Arrived broken. Manufacturer defect. Two of the legs of the base were not completely formed, so there was no way to insert the casters. I unpackaged the entire chair and hardware before noticing this. So, I'll spend twice the amount of time boxing up the whole useless thing and send it back with a 1-star review of part of a chair I never got to sit in. I will go so far as to include a picture of what their injection molding and quality assurance process missed though. I will be hesitant to buy again. It makes me wonder if there aren't missing structures and supports that don't impede the assembly process.
My best friend got this mattress before summer started and I've slept on it many times and I get the best sleep at her house. I asked for the mattress as a birthday present, I opened it on the 9th and as I was unrolling it i was starting to smell something musty but i thought it could be because it just traveled in a box for a few days. It's now the 12th and my ENTIRE BOTTOM FLOOR WREAKS OF SOME NASTY MUSTY SMELL. It smells like the bed is rotting. OH and the mattress I ordered is classified as a 6inch mattress but its measuring between 4 and 4 1/2 inches... 3 days later. Today is the first day I have done anything other than touch with my fingers or sniff. The bed feels very firm and if you sniff it you will want to gag. I've already filed through amazon that I'd like a replacement. I'm just puzzled how the mattresses could be so different. We both slept on her brand new, 6 inch, Zinus mattress less than 24 hours after she opened it but mine is like I picked it up off the side of the road. When I get the new mattress I'll edit my review accordingly.
Within a couple of weeks the center of the futon was sagging, and by the 2 month mark was completely flat in the middle, even with regular rotation. Could not sleep on it without rolling into the center. Worst futon mattress I've ever had, and no returns.
They shipped brown sipper pulls.
I waited a month and the mattress was delivered to the wrong address. The seller told me they would send another but I couldn't get them to respond after that point. I had to file a claim with amazon to get a refund. Don't recommend this seller.
I tried to use this on the rug I ordered it for and I can't. So I just threw the rug away and took the L
I've had this chair for less than 11 months and the screws holding the back of the chair broke. I called the company and they sent me a new back, unfortunately no hardware. When I called again and told them I needed the hardware and now a new bottom (since the screw was stuck in it) I received major attitude from a supervisor and was told to call Amazon. Amazon call center was gracious and immediately sent me a new chair. But, the new chair had a cracked plastic piece on the bottom and the holes for the screws to hold the arm rest on was messed up that now we are having to try to get the screw to fit. Bottom line....DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY! Not only do their products suck, so does their customer service. Go someplace else! I would have liked to given the company a minus star but the system wouldn't let me.
I got this lounger within a few days of ordering. It is what I expected, versatile and fits my small space. I have not had a guest sleep on it yet, but it feels fine to me and my son as far as lounging around. The price is amazing, it is a good deal. No complaints, it all works well. The cover material seems strong and the frame seems solid.
This is not for windows it's definitely a shower curtain
Been buying stuff online for longer then I can remember and this probably is the worst item I have ever gotten. No instructions included and horrible quality. You can get better at IKEA and that's pretty bad.
I received this chair today and definitely regret buying it. The off gasses made me and my son both sick with difficulty breathing and sore throats. There was no odor however some chemicals do not have a smell. There is formaldehyde per the package insert. Wish I had known this before buying. The reviews seemed to convince me that it was also pretty comfy but sadly I would not want to sit in this chair for More than a few minutes. It's very firm and not the chair I was hoping for. It's currently outside off gassing and will most likely keep it because I'm too lazy to pack it back up. It will probably grace the corner in spare room to torment any guests we have in the future.
It came with no instructions! How do i find them?
Returned the rugs they were too thin, not good for a bathroom.
This description says it has a drop down cup holder. It does not. The sofa is very nice but I wanted the cup holders so I didn't have to get end tables.
The support iron bars got some thing to put on for them to stay attached to the frame but that thing breaks easily and make the iron bars fall.
After taking quite a while to be delivered, what I received was an obviously used, damaged table with a broken equipment. As you can see from the pictures, the legs are scraped and damaged with 4- 6 inch scrapes on both sides and the mechanical pieces that are supposed to hold the table top on are snapped entirely off. You can see these laying on my counter in the photograph. They are supposed to be attached to the bottom of the table top, which you can see in a separate photo. They sent me broken junk which was likely previously returned which either I must accept, or go through the hassle of sending all the way back to them and cross my fingers that I get another one that's actually not damaged.
Product arrived without the screws to put it together. We have called the hotline several times. You have to leave a message. No one has called back. Waiting to know what to do about it.
Bed had chemical smell when first opened the packaging. 4 weeks later it stills smells. It's to big to box up for a return so at this point it's a loss. Don't waste your time or money it's cheap for a reason.
I would not recommend this product. The cover was way too small and the flimsy zip broke. We had to put it together with safety pins.
While slept on, the wheels came off.
Worst chair Ever, Came with uneven screws but fixed it somehow, Now its been only 4 months, chair is not unstable, makes annoying noise when someone sits on it. STAY AWAY FROM THIS CHAIR. What a waste of money.
Poorly made. Built in China. Very poor product
Although this bag is soft, the fabric is so thin it shows different colored foam that the bag is stuff in. It makes the bag look like there's stains all over the fabric. Huge Disappointment!! I would not order again.
I ordered 2 for my daughters and the one was fine and the other was completely trashed. It is unable to be packaged and shipped back and I can't take out of the box because the filling is everywhere. I should not be charged for a replacement....see the picture.
The chair did not have any assembling instructions and no hardware to put together. I saw several comments on how easy it was to assemble, however, it's hard to try when instructions and parts are not included.
I had ordered this before the first customer review. The glass is straight black even though it clearly shows clear glass in the pictures. I either want a refund (including shipping) or a new piece of clear glass.
I have had this couch for a little less than a year. The cushions have compressed to the point of being flat, regardless of how much you “fluff” them. There is very little down in these, it's a foam pad wrapped in feathers which poke through the lining. I wish I had known that after a few months these would be hard an uncomfortable, I would have bought something else, as they were not cheap! Of course it was right after the point of being able to return them. If the idea of down appeals to you like it did to me, keep looking.
Pretty disappointed when I unboxed it and the whole top part of the desk was covered in scratches. Looks like it was returned once already and sold as new. Will return...
Chair leather was damaged when I removed it from the packaging.
I cannot return it or I would. it was vacuum packed and once opened it expanded so I could never get it into the original packaging. 1. it is 2 inches thick, NOT 4 inches. 2. it is not memory foam that's worth anything. it sinks into the floor and gives no support 3. it doesn't look like the photo at all I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
havent received product after it was suppose to be sent sat than sun than mon , now it said wed ordered 9 days ago , no response from amazon or seller , i see i have to make a claim to get my money back , vacation shot , why cant some one just tell me whats going so i can make arrangement to product from somewhere else , money is not easy to come by but for them its easy , receive money and dont send anything out , what a scam
The package arrived very mangled. It was missing a vital part. I contacted the seller and they said they would mail the missing part. Over AN ENTIRE MONTH went by and I still dont have the missing part. I CANNOT PUT TOGETHER THE CHAIR WITHOUT THE PART. Their latest email to me asked ME to drive somewhere and pick up the missing part. This is outrageous. I am very dissapointed in this seller. I want a full refund.
I bought this mattress in October. I rotate it monthly to ensure it wears evenly. It's now March of the next year, so approximately 6 months later. It's terrible. It sinks in and I can feel the bed that holding it. It didn't do that to begin with. I would give it less than 1 star if I could because even the product description says something about it lasting for years. It's only be 6 months. Garbage.
Terrible product, my customer sat on it and it's just damage the cylinder. She not even that heavy. And I only had this for a month. Now I have to find a replacement. Waste of time and money
This was not delivered to me and it was not left in my mailbox, its a table .Don't tell me it was delivered and it was not because of a timeline. I would like a refund.
Terrible i wouldnt recommend this to anyone it showed up 4 days later than expected then showed up beat to f%&k im not going to even rate this one 1 star worst experience through amazon ever
Arrived with a giant hole in the side. They missed the seam while sewing it. Was too late to send it back since I didn't open it until it was time to take my tree down.
I bought this a while ago put it straight in storage never opened it until today delivered it to my new apartment opened it up and there is NO LEGS to the bottom of the couch, trying to find a way to contact someone to get the bottom leg braces for it
This is the worst purchase on Amazon I've ever made. The cubes fall apart anytime you try to move the cabinet around the room. The cheap plastic fasteners they provide to secure the cubes are a joke. You'd probably be better off using duct tape. The material is very flimsy particle board that is basically cardboard. I moved recently and the entire thing fell apart. When I re-built it, the particle board disintegrated and the whole thing ended up collapsing. On top of that, it's too shallow and small to really store anything.
I was very excited to get this chair and it delivered on time. But when I opened package and unwrapping the chair I saw the few spot has damaged as a picture. That wasn't big but feels disappointed. The package is huge and heavy to bring the ups store to return so, I gave up to return. Design is good and comfortable but I can't say 100% satisfaction with this chair. No matter what defect is defect.
Did not receive item!
This was this biggest disappointment I've ever encountered! Put the bottom half together and all of the cam locks pulled and destroyed the entire thing! It went right on the trash! I ordered it because I trust sauder products. Not this time.
The description is wrong, sizing way to small and now they do not want to accept the return. They a a rip off. Do not buy from the vendor
This is an inexpensive frame so perhaps I should not hold it to a high standard, but after having it for two years now I definitely would not recommend it. The center leg is constantly wobbly, and if the bed moves at all it will get bent under that frame at an awkward angle that scrapes the floor. Use furniture pads under all the legs because they will scratch the holy hell out of your floor too. At first, this bed would squeak intermittently and was slightly wobbly. After a year in the squeaking became out of control and no amount of screw adjusting, tightening, locking, greasing will fix it. It made me so motion sick and mad I could not sleep at all. Now I have two other pieces of furniture shoved up against it to keep it still. I'll be getting a new frame soon and will be avoiding anything close to this frame. Steer clear.
I got a used one which must have been returned. No instructions, hardware was opened and looked like a random assortment in a ziploc bag, literally, see my picture. I wasn't able to figure out how to put it together without instructions and with the hardware provided so I'm returning it.
TERRIBLE SUPER UNCOMFORTABLE. It is horrible to sit on and even worse to sleep on. I sent it back the very next day. The linen material is super dry and there is hardly any cushion in it. Dont buy
I like the look, but I have tried just about every, and they won't lay flat.!!!!
after 1 month its shaking like bloody mary.
This came folded in half inside the envelope. Only half of it sticks to the fridge.
If I could give this a zero star I would. I wouldn't know how easy it is to assemble, or how beautiful it looks in my home because it came with NO BOLT KIT! I now have pieces of a table and chairs, with no way to put them together. The box arrived 3 days later than promised, and was beat to hell when it did arrive. I would love to have somewhere to sit and eat my meals, but I will once again be waiting.
I am using my filthy and falling apart 10+ year old computer chair over this because it's more comfortable and just works better. This chair feels cheap, the arm rests are very cheap with no adjustment and prone to bending outwards overtime. I'm going to give this chair away to someone who doesn't have one, and even then I feel bad that I'm giving them a sub-par chair.
Product did not come with directions to put it together... Also did not come with the hardware to mount the tires. This product is cheap looking, and I would not recommend it to anyone!
Way smaller than it seems. Cheaply made. The plastic clips broke easy. The bookshelf looks very nice I'll give it that. But unfortunately I can't use it because the shelve clips were broken. Spend a little extra money and get a better one.
I never received my order. I emailed several times, was told that it was damaged in transit and was asked whether I wanted a refund or a replacement. I requested a refund but have not received it. Instead, I have received several emails asking for pictures, for details about the damage, and have received no resolution.
Trash. Center supports lean to one side and break. Very bat product
I would highly recommend to not buy this mattress. It starts compressing after a while and causes back pain while sitting. Me and my roommate both are regretting having bought this mattress. On top of that customer service is horrible too, they will ask for picture proof of the compression which is practically impossible so the warranty is fake too.
This was delivered in an undamaged box but the box inside with the frame was previously opened and damaged. The bed frame had 3 bent cross rails and the main rails on each end were ripped off of the side support rail. I will never order anything that does not come directly from Amazon. This item was listed as new and unopened.
Piece of crap! My son keeps pulling it apart and the insert cardboard is flimsy.
Missing the 4 legs and it was on bad conditions
I needed another brush because the original one broke. The replacement that I ordered doesn't work. The brush doesn't turn. Unfortunately I already had thrown the box out before I tried it. Very disappointed. I just assumed it would work.
I really wanted to love this because it fits our space perfectly, but it is made very poorly. First the bottom piece had broken off. When I pulled the rest of the screws out I saw half used appropriate length screws and half had small stubs which obviously don't work. We took the entire bottom piece off because the wood was warped from the original incorrect screws. Then we had to take off the connector piece on the wood because it wasn't aligned properly. That also split the wood but we were able to make it work. I'm very disappointed in this.
Didn't even open the box after seeing the matching nightstand. Cheap and flimsy
I bought these for my rugs going on my carpets. I based my purchase on reviews and I will say, these did not work. Within a day, my carpet was sliding and I don't even see a point on why I bought them. Don't waste your money.
The second you touch the box the stain comes off on your hands. There's no polyurethane on the outside to seal this stain in. There's splinters of wood coming out of the whole box. Disappointing.
The seat was not constructed very well. The leg spacing underneath the seat and each leg were different sizes. The seat screw from one leg came out within 2 hours of my daughter using it. The product is made in Vietnam. The desk drawers are only tall enough to put pencils or markers in it.
The box that arrived was barely held together, when I open it up to put this table together, most of the metal on the legs was either bent, or completely broken off! Spend the extra money and buy a better table
I paid for extra assembly, nothing was assembled, it came in a million pieces, it already was scratched up when we opened it, and is super wobbly after being assembled. Not worth the money at all especially not the extra assembly charge.
I got the wrong item and the item was broken.I was so disappointed with it.
Received and it looked like someone threw it. Corners were all damaged. You get what you pay for.
I ordered this chair as a Christmas present for my son and never received it or even a refund! I DO NOT recommend anyone buying from this company ever! Plus I paid over $200 for this chair and 1 day later I saw it for $150 and they still wouldn't help me rectify this! Bad company policy in my opinion!
when putting the box spring on the bed frame, I noticed that one corner of the box spring was curved in. I turned it over and saw that one of the side boards was split. I have tried stapling it back together, but it is still curving inward. I put a wide piece of wood on the frame a so it doesn't fall through. very disappointed
This is extremely poorly made and was not quality tested at all. The holes to not match up and so I am unable to assemble the item. Missed the window to return.
It broke within a week and i duck taped it
Dislike...was missing pieces in order to assemble... I receive the box from Amazon.,looked at the instructions, GREAT, the first bar stool was easy to assemble and was feeling proud of my accomplishment AND ALSO MY FANTASTIC selection of barstools, on to the next one.. HOWEVER, I was missing some IMPORTANT pieces, obviously, since they were included in the instructions, and the assembly directions...How important is a lock washer and a flat washer?? Seems I will need to make a trip to the Home Depot in order to put this one together..feeling very frustrated at the delay and having to make a trip to the store in order to finish this...and yes I needed them tomorrow...for company coming over. Yes, I'm a woman, no extra parts on hand and no I don't build things.
THe chair is too low for most desks. It is too narrow for me and in am 165 pounds, 5'5” It needs to be higher and should easier height adjustments.
Don't waste your money on this it is poorly made and the wood is no better than balsa wood. This will be going back.
I bought this assuming it would be firm, as the word "Firm" is explicitly in the title. I need a firm mattress or else I am unable to fall asleep and my back aches. This mattress is not firm at all. It is the softest & squishiest mattress I've ever laid on (and not in a good way). And because we removed it thinking mattress from the packaging and expanded it, we were unable to return (no box large enough to fit). Total waste of $350. Again, steer clear if you are looking for a firm mattress.
Chair falls apart within weeks. Cheap parts, almost no padding on the seat. I've assembled many office chairs prior to this one. The chair is simple enough to put together, but the cheap parts kill what little potential for quality this unit has. Save yourself the headache and pain and buy a better product.
I knew I was ordering cheap chairs but had no idea these would be disposable. We have cats so didn't want to spend too much. However, these chairs are a slap in the face. While assembling one of them, we failed to fit the back in properly and when we tried to adjust it, it had locked into the one side. It was impossible to remove the back to remedy the situation, so we had to bend it and after a long struggle, we were able to fit both sides in properly. I am 5'3" and my husband is 6', and neither of us are comfortable in these chairs. There is no neck support when the chairs are reclined and our feet dangle over the edge of the foot rest. There are loose threads (which I'm afraid to cut) and the Velcro which the loose fabric back is supposed to attach to is shoddily sewn on. I will have to purchase upholstery tacks because the back fabric just flaps and looks sloppy. These are ugly, cheap chairs but since the backs can't be removed, we won't be able to fit them back into their boxes for return. Like I said, they're disposable and I fully expect to have them hauled off by a junk collector in a few months. A total waste of money.
SIMPLY THE WORST. Impossible to safely assemble cause instructions are like primary school writing and drawing. Drawer's bottom is a piece of paper while it all collapse whenever you pull it halfway. Not worth any money.
The 4 holes on the bottom of the seat were drilled too far back. This lead to the chair being unable to be put together properly thus wasting an hour of my day. Not sure why there are so many positive reviews for a product that is so very flawed. Use caution when buying this product. In the instructions it clearly show that those two metal pieces should not be overlapping, yet they are.
There was no wooden stand, just a bucket. Returning:(
Key tooth is slighty smaller than all my other cuff keys. Garbage. Made a 20 yr vet look like a boot when it didnt work.
When I got home from work today I was excited to see that the dresser had arrived a day early, only to then see that the box was nearly torn open at the top and a part was also almost falling out of the side of the two boxes that were taped together to ship this product. I didn't let that get me down though and got right to work on getting everything out to start assembling this dresser. Upon opening the boxes I found all the pieces just kind of shoved in there with no styrofoam or anything between the parts. Several parts were a bit damaged, but I was just hoping they would be on the inside so that the damage wouldn't be noticed. But then I noticed some parts missing: one of the black drawer panels, a leg, and all the screws/pegs that would hold it together. In short I will be returning the dresser.
I ordered the off-white color for the tv stand to match my other tables in the room. When I received the item, I noticed it wasn't the right color. They had sent me the Sargent Oak. I emailed the company stating the sent the wrong color and was wondering how to fix the problem of me not being able to lift this on my own to bring some where (I am a female who lives on own with my family in different cities). They replied back to me saying the off-white one is out of stock and can offer me a 5% discount. Just that alone made me mad. 1. They deliberately sent me the wrong color and thought I wouldn't notice (I would since it won't match) and 2. How is me saving $10 off this $200 piece going to solve my problems. They Definitely take their time trying to not resolve my problem. This is a very shady and unethical business.
It was an impulse buy that got thrown away after 2 weeks. It brought nothing to the table.
This cabinet is terrible. The drawers don't fit on the sliders, always falling off and causing jams. I'm constantly having to readjust them. Annoying. Don't waste your money
Literally a giant plastic wrap. It is EXACTLY a plastic wrap. It tore as soon as I touched it. Totally useless. Please don't waste your money on it.
Bought two of these mattresses for a bunk bed and they are terrible. You can see where the springs are and there is little to nothing separating them from the cover. Description lists 2" of total foam and there can't be more than a half inch. You get what you pay for but the description could atleast be correct.
Really badly designed
I ordered this on January 23 and the post office would not deliver it saying it was too large. False. I finally was able to go get it today and it could fit in the back seat. Then after the hassle of going and getting it finally I opened it and it is black. The box states espresso but whoever boxed it is color blind. This is black. It doesn't match any of my furniture but it is more of a hassle at this point to return it.
I bought this item expecting a stool that could assist a disabled individual with getting into bed. The stool was damaged upon arrival & the holes in the legs didn't match up with the holes on the step so you couldn't put the stool together. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone, but especially wouldn't purchase it for someone with a disability.
Even after waiting 12 hrs after application the first time this touched water it slipped a good foot away and me with it.
I guess I couldn't tell from the pictures but the texture of this rug is like cheap carpet. After only a few months, it looks like a matted down shag. Not the style I was going for.
Came broken. Not the best material I guess.
Very poor quality. There were at least ten parts that came damaged or broken. If we haven't spent so much time getting replacement parts through South Shore customer service we would have tried returning. Quality is worse than IKEA if that is even possible. Given that it's so cheaply made the price is actually quite expensive. We only wanted this bed because it seemed more compact and had more useful storage than other high quality beds at Pottery Barn kids or Restoration Hardware. I would say if you don't need storage just go to the better retailers for quality bed. I do not see this bed lasting longer than 3-4 years.
I have ordered thousands of items of Amazon. I received the package but the item was NOT inside.
Side panels were broken
Worked great when it was working, then just stopped working after about 10 uses. Now it's not reading anything.... Tried to get in touch with seller but emails about exchanging product were unanswered
We never received the chairs!
This is made of real wood and thick, heavy glass; the finish is beautiful although it scratches easily so you must be careful. But I am of the opinion that it is a sad and disappointing waste of materials, as well as time and money. The construction is awful and there is a degree of difficulty even for those experienced in DIY furniture assembly. The parts don't fit together properly, the Cam Lock aluminum hardware is soft and malfunctioning, and the pins pop out and are exposed through the cracks where the side boards and interior shelves should fit snugly and tightly. The end result is a lopsided piece of furniture, with misaligned doors, that can't be trusted to hold any weight. I had ordered the two other matching cabinets, the large and medium size, and had similar problems with their design flaws, and so decided against ordering the small cabinet as intended. At least the cabinets are still standing after a few months. Not this entertainment center! One day I moved it forward a foot or so to plug something into the wall behind it. I moved it back and opened one of the doors. To my chagrin, it fell out into my hand as it reached the open position in the center. Then I tried the other door and alas! the same. When I stood back to inspect I saw what appears to be warping to the bottom board. The doors simply fell from the tracks when they reached the low spot in the bend. That uncomfortable feeling of having been ripped off returned and I junked the thing. I'm not sure what to do with the cabinets as they were a set, but I am quite confident they won't last long either. Heaven forbid I need to move them at all! What a shame.
I ordered two for my boys and really liked the style and color but they both fell apart within 6 months. The drawers first started to fall apart then came the frame at the foot of one of the beds. We've had the beds for 11 months and have had to reassemble the bed way too many times. I doubt it'll last much longer. Terrible purchase!
Junk. I read the reviews and was super excited. The camlocks bends and break with nearly no tightening. And trying to get someone I the line for replacement parts is a joke. The phone just keeps ringing. Disappointed is an understatement.
Surface of the table was poorly finished.
Our frame started squeaking pretty quickly, really only after a few months. There is also a major design flaw that you can see in the pictures. The left and right edges of the frame have a substantial gap, if your mattress isn't perfectly on the full frame, then it starts sliding down into that gap. I think this highly contributed to our mattress being ruined.
The screw holes don't match up at all I had to buy longer, wider screws to connect the poles. The legs broke off the desktop right away. Many of the holes were larger than the hardware They were willing to refund me if I paid return postage. This piece of junk weighs 70 pounds and is quite large. I would lose money.
Would have been great if it were not missing a PVC rod...with only 11 of 12 rods to extend height, was sadly useless. Very disappointed 3 year old on her birthday, but sending back. Read this problem in previous reviews but was hopeful. :(
Terrible! The box and the packing was in perfect condition, but the item had a big dent.
Hate it. My 15yr old daughter and I put together, easy enough. Not enough bolts, had to run to hardware store. Cheap crappy particle board. Corner of one drawer damaged in transit, one panel paint separating on all seams. It's not on any wheels or posts, the whole bottom edge rests on the ground. It's so heavy it will never be able to be moved. When my daughter leaves for college I will be throwing this in the garbage.
When item arrived the box was badly damaged and completely warped in clear box tape COMPLETELY!!. When opened styrofoam was everywhere had to vacuum each piece, all the bags with the hardware were blown open hardware was everywhere. The pieces of the unit were also badly damaged. The quality of the unit is also bad cheap particle board holes drilled in the wrong spot's. Two thumbs down!!!!
Terrible quality cheap surface not worth the money, could be used for a childs desk but not a gaming desk.
Arrived with corner parts of the cabinet damaged The black storage drawers dirty and they are very flimsy
a full week and it never fully expanded and too much trouble to pack up and return. would not reccomend.
It's very cheaply made and took forever to put together and some of the pieces were damaged. It's tiny and looks like kids furniture. I returned it and they refunded my money with no problem.
No stars from me. Love this bench. But not sturdy. Tried to get replacements or parts for pieces that broke on first day I had it. And my only option is to contact the manufacturer or send this bench back and they will replace it. Can you imagine the hassle when I already put the box out. In the rain. And the cost to return an item of this weight? Very disappointing.
Never received these rugs. Emailed seller NEVER got a reponse.
If you return the product, you are not automatically refunded for the policy. This is a disreputable setup.
Very cheaply made product. One piece of the wood broke as I was assembling the product in the end. I don't recommend buying this! Only good this was that it arrived on time.
So it was working well. But all of a sudden the remote or motor is not working. I'm not sure which. But I've replaced the batteries on remote and troubleshoot everything else.
I ordered this exact mattress several years ago (according to Amazon). However when I ordered it again, it was nothing like the first. It is very hard, and does not allow your body to sink into the foam as the first one did. The first one (from years ago) was my favorite mattress I've ever had in my life. I wish I could find another one just like it.
Terrible dresser. Bought this to match my boyfriend's dresser and the bottom of the drawers keep breaking and falling through. At this point 4/5 drawers have broken.
Really wanted to return these since I purchased them in error but only short return window and missed it. The down side to purchasing on Amazon.
Put together. Seeing that the desk is not balanced and the top layer of desk has bubbles in it. It is sturdy but not balanced correctly. I don't recommend.
After putting it together it's. Wobbly and the top doesn't close on both sides ine side hits the edge of the table then you need to push it in to not stick In it's to expensive to send back and I doubt they would send a new one that actually works so I lost money on a table I can't even use
Beware, seller takes money and does not ship item or answer emails!!!
This product did not look at all like the color in the picture. I reboxed everything for a return. I stayed home twice (Tuesday and Wednesday) to meet the parcel service for the return, in which they never showed up, now I am being told that I need to load up this 100+ pound, 4 foot long package (I'm 5 feet tall BTW) and take it to UPS and drop it off myself or they will charge me to try to pick it up again... even though I missed two days of work and they actually never attempted to pick it up. UPS let me know that this is what the seller has worked out with them.
Do not buy this, its a waste of money.
And no way to contact Amazon - these were delivered to my old address, and I never received them. I have started a refund/request form, but the notice says they won't start processing it until I return them. Logically, I can't return what I don't have. So I am just out $90 for two stools and the fact that I feel the only way I might hope that somebody is aware of this is if I write a review. I realize this isn't a review, but I have no idea how to get somebody to help me. I know I can't be the only person to have had this happen to them, surely this problem has been addressed before. So frustrated that there isn't a proper avenue for this. Hopefully somebody sees this and can help me either get a refund or have the stools send to my actual address.
I can't tell if this was a shipping problem or a packing problem but the desktop was severally chipped on the corner as well as scratched. I did not expect high quality based on the price. Will update the review.
Without a doubt the worst thing I've ever purchased from Amazon. The table itself was wobbly, the middle shelf was off-kilter, the basket barely stayed put, the top shelf had a chip in the wood (I'm guessing I received someone else's returned product), and one of the screws wouldn't go in because the holes weren't lined up correctly. Overall, I wouldn't even give this product one whole star. Very disappointing.
After 8-10 days of use the frame broke. The row of middle support legs are cheap thin metal and they have felt pads to stop them from moving, whereas the wooden outter legs do not. My hubby thinks that the bed was moving each time we got in it and the middle legs were swaying, to the point that they broke. As a result we have spent the past few nights in our guest room instead of on our brand new $2k mattress. The website and amazon so far only show the option to return for a refund, and taking it apart to box and ship back does not sound like a great addition to this experience. I've submitted a help claim on Zinus website, which also does not run well and kept knocking me off and back to amazon each time I clicked to attach a picture.
Looks,beautiful. Easy to resemble. Very uncomfortable.
Product is poorly manufactured. Product cannot be properly assembled because pre drilled fasteners do not line up. Product shows to be prime but is only returnable at the expense of the client. Do not waste your money as this is nothing more than a large paper weight. In my opinion this product doesn't even deserve a 1 star. Since that is the lowest I can go that is the best i can give. You have been warned do not throw your hard earned money away
The WORST experience EVER with this seller. Tables delivered broken tried to send them back seller was incompetent don't use them!!!! Save yourself a flipping head ache! Thank Goodness Amazon issued me a refund after almost a month later! Ughhhh
Ordered two of these tables! Seller only sent ONE! Now won't respond to my emails/requests for refund. Do NOT buy from this seller. Not recommended. (Will update this review if the seller reaches out to fix this)
I ordered 4 tables and every single one arrived broken. The replacements all arrived broken, too. Poorly packaged and handled for shipping.
Marble broken/chipped in the corner with scuffed wood in the same place like it had been dropped. It had been resealed up multiple times with tape which makes me think they keep trying to resell a defective item with chipped marble.
Was broken in multiple places, packaging was very lite and I am guessing somebody put something on it or dropped it. If it was just one small one I would have probably just been ok but in multiple places, not really acceptable at all, returning.
Had the rug down for less than a week and it's pulling up in two spots. I've never had a rug do this.
Product arrived damaged, broken pieces of wood, and missing hardware! Completely disappointed!!
I purchased two of these items and the top drawer on both have fallen off. This happened not long after purchase was made. Very upsetting.
Very cute, however, Do not waste your money. After a few sits on this stool the cushion started to give so it was like sitting on wood. The fabric stained easier.
The pieces didn't fit together when I first tried to put it together. Wouldn't recommend.
I ordered this bed on January 11th and it's Feb 4th and I'm still waiting for it. I cannot fund it with the tracking number provided. Very disappointing.
Poor quality. The screws would pop out making the seat wobbly. I would replace them and it would just happen again. (For reference I am about 150 pounds so I don't think weight was the issue.)
Wasn't made very well and then it's a 16$ return fee. Not Happy....!
This is neither double sided or spring free. This is the second one sent after sending back the exact same thing :-(. I read the other reviews before my purchase but they were obviously NOT reviewing this product. One star because I could not pick zero or negative
Terribly disappointed in this chair. The kneeling cushions are very hard and hurt my shins after just a few minutes of sitting. I want to return, but I do not have that option any longer. DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS CHAIR!
Not at all what advertised
After 2 months of using the bean bag the seams broke and the filling started coming out. A more flexible material for the bag would have been better.
Very poor quality! It is hard to believe it is a $300 more product! The door already fell off twice less in two weeks since We installed.
it arrived as promised and when I opened it , it was damaged and scratched .. had to have been packaged that was bcuz he way it WAS packaged there is no way this damage could have happened .. Im keeping it bcuz Im desparate right now .. wont buy from them again
Received damaged and molded. Returned.
Don't waste your money...doesn't work at all..am still rearranging rug multiple times a day. Very disappointed.
At first, we were very happy with this chair. But now after just a few months of use, the back leans back too far--even when you have the pin pushed in to prevent it from moving. It's like trying to work in a recliner. To sit upright, you have to prop a pillow behind you, which negates the reason for buying it (the mesh back to allow air circulation. Very disappointed given the price. I would expect this of a $69 chair from Staples, but not a $200 chair.
Very disappointed, there were missing pieces in the package. Some parts were damaged. After back and forth with the company. They reshipped the part that was to replace the damage and missing pieces. They are damaged as well. This was not a cheap piece of furniture. Sad to say won't be rebuying anything from this company again.
This rug is dangerous because it's too slippery. I would not recommend this to anyone especially one that is holding a child. I noticed I cannot return this because the deadline was January 31, 2018. I guess it will go in the trash.
I loved these rugs when they first arrived but now I am extremely disappointed. In just a few weeks they have completely unraveled in the ends. I would definitely not recommend this product if you want something that looks beautiful for more than a week.
Ordered in November just put in my newly painted living room And not even one week of use and my small French bulldog layed on it and the cover snapped in middle looks horrible and now have to spend money on a new one bc I cannot return this or get new cover. Waste
I never received this product
I read hundreds of reviews, asked friends, even found a mattress that was owned by someone locally and went to lay on it. It's easy to unpack, isn't a super heavy box, inflated properly. However, this bed is hard and I consider myself a harder bed sleeper. I hurt all over my body, my hips, my back, my neck, shoulders. I slept on my couch/futon over this bed. I am a side sleeper and I am a hot sleeper. I think this just wasn't the right one for me. At first lay down it's nice but it's not a “oh man this is perfect”. I will preface this by I HAD a sleep number prior and didn't want to shell out the money. I lasted 10 days before I caved and bought my second sleep number and I have slept like a baby ever since. I can say I tried the hip new thing but this ain't the thing for me. Sleep number for ever!
Haven't received it yet
This looks like a great chair that is easy to put together. However instead of nailing the plastic floor protector in the recessed hole in the middle they drove in two square machine nails, one on either side of the hole. One of the nails was protruding above the plastic and gouged the floor. I would rather have had them include the guides and four normal nails in the box and let me hammer them in myself.
This product is shit!!!!! Do not buy or waste your time. I bought one and it arrived severely damaged. I returned that one and got another one.. also severely damaged. The product is flimsy and not worth the money. Very dissapointed and was really looking forward to having this. The company owes me big.. do not buy this product or any product. I had to select a star to have this review go through. It is the only reason otherwise I would have selected none.
MISSING ALL SCREWS!!! AND PARTS!!! CANT PUT IT TOGETHER WITHOUT THE SCREWS OR PARTS! PRODUCT LOOKED USED WHEN I OPENED IT! THIS WAS A HORRIBLE PURCHASE.
I bought this mattress pad for our king sized open cell mattress, as I was trying to make sure no liquids would get into the mattress. The reason I bought it was that it claimed to 'breath'. It actually makes our matress too hot. It does not stay cool. Not happy with it!
If I could give it zero stars I would. The dresser looks adorable and aesthetically would be perfect for my baby's room. However, the dresser is unlevel (not my floor) and leans forward. The drawers are a pain to open. They stop about half way and you have to really pull to get them to a point where you can get anything in or out of it. Not to mention, super cheaply made. We've only recently started to really use this since our baby has moved to his room and a drawer already broke. Not a handle, not a crack in the face of the wood, but a broken piece of the cheap partical board that renders the entire drawer useless now. If you want an item you can just sit and look at this is your dresser. If you want something that functions, look elsewhere. Spend the money on quality. Even what I paid for this item was too much for what use we've had out of it.
Didn't come with instructions. Cheaply made and breaks easily.
It nice and all but it not strong. I did have for the long and it all ready broke and I had to buy different table. I would never buy this again
Product arrived in perfect shape. However, it when down hill from there. Upon assembly the dimensions were NOT what they were supposed to be. The product is 2 3/4” wider than listed, one corner was 1 inch higher than the other three, and it was 1 1/2” longer than listed as well. Could not use as planned and returned.
The foot stool is not very sturdy. We've had the chair only a couple of months, rarely use the foot stool, and it's alread broke.
After shopping at Amazon since the beginning I was very disappointing to receive this buffet with absolute NO hardware included. I have never ever had this happen. Now I have to wait 7 days for a replacement. Such a disappointment!
I have not received my refund. It has been 10 days.
They arrived broken on the ends, both of them on the corners. I have enclosed a photo. Was not real happy, they bubble wrapped the middle but in the ends and that is what broke.
Would give 0 stars if able. Super poor quality. Multiple cracks just from putting it together. Clearly it's very cheap material.
We got this home and it's beautiful day one, went to turn it on and it's already broken by day 2.
The part where the screw goes in is tilted out of place so it doesnt fit together. I tried everything but it will not sit straight in the support bar. So disappointed.
arrives chipped in a perfect box
Did not get the table I ordered and when I requested it be replaced with correct one, I was denied that option. Still showing as an item you can order.
This memory foam is like sleeping on a brick. It does not couture to your body in any way. It is extremely uncomfortable. I can no longer use this as it causes body aches and back aches. I am very disappointed with this product because I researched this item and it's description was very misleading. Note: In order to write this review, it required me to star rate it and my opinion is it gets 0 stars!
Beware never received item from seller!!!!
The unit itself is very cheaply made and the smell is toxic and so awful! If you are buying it for a kids room, beware, the toxic smell lingers for months!! Assemble it in the garage our outside and let it air out before putting it in the house . Or better yet, buy a different product. I think I will get rid of it after only a couple of months in use.
This was a gift for my daughter. It arrived in a good timely manner with no holes in the box. After opening it we noticed item B was broken. Item B is the leg that holds the mirror and box up. After 2 weeks and several attempts to get them to send a replacement, we still have a broken gift. I would not recommend this product because of customer service.
Certainly not what is pictured. My rug is solid gray and ivory and looks dirty.
Really?! You couldn't spare 5 cents to give 1 extra piece. Now I'm stuck with a wobbly drawer and have super glue on my hands. And no, I did not over tighten it. Product might be 5 stars for all I know, but this is so ridiculous I had to stop installing just to make this point clear: INCLUDE EXTRA PARTS!! I'd be willing to change this review if customer service makes an effort to correct this.
Unfortunately this item failed after just a few days of use and now it stays up until I sit then goes all the way down. Says it's guaranteed for 5 years but there's no way to contact the manufacturer.
Table looks very nice but we cannot set it up as two legs are missing. Have contacted seller and no response. Have two other matching pieces which are lovely and wish we could put this together.
It's seriously worse than a one star rating. Quality is poor. Instructions are poorly written. Holes did not align properly. Customer service was worthless. If you got it for free you'd use it for kindling. Do not buy this and I personally will never purchase anything from this company again.
I put it out as far as it would go and it kept sliding up and hitting me at the back of the knee. I could rest my feet on it but that's about it. My husband and I were not able to really use them on our long trip to Europe.
They sent it some where else
The so-called 8" mattress inflated unevenly and only to 6" at it's greatest height. I bought a twin 8" two years ago that was great and still is. Unfortunately this one is defective and I have no way to send it back so I'm stuck with it. Buyer beware.
I was shorted a screw and 1 panel doesn't close correctly. Now I have to jump through different hoops to get the parts. They told me that they don't have access to Amazon Orders because they aren't a retailer, just a wholesaler. The contact information on Amazon is the fax number. I wouldn't buy from this company.
It is A big pain to put together. still behind the couch.
I'M SO DISAPPOINTED WITH AMAZON I LEFT DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS FOR DROP OFF ON FRONT PORCH MY LARGE ITEMS HAVE BEEN LEFT ON THE End OF MY DRIVEWAY. I'M DISABLED AND ALONE IN MY DREAM HOME I HAD TO PUSH INCH BY INCH ALL HEAVY DELIVERIES SLOWLY UP MY CEMENT DRIVEWAY INTO THE GARAGE. It Took HOURS AND The PACKAGES WERE LEFT IN THE RAIN.......no one asked for my signature because they wanted to dump and run. I'm not going to continue to be a member of Amazon Prime. I spent $ 4000 on my purchases and paid off my prime account in full. I complained and Amazon took very little responsibility and gave me carrier phone numbers to call and scold. ABF WAS THE WORST DELIVERY AND SCRATCHED MY HARD WOOD FLOORS BY DRAGGING IN A DINING ROOM TABLE. I SENT PICTURES AS REQUESTED BY Amazon but they gave me a small discount and told me that Amazon was not responsible for the carrier. I did not choose the carrier..... I am not responsible for the carrier either.
Instructions are not clear! While following the manual one of the panels which were screwed on one end but not the other fell and so it snapped!
I would give this a better rating if it had stayed together. The hinges quickly came loose and that was all she wrote. Wish it wouldn't have as it held blankets nicely.
This product arrived damaged.
this is the most terrible product! and it is impossible to contact the seller!
Unfortunately, this order was damaged upon delivery. Box looked fine but the two plastic pieces that curve around to hold the legs in place were both broken off on one side. Additionally, I paid extra shipping to receive faster as I was setting up a room for my dad in Memory Care and I DID NOT receive before he moved in making the $13 charge for 1 day delivery unfulfilled. I guess that's another email to send about the reimbursement for shipping. Overall was a bad experience on this one, unfortunately.
Everyone else is saying it's easy. Maybe it's because I'm a beginner considering I've put together only two things. Or maybe I just got the trashy product considering the white is already turning black from scraping against the metal. I could not do the final step for the life of me - it says that you need to lay the back down onto the seat and twist in the bolts, which I did - THEN lift it up and twist in different bolts. I understood those directions very clearly. However, you have to FORCE the bolts to go into place. It took me 10 minutes to do all the steps, but it took me at least 45 minutes to do the last one. And I still didn't even do it correctly. The back of the chair is too far in, and I really cannot lean back. I wish I could return this chair. I regret spending $100
I originally wrote a review about how this was beautiful looking but the parts were of questionable quality. Well after 6 months this bed is junk. I'm single and stay pretty stationary at night and this frame has crumbled apart and the middle legs completely bent. I contacted the company and asked for replacement parts and they were completely unhelpful. Don't waste your money.
After less than a year mattress no longer supports back.
Pretty hard to assemble when they don't send all the parts. And since I can't assemble it much less use it, value is pretty worthless too!
Never received the product, you people really dropped the ball on this one. How about some compensation here.
This mattress is only 9 inches in places. What can be done about this?
First of all, this was hard to assemble. The instructions are confusing and at times incorrect. Secondly, when it was finally assembled, I realized this was too small, almost like children's size furniture. It looks good in a picture, but when you compare it to other furniture and objects in the room, it looks too small. Disappointed because I can no longer return it as I had to fully assemble it to realize how small it looks. And yes, I did look at measurements before the purchase, it just looks small (the cabinets, the legs, the handles) like its a miniature kid-size version of an object that should be bigger as a whole.
This chair is very small! I wished I had known before giving it to my tall dad for Christmas. I'm so embarrassed.
Just didn't work for me
Is cheap looking. Sizing is different between the different rolls I received. Not at all what I was expecting. Has a funny smell to it also.
Not at all what I originally ordered, didn't match the shorter length I bought at the same time, same product. Now to add, it wasn't recieved from Amazon in first shipping when marked as shipped. Now used in garage, because a full refund not offered!
Seller provided fake tracking showing that item was delivered to the different state. Never got it and doubt it was sent at all. Please check seller reviews before buying, looks like there are many of us
It is avery flimsy bed .screws makes alot of sound if you move on the bed
The product came and to my surprise was very cheaply made. The construction of the island took roughly 1.5 hrs and was frustrating. The product has cheap wood and even cheaper attachments (handles, wheels, slides). Within the first week, two of the wheels broke from just rolling along the floor. Would not recommend nor would purchase again.
Got the chair but it only had 2 legs, no pillow and no instructions or tools to put it together. I return it but can't understand how a company can send out a product with pieces missing. I will not order another chair on Amazon.
Company shipped wrong product.
Never had a worse piece of furniture
I hesitated buying this initially because of some customers who described how time consuming it was to put these 40+ pieces together. I also thought it couldn't be much of a desk (even for a low end one) at that price but several people reported how pleased they were once they got it together. Should have followed my initial reservations. Determined husband put the thing together (took twice as long as he longest time reported) and it was just awful. Unsteady, cheap looking, particle board, small desk. After all, we sent it back. A lesson in the limitations of cheap DIY furniture. Fortunately, AMZ worked with us on the return, otherwise, we would have just taken the loss.
We assembled this dresser two weeks ago, following the instructions. Two of the drawers are falling apart and the top has begun to disconnect. We are very disappointed.
DO NOT ORDEE FROM THIS VENDOR! I ordered my desk in January with an estimated arrival date of February, the day my item was delivered, I received a delayed notification. I contacted the seller multiple times with NO response and the seller blocked me from being able to cancel my order! I had to go through Amazon to get a refund. This vendor is a SCAM!
I ordered a 9" mattress and after 4 days of being open and sitting on the bed frame its only 7". Have the pictures to prove it. You should send me a 9" mattress. All you have to see is I'm pushing against the top of the bed frame and using an inch and there is one inch still on the tape measure.
Cheaply made. No instructions. No tools. The lever to keep the back straight allows leaning backward quite a bit. No lever to retract the leg support, its all manual. I had it delivered to my office, so if it wouldn't be such a pain to return, it would of went back as soon as it was put in use for the first time.
The product was scratched when I got it. The material that it is made out of is not very durable. And the screws are not right for the material because when I tried to assemble it, one of the screws (on a skinnier piece) stripped the hole, tried the other and it didn't work. For the price I thought that the tray holder would come already assembled, but it did not. I feel like if the unit came already assembled, then it would eliminate the issue with the screws.
Too small and uncomfortable. Never buying furniture again from Amazon.com
The fabric on the arm of this chair ripped after just a few months. The seller said they would send a replacement. I've reached out to them twice and while they said they would replace it, I haven't gotten the replacement.
Not as comfortable as I thought it would be.
I never received the product and I have been reaching out the the seller for 5 days now and no one has reached back out to me and they took my money out my account.
We needed a new coffee table and I was taken in by the price and big discount. Realized too late that it's like a jungle gym with sharp edges and flimsy wood for the living room. Had to pay significant shipping back. Should have trusted my first instinct that the thing was huge, ugly and cheap.
This came moldy and extremely scratched and there were cracks in it.
This bean bag chair did not even last 1 yr total wast of hard earned money.
I would give this item a better review, but I have been waiting for replacement parts since May 20th. The seller is not very responsive and doesn't seem to care to fix the issue since I've had to email multiple times.
Horrible finish- dirty fingerprints several places- chipped paint- areas where they paint over the defects- have to return - company wouldn't answer phone and have not responded to very polite emails and pictures I sent in
Ugh so excited to get this daybed and label 10A and 10B wouldn't fit each other.
We bought this to make a terrible mattress more firm. It made it worse, somehow. returning.
We did not receive the hard ware, they would not send hard had to send it back.
Unable to review; item returned due to damaged package.
Arrived all busted up twice
This review is for the mDesign Free Standing Corner Storage Shelf, not their rotating organizer. I was hoping to put medium size plates on the top shelf but it falls forward. Terrible.
It's hasn't been a year and the mattress is defective. It's sagging big time. Very very very uncomfortable. It's basically no good in less than a year. Our prior mattress lasted over 16 years. I need a replacement. Please contact us immediately
They do not stay in place under the chair legs & they do not atop the chair from sliding.
Do not buy this frame!!! I read mainly great reviews. But I also read a couple that said the screws to the headboard and footboard don't stay in. Well they were right. They have just a screw that slides in... doesn't actually screw in. So once you get in and out of the bed a few times the headboard and footboard falls right off. So stupid. Don't buy!
As in other reviews the legs were wonky. Bent in under the table. I bought this because it was a MECO table. I have an older MECO which was made in U.S.A. this newer version was made in China. Not worth the money if the legs aren't on straight.
Very flimsy, shakes and is unstable.
Fell apart immediately
The table is advertised as coming with two adjustable height stools. The stools did not arrive with the table, and when I called they told me they were not responsible for the product because it was shipped from another entity and they couldn't provide the stools. They offered me a credit and to order additional stools but the table isn't adjustable anyway - it locks at one height. This was my first bad experience with Amazon but it will definitely make me think twice about what I order in the future.
After 2 years it was starting to mold
The Wrong rug was sent two times in a row. Don't bother with this company.
The desktop I received was damaged in all 4 corners, despite the box it was delivered in being fully intact. I contacted the seller and was promised a replacement desktop in December after sending pictures. Many emails and promises to send me shipping tracking info later, it is now April and I have not received any replacement or refund. This is a very shady and untrustworthy seller.
When the bag arrived it was tightly packed in box and when we opened it it was not fluffy at all. We figured we needed to give it some time to fluff up because it was in the box. We immediately noticed a very strong chemical order and also figured maybe that would dissipate once it was unpacked. Unfortunately no luck! The filling is lumpy and uncomfortable... there is still an awful chemical odor and the bag never got fluffy and seems only half full ... very disappointed and plan to return... completely annoyed that I have to pay shipping ...
Way to flimsy had to add a peg board on back to make it stronger
This rug is of very poor construction, it is very thin and pieces of material keep balling up. We bought a anti skid mat to put under it but when walking on the rug it quite often bundles up causing you to trip. We bought it to replace our 30 year old Yankee Pride rug, I guess they are out of business because their quality was to good. we put our old rug back because even after 30 years it works better. I would like to return this article but the return time has lapsed.
Buyer beware. I requested to cancel the order as soon as it was placed as I ordered this on accident. The chair still shipped and the seller told me that in order to send it back they would have to charge me.
Can't recommend this product. Looks fine, and I was able to assemble it myself in about an hour, but wow, the quality of the drawers are terrible. So weak and flimsy. Any items with a decent weight to them bow the wood, and they become impossible to close without holding up the bottom.
We've been working on assembling this sewing machine table for three hours. It came without an allen wrench so that was my first problem. Next problem: very few of the screws line up with holes. May need re-drilling. UGH! To quote my husband "it's a piece of junk". Purchased it because it had a sale price but the hassle to put it together is not worth the low price . First really bad review I have every given you guys. Sorry.
JUNK! Very small Horrible quality Took 5 hours to put together. Don't wast your money OR TIME. At this point I'm more annoyed than I am satisfied with this, what I would call, my worst purchase to date.
Unfortunately the chairs never reached me and I have asked for a refund. Logistics is something the vendor needs to improve.
I order only two of the items and they send four, that is deplorable trying to make me buy more that I need . how can I return the rest?
Very low-quality rug. That's why it's so cheap. I would return it if I could, it's to big for my car. I put it in my office. This rug is paperthin it will not last very long. Spend a little more and get a better rug.
This is more for a free house in your back yard. Super small couches. I returned mine immediately
I do not find the bed very comfortable. I bought for my 4 year old son
If you read this please do not buy this TV table. I bought this TV table for my beautiful 65 inch curved TV. Was excited about this product to recieve it but after few days waiting i got it. Opened very carefully but then realised that the main parts ( Uper level and lower level) were broken and damaged. The instruction was really poor, the quality of materials are very poor and for assembling you must have a full toolkit to install it. Really disappointed about this purchasing and finally ended up to trash the whole TV table and will never buy again any product from this company. You can see the photos below.
Worst table ever and a wast of money! No e if my parts match and the screws are in the wrong side of the damn table!
Do not buy this unless you have the patience of a saint or the luck of the irish. Lining up the tiny little threaded piece with a screwdriver while trying to line up the bolt is for some reason absolutely impossible on this set. I've done those before, I've built cribs and dressers and desks and book cases and even other beds. I'm convinced that the manufacture didn't quite drill in the placement holes all the way so you cant line up the two pieces. Putting things together was perfectly smooth until this part. After about 2 hours I only had 3 in and I quit. It's just not worth it. There is something wrong because I am not this uncoordinated.
So far, we are still waiting for delivery on this item. What happened to the 2-day guarantee?
horrible...sent it back. couldn't put it together it was so flimsy and cheap
Arrived today and even though it's vacuumed sealed it is damp in spots and reeks of mildew. Don't know how I will return since it's uncoiled.
Returned. It is too tall for any barstools. It's a great height for standing only.
So getting the frame was such an issue. I ordered it prior to my summer vacation. The bed was lost and rerouted and didn't arrive until a week after my arrival. While it was on it's long detour the box of course was destroyed. I had to return it because it was missing pieces. Talk about a let down.
Very small. Not worth the price
This thing sucks! It doesn't lean back and the armrest are really low.
I haven't put the product together yet. I'm just upset about the way it was delivered. The package was opened at both ends and left on my doorstep. I'm hoping all the parts are in the box or I'll be asking for a refund. Terrible!
Just like everybody else - it did look good and work well for 5 months part-time use and then the welds on the weel broke while the doctor was with the patient. It was never used by anyone heavier than 200lbs.
This bed is awful. Not one single drawer has stayed together, they fall apart as soon as you try to open them. This happened almost immediately after being put together. Huge waste of money.
Very disappointed... Bought a Runner grip and a 4x6 and my rugs are not gripping! Spent over 100 bucks and want to return asap it have someone contact us in a fix!
If there was an option to give no stars I would, I have been given 4 different arrival dates and they have all been surpassed and even when the company was contacted ot took forever for a response very difficult to communicate with and that's even if you ever even get the product.
I initially liked the bed when I built it, which was pretty effortless. That being said... it's super noisy. The support in the middle actually makes the weight shift from side to side making a bunch of noise, even with the most minimal movement.
We purchased the table to match these chairs and never received the bottom part of the table. We only received the top. Can someone either ship the missing parts or refund us for the table since we can use the table. We have tried emailing with no response.
I'm honestly disappointed. I thought the dresser as a whole was supposed to be white but received an oak frame with the drawers white. The assembly was TERRIBLE. Took way longer than it should have. Truly disappointed due to it not being all white even though the image shows an all white dresser. Smh.
The order arrived on time but once I tried to assemble the product, none of the holes were lining up so the screws did not fit properly. I called for assistance multiple times and no one seemed to be of any assistance. Do not waste your money on this product! I couldn't give it 0 stars or I would have but just know that 1 star is really a 0.
Do not order these chairs. They arrived late, in a damaged box and rusty. Trying to get them back into the damaged box was a nightmare and customer service was not helpful. The whole experience was the most disappointing one I've ever had through amazon. If I could give these a zero star I would.
Received this item and the marble part was broken. This wouldn't be nearly as much of an issue if this company wasn't greedy and would actually send me another table. All they would do is send me a $16 partial refund. Stay away.
One of the wheel broke ,used only four to five times .
This rug did not come as shown, The trim is baby blue! I would give it zero stars if that was an option.
There were two cuts on the back of couch.
Pretty stupid to have a folding chair that can't fold :(
Coloring comes off, cheaply made. Don't waste your money!
Disappointed in the product
Sucks couldn't even put the thing together without the cheap dowels breaking in half and getting stuck in the wood.
One of the legs broke a few months into use. Very fragile. The middle has also sunk into itself.
The chair is made out of garbage quality material, the arm broke on me the first day I had it and the legs all snapped less than a year later.
This chair came in a broken taped up box and the seat was missing. Amazon says they can't send the part. Awful
Lasted a month and half. I was moving it, tripped slightly, and ripped it in half. Not the fabric either, the screws ripped right out of the wood. It was not exactly very much force either. I didn't even stumble, just shifted my weight awkwardly and it broke. Cheap product with poor build quality. Would not recommend.
Sorry, I know I am beyond my window for return but I was busy moving and wanted to use this in my new place. Screws would have been nice.
Not wide enough to fit in my queen bed frame. Had to reassemble the old wood slats and set this on top. Will see if that works but dimensions are not queen size.
This product never came. I was only notified that they canceled my order AFTER the promised delivery date. My money was refunded but I am still very angry.
Came in the mail busted, can't work around it so now just have a pile of useless pieces. Will try to mail back soon.
I absolutely loved this mattress topper when I first received it. Unfortunately, after a couple of months I noticed a few small tears in it. Now they have gone completely through the mattress topper. I followed all care instructions and there should be no reason for this to tear.
I have a conformation that this was delivered to me personally yet I work until 6pm everyday and was not at home so I never received the this product. Will some one please assist me on this
The screw holes are too small to get the correct screws through. Impossible to build, let alone assess as a unit. I just missed the return date. Buy it and see for yourself. What a waste of time. Amazon really is full of junk theses days. Zero quality control.
We never received this item. On the day of delivery it updated to delayed with no ETA. After two days, it now states it WAS delivered however it never was. HELP.
Worked well for almost 4 months, now it started lowering itself unexpectedly.
This didn't even stay stuck to my hardwoods for 48 hours.
Product came broken do not buy
Really sad this desk came damaged. The frame was disconnected from the top, the sides and corners were damaged beyond compare. I had read the reviews about problems with shipping but thought I'd take the chance. It definite needs to have better packing for shipping.
no where to attach item no loop or could not use
I didn't get this product
This product like all other reviews before me have said, is extremely easy to assemble. That is if all the parts were correctly sent. One of the frames holding to surface up had a defect. Instead of have 4 screw holes as indicated in the instructions manual.. I had three screw holes.. one of which did not even line up with the other part. I have sent an email to their support but have not received a response yet. Until the company has resolve this issue, my review will continue to be 1 Star.
The size was perfect according to the description. It came on time but none of the holes lined up for the top of the desk. I reached out to the company and got NO RESPONSE. Trust the reviews, don't waste your money.
please please measure your bed frame prior to purchase. This is not a standard size. Did not fit our bed frame and amazon will not allow returns. Honestly, I would just spring the little extra money and get a box spring.
After only less than 3 years the micro thin layer of leather they put on this thing is already flaking off. I am an amazon prime member and I just got an amazon store card. If anyone from Amazon is reading this I would like a full refund for this piece of garbage I am now stuck with.
BAD PRODUCT THIS IS NOT A WIG
Will not buy this again. Terrible condition when it arrived.
Painting was not dried even after the shipping.
Need to be made out of something other than plastic. They break way too easily.
First off, Amazon was wonderful in helping me settle this issue. Can't say anything good of the rocking chair manufacturer. This is a picture of the replacement part. Yep, it was broken just like the first part. Company rep was not helpful and was rude. Don't waste your money!
when furniture arrived the box was very damaged. during assemble I noticed the edging was cracked so I contacted Amazon who agreed to send us a replacement. a half hour later we contacted Amazon again to say not to bother sending a replacement because we have already assembled the stand and didn't want to take it apart but instead would like the discount they originally offered. Amazon agreed. yesterday I was billed over $400.00 for the replacement stand that was never returned. I never had the replacement stand delivered and I'm demanding a refund! this is absurd especially since it's almost 2 months since I ordered the original!
The board (the back one) split when I put the screws. It was cheaper to get rid off it than ship it back
I never got my item, says it delivered but never got a sheet saying delivery attempted and no one every came to my house to even deliver I was home all day the day it was suppose to show.
Wish I could say but this didn't have instructions unless I'm missing it? I've checked every piece and box and nothing ...now what?
Did not receive in time
This came without any screws or hardware to assemble it. I unpacked the whole thing to see if I could find them somewhere in the box, but there aren't any. Now I can't repack it to return.
We bought this for our guest room and it was hardly used. The assembly and aesthetic of the unit are great, but the safety is not. After very mild use, we had a few friends sitting on it and it completely broke. Wood pieces, metal, and screws all just literally fell out. Don't buy this, it's not worth the injury.
Both of these handles broke within a month, not very sturdy and they didnt last
I have purchased these three separate times. The first time, they were so amazing and I still think they are. I use them on a runner in my kitchen and it doesn't move. The problem is that the next two times I ordered them, they were different each time. They got progressively worse and the last ones were horrible. They didn't keep my rug in place for even two days! For this reason, I can not recommend them to anyone. I don't know why they keep changing them. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Bent up frame! Recvd crap!!!!! Welding job is shot out! Please pass this up! Not a good buy at all its so bad!
Very upset to see that the box and couch were both damaged. I have to return. This one and get another one delivered.
Do not buy this bed. The first night my husband and I set it up it started breaking. He sat on the edge and the support bars underneath BENT. In the middle of the night we awoke to a loud bang. The whole bed was sagging. We has to go out and buy wood supports to be able to use this and it still feels rickety. It looks nice though.
The clips are not holding well enough :(
This broke after two months of use.
Terrible. Arrived halfway destroyed then find out it wont even fit my Calking anyways as it describe. Will never buy from them again. Dont waste your money buy another product spend more money. It will be worth it.
sticks in tile grout lines horrible no better then stock wheels.
Faux Wood Stickers to cover screw holes, odd assembly logic, and generally substandard quality only appreciated by photo, not reality.
The delivery on this was messed up twice. I finally got a confirmation that it would be delivered Tuesday before 8pm. It has been pouring rain all day long. So I've have been looking outside every 30 minutes to check if it has been delivered because Amazon is never on top of that. Well, the JERKS (I'd like to use more colorful language) HIDE the box on the side of my house. Who the crap does that? It's POURING RAIN and you put my package on the side of my house where there are no windows and you can't see it from the front door?! That is a huge dick move. This whole thing is ruined. There were FOUR cars in the driveway and you didn't even have the decency to ring the doorbell knowing that it was pouring rain and the package would be ruined if it was outside for too long. Why wouldn't you put it by the front door? It's like you purposefully wanted it to be destroyed. I mean who is That much of an ASS for no reason?! Total waste of money Do Not Buy! I bought a similar bed CHEAPER from Macys and the delivery guy had the decency to knock on the door to let me know the package was there. Thanks for nothing Amazon and company.
Wasn't bad at first besides the few scratches and dents in wood but after a month the bottom to drawers will not stay in. I have took the drawers apart to have to put the bottoms in again only for them to fall out.
Chipped in several places but the box is not defect. It should be found when in the factory, poor quality control! WORSE is that the tray is wobble. Such a fragile tray! Extremely NOT RECOMMEND!!!
Been trying to return product since I got it, it arrived in a damaged box, ups guy brought it in and helped me take it out the busted box, the plastic was already ripped open and a huge like wet coffee spot was on it as I'm pulling it apart. I thought it would be comfortable, but it's not. It's the worst investment I made. I should've checked around before purchasing from this company. The delivery guy made it seem like he tried to deliver it several times I had to wait 2 extra days, saying they missed delivery. I'm so disappointed in this product. I want a refund and to refund it. My elderly grandparents says their back and neck hurt even worse on it. This was a horrible mistake to purchase this product from this company.
Poorest quality EVER. Pieces came damaged. Replacement pieces came with knicks and scratches. Paid a lot of money for junk!!!!
The product arrived in good shape, but there were several items missing. We were missing a couple of parts, all of the hardware, as well as the instructions. Had to return the whole item.
You can clearly see these are different in size and color and they will not let me do a return??? Do not order from them it takes forever to get and then if you don't like it they won't let you return it! That's not a way to run a business!!
1 chair already broke and the other ones are not far behind it! Will never by from this company again!
I Received a used can that had obviously been opened previously so it leaked all over the box... and it arrived late.
It is not sturdy at all!!!! I thought it would be ok because I was going to be putting it against a wall, but it is still wobbly and creaks A LOT!!!! There are also some marks on it that will not come off!
Placed my order in January and a month later never received it called them for my refund and they are still giving me the run around STAY AWAY!
There was no directions. I am so confused.
I have already mailed the item back the same day that I got it.
Too soft, gives me such a backache and the foam takes forever to fluff up again. Unless you want squishy and flat I would not recommend this
Just too uncomfortable for me. The wheels stick and the arms feel like they could bend and break easily.
This was the worst product ever!!!! It is impossible to get all the shelves level. Please share with me if you have any suggestions since I've missed the return date(which I wasnt aware of) by 1 day. Such a nightmare!!!
the bed frame cannot be assembled. Screw holes of the two connecting pieces don't line up. I just started putting this frame together and 4 out of 8 holes didn't align, it can't be put together properly.
I never received this by seller, it was shipped to my state of Ky, then I find out by FedEx that BEFORE it was sent out for delivery to my county the seller contacted FedEx and wanted this mattress returned to them. I am awaiting an answer. We waited all day for FedEx , showed on my phone it was delivered so when I contact FedEx they said it was signed by person at Facility that it would be delivered back to seller. She verified it was never sent to my county or to us !
It was used already, scratched and rusted! I got and shipped it back the next day. I would give this zero stars if it existed. Please BEWARE but if you DO BUY, PLEASE CHECK EVERYTHING to make sure it isn't used and rusted.
Dont buy product wasted my money on this cheap ass bed..cheap ass wood box spring broke already from changing bed around..queen size that
Markers were dried up when they arrived.
Product came in a damaged, wet box. When we opened it the desk was broken in pieces.
360 degree shows pink on both sides of center panel. Oackage does not.
Almost everything in the description of this product is a lie: There are no drawer lights, there are no USB ports, and the Bluetooth function won't work because the table doesn't charge properly. Additionally, the table is very wobbly and the white came with a brown stain on it. This seller clearly has no integrity by the way they blatantly lie about the specifics and quality of their product. My return request has been pending for a while now. Save yourself the trouble and don't buy.
The worse product I ever get from here If you don't want to get upset don t buy this product It literally broke down in less than 1 month of use I just wish I could have my money back , because it doesn't worth any cents I spent on it If I could I would give 0 stars
I had to air this rug out for around 4 weeks before I brought it in the house to use. It took another 2 weeks before I didn't notice the chemical smell anymore. I paid around $50.00 for a 8x10. Great price.. Cheap rug..
I have been charged for this item and still have not recieved my package and have no any to contact the seller....not happy.
I ordered this because for the price, it seemed like a great value for a King. The headboard is not the taller one as pictured. I did not receive instructions. Not in the box or attached in the headboard as others commented. If not for a YouTube video I found, I probably would not have been able to assemble. One of the side rails was damaged, but to avoid the inconvenience of returning a large piece, I placed that end against the wall. One of the holes on the foot board had the fabric sewn over and I had to cut it before I could screw in the foot. Overall a lot of things wrong with this bed. What do you expect for a $200 King though? It looks nice enough in my room, so I'll take this as a learning experience and never purchase from this company again.
I received the wrong rug. Wrong size and pattern. Returned and reordered. Hopefully I will receive the correct one this time around.
The only reason I didn't send it back was that I'd already assembled it. You can do better for half the price.
I'm actually very angry the product I purchased was never came. It makes me reconsider prime membership completely..
I ordered this coffee table to go in my living room. The setup was quick and easy. However, after completely putting the table together we discovered that it was actually very small and looked very cheap. It reminded me of a kids play table.
Came damaged... what a waste of money!
This table is not what it appears to be in the picture. After opening this nightmare of a box, I discovered the table is not actually real wood, but particular board with veneer. The legs aren't even solid, they each consist of sliding 4 pieces of wood together to make one leg. There will be visible screw holes everywhere. I am in the process of returning this as it wasn't what is represented at all. Additionally, the box came with corner pieces all around it that are glued on to prevent damage and after removing those, there is glue left on the box and it got all over my lanai where I was unpacking the box. Now I have to get that crap off. if you buy this, unpack it somewhere outside because glue will get on the floor if you bring it inside.
The overall quality is good. I received a damaged piece and simply asked for a replacement. I got push back asking for photos and then saying they might not be able to get a part. Really?
Opened the box and got damaged product. The product quality is pretty cheap.
Terrible instructions. The parts don't fit together and the colors don't match. Pretty mad that these people can't do their only job and send the right parts. Seriously so idiotic.
The brass hardware provided for attaching the legs to the seat, and the screws for attaching the shelf are all very ill-fitting. At full tightness, there's easily more than 1/4" sticking out, meaning that the legs can never be firmly attached. There's way too much space for washers, you'd need 3-4 of them. On the legs, because the legs are at an angle and not perpendicular to the shelf, the screws for holding the shelf stick up in a way that could snag towels or clothing. The wood should have been counter-sunk. Yes, you can over-tighten and try to compress the wood, but that could result in splintering. With the right hardware and better woodworking preparation, this could be a really good unit. I'm not going to return it, because I can go to the hardware store and find replacement bolts/screws that should be fine. But most folks will probably (and justifiably) return it rather than making extra efforts to compensate for their inadequate materials.
Terrible. Our product came missing a vast majority of the pieces.
The tables are depicted as if the larger table is a tad bit taller and it is not. Also the directions are horrible you just have to go on a whim when assembling.
Absolutely horrible product. Legs warp easily and shipped without middle bar. Do not buy, the low price is most definitely not worth it
I bought this bed is it convenient disassembling. I received it packaging is very heavy. Three people carry it upstairs. May not be familiar with the process It took me two hours to install it. But it is incomplete. This makes me very disappointed. There are 3 steel bar could not match. In the middle of the rail gap is too big screw to help them links. Sellers can changing the spare parts but more than 100 pounds of packaging can't waste a lot of time for me So if you want to buy. Please consider carefully
Only received seat cushion. NO legs NO assembly parts. No contact number available to reach company. Extremely disappointed with purchase!
Broke after one month
I bought this chair in june of 2018 and the chair wont stay up and I barely used it the problem they only want to know when you purchase products
The quality is poor and looks rather cheap. I tried to return the product but got tired going back and forth with the seller.. these side tables are no win my garage.
When you order a mattress, likely the most vital "need" in life from Amazon. You expect for it to arrive on time to Amazon's guarantee. $450 in hotel fees and 48 hours later, I did not receive this mattress as guaranteed. Amazon, the seller and USPS violated their agreement. I think that it is a terrible thing when corporate America is not willing to take accountability for their actions, hence my need to leave this review. I would propose just going to a mattress store and ordering something or going direct to the supplier.
The Sofa futon is great to look at. Overall a big disappointment. The sofa futon had several broken holes and screws. The drawers don't fit correctly and fall off all of the time. The black is lovely it's a little too low to the ground for me. Easy to put together. I tried to return it but they wouldn't take it back so a waste of 175 dollars.
Unfortunately, the adhesive was not sticky enough for me to feel comfortable using it. I sent it back.
Only one of these wheels has a lock and so any sideways force causes the chair to rotate more or less in place. Why didn't they make at least two of the wheels with locks!?
This was our third room divider from the same dealer. The other two were much smaller. They seem to be adequate for what we use them for. One sections the paper has wrinkled and some of the hinges are loose but overall adequate. Now one problem we encountered with this item that we did not have with the other two is a strong smell of formaldehyde. That's what I said formaldehyde. The outside of the box even indicates that they used formaldehyde when making this and the other two room dividers. The odor on this one was so strong that we had to place it in our sunroom windows open to get rid of the odor. Factually, we had not even read the box the last two purchases because their just wasn't any odor, I still had the box from the last order and sure enough it too said formaldehyde, I think the seller should make us aware that they used formaldehyde, especially since since this is know to cause some medical problems. Had I know ahead of time I don't think I would have made these purchases. California requires a Prop 65 warning on the item which was on the box. I have COPD and this certainly can affect those without breathing problems, formaldehyde is also thought to cause cancer. Because this wasn't disclosed until after I made the purchase I give it one star. Hopefully leaving it in my sunroom with windows open will get rid of the odor and make it safer to use.
Ordered a red chair got a gray one. Smh.
Cute table but it was delivered with large scratches to the finish. Disappointing to say the least.
Over 100 lbs. Unable to get upstairs let alone just into the house. Tried to return but the are charging me almost half of the cost. Very disappointed and not sure what I will do with it. No more purchases from Amazon.
Horrible! Don't buy this if you love your child! Fell apart in few months!!
Worst Amazon seller ever (Bargain Ben) - I'm an Amazon prime customer for over 10 years, never seen a seller who refuse to take back their damaged item.He asked me to pay to ship it back which will be more than the cost of the product. Received the bed all broken - seller refused to send a prepaid shipping label to send it back. Going back and forth with Amazon customer service over a month ago. Do not bother buying from Bargain Ben
I purchased one of these trees to put in a pot on my front porch which is under cover. When I opened the package, I knew it was going right back. It was sparse looking and looked cheap and pitiful. Don't waste your time and money.
As others have reported, the instructions are not that great and the parts are not labelled. However, It isn't too difficult to figure out the correct layout by looking at the pictures. Mine arrived damaged and Amazon had to step in and send me a replacement as it was ineligible for return...not really sure why. What I would point out is that this unit is rather poorly constructed. I seriously doubt it will last very long which is rather disappointing given the price. Had I seen it beforehand I would have kept looking.
I'm so so disappointed in these chairs. Unboxed them loved the look and they are very comfortable. Not even a week later they are covered in rust. Every bar on the chair has rust and we haven't even used them.
Dresser came damaged. I requested a replacement; will update review after.
Sooo ridiculously small! Really disappointed!
It is difficult to wedge the EZ move under furniture that sits on carpet, or without scratching a wood floor. You have to lift the furniture and place it on the little wedge before you can lift anything. If I could do that, I would not have ordered EZ move. The sliders are nice, but I already had some of those.
The price is cheap.felt horrible the next day,my body hurting so bad...didn't like it..
This bed is very uncomfortable. It feels like if you lay too far to either side you will roll off of it. It doesn't seem very well made and i am very disappointed in this product.
Directions for this item are not detailed or complete. Screws were missing for the second bed planks. My son and I struggled with it for three days. It looks relatively nice now that its put together and is stable for him. I wouldn't recommend for heavier people. I think with the complicated directions and lack of materials, it's overpriced. My least favorite Amazon purchase to date.
Absolutely terrible- maybe I got a defective one, but went to put it together and it is literally impossible because the rack doesn't line up to the holes in the legs, the screw holes in the cushion are not in a straight line so the support piece does don't screw in. If amazons customer service wasn't so good I would still be trying to put this piece of garbage together. They thankfully gave me a refund and I threw this right out.
The mice/rats totally evaded the trap and to add insult to injury “they” somehow managed to eat the peanut butter in the receptacle in the middle of the trap. So I'm sorry to say no stars.
The rug I got arrived with a pink stripe along the side. I had to use a carpet cleaner to try to get it out right when I opened it. It didn't fully come out but I didn't return it in time, now I'm stuck with it.
These arrived broken. Will not purchase again.
Poor quality. Gray in color versus white. Terrible hanging hardware if you plan to rack coats. Cheap pine wood. Buy the hooks and make it yourself for a fraction of the cost.
I recieved this order but it wasn,t the right size
Sides didn't fully inflate
Too small and very poor material
I never received this item!!!!!
The item was not described as distressed, but we noted two gouges exposing the cheap plywood construction that lies beneath. The shipping box was not damaged, so we're fairly certain this is either the design, or an indication of poor craftsmanship. Either way, this was dissatisfying. Also, the rivet pieces around the box - they look really nice, as long as they don't fall off onto the floor. They're held on with finishing nails. A fact I discovered after I nearly stepped on one that had fallen off as we unboxed it. One of them seemed to be missing from the point of manufacture - it wasn't in the box. The buckle on the front doesn't align properly - it is getting returned.
Never received - delivered to the wrong house!
I thought this chair would be a great buy but sadly i was disappointed. I ordered it because I suffer from lower back pain and have struggled to find comfort when writing software and playing games. This chair caused more pain in my lower back and now have to find a new chair and sell this one. It is very comfortable and has everything it states if you are the right size person. There are some key issues to note. The seat is extremely long so if you have short legs it becomes extremely uncomfortable and cuts off circulation, because the seat is so long it makes you want to scoot forward to feel comfortable with your legs/knees but this causes you to lean back father than anticipated, because you are forced to lean back more even with the chair straight up, your arms slide back with you and away from your desk, and because you have to do this you end up wanting to scoot the chair forward but you can't because the arm rests are positioned to far forward and hit your desk. The chair is meant for a taller person and thats coming from someone who is 5'11 with normal proportions. If you are taller than that then this is a great chair! I am waiting to hear from customer service as am I trying to return the product before I damage my lower back even more.
Legs are uneven. Rather than return my husband had to adjust the legs.
Does not tell you anywhere that this is just a mirror
I bought this to refill a bean bag that had gone flat after a couple years of use. At first, the refill worked great and our bean bag seemed good as new. However, it was clear after using the bean bag for only a week or so (mostly by a 4-year old) that the little foam balls had gone flat and not bounced back to their former shape. We now need to buy another refill. :( Unfortunately, this was a complete waste of money.
Cheers very uncomfortable it doesn't vibrate very well and it definitely does not heat up at all
This item was never delivered. The photo shows another item I ordered.
I was very disappointed with these chairs despite the reviews. Did not hold the weight of 175 pounds. They went straight to the trash. Bought another set from overstock.com. They are perfect.
Not necessarily a product issue, but the box was half ripped open when we recieved it, and the instructions were missing. We are not sure if any parts are missing, because of course, there is also no parts list. Going to try and find instructions somewhere
Good luck to anyone trying to put these up. Just trying to untangle them from out of the box is giving me anxiety. I wouldn't recommend these.
Said they would support over 400lbs. Wrong! Small! Small!
They were very thin and the corners of the runners were curled up when we rolled them out!
I wish I could review this product, but it was delivered to the wrong address and I'm trying to get it back. Once I do, I'll update my review.
Not comfortable at all.
Don't buy this. Was sent a dining room runner when I ordered an area rug and the company and Amazon won't let me return it. Also, description does not match pictures, it is much lighter pastel than described. Looks cheaper than it is. Super disappointed, total waste of money.
Poor quality and a lot smaller than expected. Only holds socks in one draw and underwear in another
The doors came in cracked (see picture)! Very disappointed!
this rug fell apart after a week....returned and didn't re-order
Didn't really like the product , but I guess you get what you pay for
I bought 4 tables and all were defective. They were warped in the middle, had areas where the mounding has come through, or were creased on the edge. They don't lock in the center.
Received item timely. Box was undamaged but unfortunately the table top has a dent in one of the slats. Disappointed item was not properly inspected before boxing. I love the table and was just as described but returning may cost just as much as the express shipping I paid for. Combined would cost just as much as the table itself.
not worth the price+shipping. don't buy
Way to complicated, returned
Product came in a beaten box. Product was chipped. Not worth its money. I had soMe one make it up for me or I would of returned. Don't bother buying it. The white packaging was covered in piece all over the parts. Leaving the room covered in packaging.
This arrived In pieces. Most of the welds were broken. The joints are made of pot metal which when welded turn brittle. The broken pieces were in a bag in the bottom of the box so it was packed broken. Not damaged in shipping. If you want furniture that's going to last don't buy this.
Cheap wood and didn't receive all the part
It was a piece of crap, the parts did not fit. I ordered two and gave them both away. We didn't even open the other box.
Stopped working and we just set it up in our nursery
I purchased this bench as a “like new!” product and though it seems to have very minimal wear, what really upset me was seeing washers and screws falling out of the box. Upon opening the box, there was a mess of hardware rolling around the bottom. Thank goodness for whoever returned this item left the instructions with a piece count. It's not a big deal to replace the missing pieces but whoever “inspected” this box is not doing their job properly. I did not contact the manufacturer, this is an amazon issue. Other than the missing pieces, I really love the bench! I suggest buying it full price so you get all your screws and washers!
I ordered a medium firm mattress. It is hard as a rock. My guests won't sleep on it. I hate complaining because the price was good
The bottom of the chair is complete trash. The part that is supposed to latch onto the bottom part of the chair tore, so the seat won't even stay on the wheeled bottom. Waste of money
I fell in love with this as soon as I saw it and couldn't wait for it to arrive. Unfortunately it was not only not handled well by the carrier it was packaged poorly. It arrived with multiple sites of damage. Much more than I am able to overlook. I have requested a return and am waiting now to see just how good their customer service really is. Fingers crossed because like I said I really love the piece but something has to be done to improve the packaging!!
Missing brackets in the base frame that is supposed to hold the back frame in place. The left bottom frame had the brackets, the right bottom frame was missing the brackets. This caused the back to flop around and twist. Called customer service included in the paperwork and was advised to return it. So I did.
This seller is a fraud NOONE SHOULD BUY FROM HIM! His chairs came broken and we've been sitting with it for over 2 months! DONT BUY THESE CHAIRS
THIS IS NOT WATERPROOF!! I watch a little boy overnight with some medical issues that makes him have accidents. Every time he has an accident, it leaks through this mattress cover and not just a little bit, like I have no protector on it at all. Now I'm hoping that my brand new mattress isn't ruined because this product doesn't work at all!
I have this stool not even one year, the hydraulic bar is not functioning
With the time it takes to assemble this light as a feather, cheaply made THING... you could have made your own coat stand with recycled materials. In fact, I suggest it. This THING, is crap. Poorly planned, crap. It comes with screws .... to screw into holes... in the lightweight metal? It defies all logic. There is nothing holding this thing together and i sadly bought TWO of them for my new apartment. Don't make my mistake. Go make your own coat rack... shoot- tap a nail into the wall like they did in the good old days. Just don't buy this Thing.
Received wrong item and when asked to rerurn has to pay shipping
Garbage and too big to return. Came falling appart.
I expected cheap, but at the very minimum expected instructions. None were included. This ended up being so frustrating!
I returned the product. The Q&A said it would work fora rug on top of carpeting as well s hard flooring. It did not.
I don't like to write bad reviews but i must save someone a headache if they think of buying from this company. I dont even know where to start. First off they gave me one couch and didnt send the other. Customer service doesnt understand english! And when they did send me the other couch it had missing parts or was a different color. Uh the worst purchase ive ever made... I keep giving them chances but nope they couldn't get it right!!! I had to return everything, man was it hard to make some big boxes to send them back... Yes i got my refund happy they didnt mess that up!
ugly poor made small table dont buy
This was all beat up when I got it, glad it was so cheap because it was unusable. It might work fine if you get one that does not look like they dragged it behind the delivery truck.
This is my 2nd review as I was called on my cell phone and begged to remove my first one and promised they would rectify the situation wither by sending me the correct tables or issuing a 50% refund. The tables I received were 4-6 inches shorter and wider than described. This was my 2nd time buying these tables so I knew what I was suppose to have! Some guy called me on Sunday and begged me to delete my review in exchange for him resolving my issue and I never heard back form anyone! Total RIPOFF!!
Plastic slides broke instantly after mounting 90 lb. TV, and TV crashed on the floor.
This desk is so cheaply made. None of the pieces fit together very well and when I tried to make it fit a little better the pieces started to actually break and the sides cracked. And the short screws that came with it that are supposed to hold it together didn't hold it together and kept falling out . I had to improvise and use longer screws and there was also a huge knick in the top. I am not happy
I wast my money i just buy few days ago first of all its really hard to Assemble and secound lot of score is missing. When we finish the assemble its damage in the corner.
Terrible material! Couldn't put together because it came damaged. The material it came with was very cheap.
I bought this cause I thought it looked nice and relatively a good price. Building this thing was a headache though. Instructions were incorrect in multiple locations, as far as hole locations and how many holes there actually were, one of the screws going up to hold the center crossbar went straight through the top and now it's there forever, and two of the camlocks broke during installation. Some of the camlocks did not engage some of the cam bolts properly so there are either small gaps in some areas or they just broke. Also the doors are uneven with no room for adjustment. I would return this but I already assembled it. Definitely not something that will last more than a few years. If I don't burn it first.
ONLY BUY IF YOU ARE 100% SURE THEY WILL WORK. We needed to send them back because they didn't reach a certain height we needed to be compatible with a table and they charged us $22 to send us an email with the return label!! The only good thing was they were fast to reply to our return request... but I would be too if I was charging people $22 to send an email.
don't like this in real and they were going to charge me 20% to return plus around $50 for shipping it back. so i kept it. it is sitting in the box taking up space in my house. really dissapointed :(
I ordered the set of 2 and the outer trunk was completely shattered on one end.
Horrible product. Missing 5 pieces total. Only one basket was included not 3, one missing back panel, two missing shelves! The hardware bag was sliced open by the nails inside and they were all floating around inside. Really crappy product.
I decided to send this chair back because it won't allow me to put it into a position other than leaning forward. But I can't get the seat to separate from the wheels, which means I cannot fit this chair into the box it came in. I'll just have to live with this broken chair. It's not fun and after a few short minutes my tail bone starts to hurt. I may have to place something on the seat to counter the forward tilt. What a waste of time and money as I'll probably end up not being able to use this chair and have to purchase some other chair. How can they send a product without testing to see if it works?
Three of the cups were shattered. How do I get them replaced.
Do not buy these plans . The company does not keep track of them so they have no idea what you bought .
Smaller then what it looks like in the picture
I waited two weeks to receive this table. Imagine my surprise to find that the box had been delivered to me in the shape of a banana and with hundreds of shards of tempered glass floating around inside. I didn't even have to open it to know what was waiting for me. Poor protective packing? Poor handling? Probably both. The worst part about this is now I have to deal with the pickup process and wait another two weeks before I can get a replacement. No at all happy with the timing, packaging and delivery via FedEx.
Ordered 80 of these mattresses to be delivered to a motel. Our post office called and said they were at the post office we needed to come pick them up. That is not what was advertised on the web site.
Received package today. Amazon delivery left it out in the pouring rain and package and contents got soaked. Shouldn't have to dry out mattress to see if I am going to keep it or not. Very disappointed.
the shelf is fine for lite items and also only one glass shelf which in picture looks like all shelfs have glass very disappointed in item
I purchased this chair for my home office at a second residence. Issues as new: the lumbar support is awkwardly placed and not ergonomic. The mechanism that stops the chair from leaning back is loose fitting allowing some play in the chair which upsets comfort of your posture. Issues after 1 year of use: The chair is no longer usable. The frame piece that attaches the legs to the chair has fractured, is no longer safe to sit in and presents a serious safety hazard. It does not appear there is an adequate return policy to cover this defect either.
Hate the way it was delivered!
I've had this tv stand in my saved list for over a year, and was unsure if I wanted to buy it, because of some of the poor reviews. I caved when the price dropped. it was delivered nicely. I was super pleased with everything but the fact that It's MISSING BOLTS. the bolts necessary are gone. So it's sitting in a pile in the corner of my room. I contacted amazon, who kindly refunded a small part of my money and gave me the phone number of the manufacturer. I contacted the manufacturer, who said they couldn't help me and directed me to the seller. Who doesn't answer phone calls or emails. So. It's a lovely heap of scrap in the corner of my room. Overall if I was more skilled with these things, it might not be such an issue.
Very disappointed- these arrived on a rainy day and as we were not home, boxes became drenched. Because bean bags were not wrapped in plastic, entire chair was filled with water. Spend a little more on packaging - expect that weather might be inclement and package accordingly.
Loved this chair the first month then it wouldnt stay elevated and then it would lean to a side. Now its completely broken and I bought it in November. No way contact seller. I'm extremely disappointed. Btw I'm 6'2 and 240 lbs.
I purchased two of these chairs. Both arrived broken.
The order came fast but they sent a full size bed when I ordered a California king size I ordered a frame and pillow top and everything else was right now I have a frame with no mattress
The table arrived without the base. There was no information in the box, or on the box, to let me know if the base was coming in another box or not. After two days of wondering if the base was coming or not, I returned the table. Not sure where the base was or if it was ever going to come. If it was packaged separately, it should have indicated that on the box (exp. 1 of 2 boxes) or a packing slip inside should have said base is shipped separately or due to arrive. I had no idea if the base was coming or when, so I returned it.
Poor customer service. No feedback on the email sent after a week of waiting.
It's a really pretty sofa... great for the price. It arrived completely torn open. The shipping company received it like this. There was no packaging at all to protect the bottom. The wood frame on the inside of the sofa was busted as well. They won't replace this with a new sofa... totally disappointed
I purchased this coffee table and attempted to clean the top WITH WATER and the finish/color rubbed off in 3 different spots. I tried to contact Amazon and they informed me that there was no way to contact the manufacturer given it had been more than 6 months. I simply wanted to know what color/wash they used to get a sample and repair myself. Impossible to get anyway on the phone to understand
Very hard to out together. All the previous drilled holes did not line up. Took 3 hours to assemble.
I was sorely disappointed in this rug. Maybe the other high reviewers received a different product than the one I'd received but it was not what I'd expected. The quality was very poor; it's thin and not comfortable and there were a few gray colored yarn that were mistakenly sewn onto the rug. Sadly, I had to return.
I was very happy when I found this product because it appears that toilet tank covers are no longer being made; can't find any where. I was dissatisfied with the quality of this product. The fabric was coarse and the backing of the coarse rug material was very hard, and appeared to be in the beginning stages of dry rotting. Instead of the company disposing of this product and providing a full refund, they charged a restocking fee.
The picture looks much better than it is in person.
Cheap and very flimsy. I returned it.
The product is great after trying the chair I order another one but they preferred to cancel my order .Instead off apologizing for leaving my package lying in the alley at the back of the house. They prefer to cancel saying that the chair was out of stock. I consider it a discrimination. Is not my foul that they delivered driver are irresponsible,
I had hoped this product would at the very least look nice. Unfortunately, I was wrong. It has the potential to be a good product but when predrilled holes don't match and it tilts back and to the left I can't give it a good rating. Very disappointing. d holes don't match up,
It is not white!! Extremely soft but not white
I bought a chair about a year ago and use it very infrequently. At first I thought it was just the basement floor where I had it was slightly crooked but I brought it up where my other chair is and sure enough the back is actually slightly crooked. Now it's almost a year after I bought it so it's not something I can exchange but I sure wish I could. I'm leaving this review for anyone else getting this chair. CHECK THE BACK CAREFULLY. If you notice the little colored stripe from the seat cushion sticking out more on one side than the other like the image I posted, you know it's going to give you a back-ache.
Stopped working within 2 months of purchase
Cheap. Small. Not worth it
TERRIBLE! So frustrating!! A 3 year old got on this to lay down and one of the wheels broke off!!
Amazon's customer service is the best!!! They refunded in full without returning. Obviously, there is no way to get it back in the box. This mattress will not fully decompress on one end and the cover was extremely poorly made. I have purchased another Zinus mattress, as well as a Zinus platform bed and couldn't be happier with the quality of both and since I still need a mattress, will probably order the same model that I got a year ago. Thank you Amazon for standing behind the products that you sell.
I was initially excited about this bedframe because it's lightweight and simple/cute design. However, putting it together was a NIGHTMARE with a million tiny pieces and tons of bent metal. Once it was put together, it did not sit evenly on the floor and "rocks" from end to end. Worst Amazon purchase yet.
Would give this -10 stars if I could. Nothing lined up, the directions were worthless. The door does not stay closed as if the magnet is not strong enough. The doors are crooked, the drawers don't close. I can't believe I wasted $170 on this and can't return it because I bought it a month ago and we finally moved and put it together. Only to find out what a POS it is. Also, it wobbles and is not sturdy at all. I'm completely disappointed.
It's a very firm mattress, I would say medium hard to hard. I put 3" soft memory foam topper on it, so it's better, but even with it on it's still very firm
Desk was relatively sturdy for price but finish was so poor after having water on surface for about 30 seconds as it started to raining as I was sitting at it, closing the window and grabbing a towel to dry it off, the pressboard sucked up the water like there was no finish and resulted in the top being ruined. The surface was like they lightly spray painted over pressboard and not enough to seal it I. The least. I would not recommend this at all.
After much research and finally found a bed set I thought I would be very happy with. Took awhile to assemble product, had some mislabeled pieces. Second, once almost finished assembling found a california P65 label on it stating there are chemicals known to cause cancer in this product. Very unhappy this was not posted for us to know before buying the product. I have a newborn son and he shares a room with us. We would not have chosen to buy this product if we had known, and feel frustrated with the hidden information from the consumer.
I don't currently know what the couch looks like because it is sitting in a box on my porch. This couch is delivered curbside only and it says it in the fine print. It is not made clear though that this is curbside only. They sent a truck with one person who doesn't even know how to do deliveries. I am very unhappy about this because I am a single person living in a house and I do not have help bringing in furniture. They should realize that not everyone has lots of people living in the house that can help carry it in. The previous couch I got from Amazon was so lightweight that I could move it around myself, but not this one.
A disastrous product. The file drawers are 17 inches deep, but only open far enough to expose 11.5 inches of the files within. When the filled drawers are opened, the whole cabinet tilts forward, like a sinking ship. Other file cabinets either have counterweights at the back or are of heavy enough construction to keep them level when the file drawers are out. Not this one!
Only one box arrived that says box 1/2, the second one never came.
This is, by far, the least comfortable chair I have ever owned. I am a fit 5'10" 185lbs without any back issues. I have tried adjusting the Steelcase Leap in every possible way, but my butt and legs fall asleep after 15 minutes and the lumbar support is like a spiked brick digging into my spine. I hate that I wasted so much money on this thing. I work at a computer 8-10 hours a day and thought that I was making a solid investment in my health. I was wrong.
i was so up set when i got it it was all broken up parts was missing i tryed to put it together it full apart even the box that it came in was open it was bad it was so many part's broken i had make 2 trips to the dumper
I give you only 1 star. Bad product. Poorly drilled holes do not line up making it impossible to assemble this piece. I'm returning but can only be refunded up to $3.99 . . . That is robbery. 1 star will remain until you make things right. Poor form!
I bought this bed 10 days ago and now it's $70 cheaper. I would like a price adjustment.
This table has pre-drilled holes that are too large for any of the hardware. The screws just fall straight out. I requested a refund, and the seller forced me to pay shipping for the return of the defective product. I am out an additional $35 in shipping and I still have not received my refund.
Easy to assemble. Looks great. Sturdy, Good back support. I love those stools.The PU leather cushion is very comfortable.The cushions are nice and soft to sit on I would recommend this product to others.
You must slide these plastic things to gether . Fell apart !!!! Just aweful .Never Again!!!!
Front leg, part A, wood was split third of leg. The other stool is perfect. Unable to get just a replacement leg. Need to return entire product.
This mattress is literally just a metal spring mattress. You can feel them in the sides of the bed. And you better like firm beds because its like sleeping on a stone slab.
I waited over 2.5 months to receive the couch And only got one response from the third party sellers when asking for information about receiving the delivery. I was basically told they could not control the postal system. After waiting way longer than I thought reasonable I tried contacting them to no avail. This was not worth my time and money. Amazon however was not the problem the company selling the item is.
i have owned five different versions of this backless chair loved them all but this is the most expensive one i have ever bought and a total piece of crap right out of the box. all the knee pad screw areas were stripped and i do not like the rocker. we did not put it together for a couple weeks of it being delivered being too busy, or i would have insisted on returning and then the packaging was gone. so disappointed.
At least one chair came broken; and most of the chairs were different, some totally different from what we ordered and from each other. I assume that whomever just randomly selected 3 packs of chairs at random and shipped them.
Piece of junk. You put a battery in it and it runs for 5 or 10 minutes then stops. Take the battery out, put in back in, you get another 5 minutes.
Came with no legs!! Very dissapointed. To add, i has to open 4 size boxes just to open the package.
This product evidently is packaged for handling by white glove delivery - ordered and returned twice due to damage in delivery.
I bought this at a gift. We put it together but 2 of the chairs came damaged. I have reported it to the seller.
Glass was broken when delivered.
I have used this the Seresto collars for the following two years. I saw on the reviews that people who had use this caller found it work just like Seresto. I have to say that after 2 1/2 weeks I still find fleas on the dogs. When with the Seresto I never saw a flea, tick nothing. needless to say I'll be returning these.
Pattern is way off,I didn't finish it because it was not looking like the image,the dragonfly was missing a wing,no greenery and no center for flowers, I was very disappointed.
Typical Chinese pressed wood quality, almost impossible to put together and even after putting together it wouldn't hold up. Looks nicer on the pictures than I'm reality. Go to IKEA or elsewhere.
Full disclosure, my item arrived broken where the crossbar(the piece that locks into the adjustment grooves on the base) attaches to it's legs. Had it not arrived already broken, I doubt it would have lasted long. The wood used for the item is much too lightweight for the weight-bearing application. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
The middle support legs appear to have not been welded straight on one side. The other sides are supported like they should except for the middle legs. Makes me wonder how long these were last structurally.
Really cheap, leather around buttons peeled off in a month!
Don't waste your money. This is a very cheap shelf. Shelf made from ???? Not Wood. Buy something better quality !
If I could give 0 stars I would! This product was a total waste of money. Came to me completely unusable and the adhesive was already coming off the magnet. Will NEVER order this product again nor anything from this company.
My carpet came torn in some places. I wasn't even going to bother with a review but here it is.
Great aesthetics but very poor material and overall construction. As noted by at least one other review, the trundle will not properly fit.
You can't return this item and it's garbage. Literally garbage. I ordered two of them and the second I opened it I new it was a mistake. Now I forced myself to use them but every time I look at them I resent the seller and hate myself
Never received it. No replies back. It was a gift from my father. I keep getting the runaround. Not worth the money!
It was broke when I received it and I sent message where I bought it from and nobody has responded back. Very dissatisfied. Stephanie
Warning!! They don't pack this product so that when ups delivers it it's not broken. Twice I ordered this piece to compliment the other one I bought a year ago. Not sure why they changed packing methods but twice it showed up broken. Amazon wanted me to repack it and send back broken but I escalated to a manager and explained the condition it was in and so I ended up tossing it into a dumpster. Total waste other than I think the guys who drive around surfing the dumpsters for stuff took it. I hope. Total hassle.
Not half as big as the picture shows. I waited 2 days hoping it would fluff up, but it hasnt. Way too much money for the size it is. It looks flat.
Was damaged and cheap!! Never purchase again
Product may be great. Box delivered during rain storm without ringing or knocking on door. Box and contents damaged.
Poor quality, pieces are not marked and the instructions are incomplete....what's not to hate? I bought 3. I've assembled one. Took hours , broke a piece and am not happy with it. Started to assemble #2 and have pieces missing. So I've contacted the seller for a refund. Keeping fingers crossed since I bought them in December
Arrived with missing plastic piece that goes at bottom of stool. Called company. They said they'll send the part. It's about 1 oz. they sent 2 new stools!!!! Now I have to return the amazon set and this second set! Because in the meantime I bought others from a friend!
The keyboard drawer is a joke. You can't pull it out and if you do it falls right off the track and into your hands. Otherwise, it is spacious, somewhat easy to assemble, and has plenty of leg room. Would not use the word 'sturdy' to describe this item. Ok for the money though.
I felt headache and pain in my eyes and nose 1 hour after I put it in my room. Tried to return but I have to carry this big thing to UPS store. Why such poisonous product can be sold?
Cheap wood. After a few months screws started getting lose because they would tear into the wood and the chair would get wobbly. Eventually no amount of glue could help keep this cheap thing together. It looks nice and is fairly comfortable but it's cheap and will fall apart.
Colors were good but it was thin and cheap material and backing
This was a horrible little bed frame. It was about 5 inches narrower than my mattress and the mattress slide all over the place. The middle supports do nothing - they don't stand up perpendicular with any sort of use. Forth, after less than a year of light use it completely fell apart. If you're looking for a good cheap bed frame I recommend Zinus Sonnet Metal Platform Bed - It's worked out great for us.
It is made with cheap particle board, can barely hold a screw, certainly will not withstand a couple sleeping... on it . One part that's about 2" wide broke the minute we pulled out of box. Don't waste your money.
I would not buy again it isn't sturdy, the bottom wood pieces move waste of money! They didn't even send the right one
First of all the assemble process is a not even worth writing about. As we opened the box and placed all the parts on my wood floor. The first thing was one of the boards look like it was stripped. Then as we start to examine all the boards we found termites in the wood. What the hell I have wood floors all over my house. I can't believe this. Do not purchase this item I will never buy from this company again.
I bought this two pack to replace a small ladder that goes into the pool so I could put one inside and one outside. Received these not even 30 mins ago.. I set them up, everything looked fine. Stepped on one and it broke right off the bat. Def couldn't hold 300 lbs, not even 200! Also, it never felt like it really locked in place.
The bottoms of the drawers are too short to reach across the grooves they have cut in the sides of the dresser, causing the really thin wood they have in the bottom to bend and warp. I have had this item for a couple months now, and already all three of the drawers have failed. The solution seems to be to drill new holes in the sides of the drawers to decrease the depth so the bottom piece is the correct length, but this leads to smaller drawers than desired. I then tried to contact the company about potential replacements and was deferred to a number that claimed to not know the product. I haven't written a review on here before, but I want to warn others before they buy this item that it is poorly made and they are better off going with other options.
If I could give less than one star, I would. The cot broke after one use. A boy weighing no more than 135 sat on it and the cot broke. Do not purchase.
Bought this for my kids bunk bed and did not fit big gap not recommended
After only three weeks of use two wheels have broken off the chair. It's being used within the weight restrictions so I don't know what is going on. This should be a warranty item, let's see how that works out. I'll post again when I hear from the seller and/or Amazon. Update: company quickly sent replacement parts. I'm still Leary because parts are plastic but have reassembled chair and will see if it holds up. Amazon also sent info on how to return chair so customer service has been satisfactory. 👍👍
They sent me 8 black chairs instead of the 6 white ones I ordered. They then didn't arrange a plan for picking up the black ones and delivering the white ones. They were very slow with email responses. It was a great deal but not worth it. The black chairs that I kept since the white ones never came are okay but two have a weird ring in the seat-like the plastic wasn't printed correctly. The texture of the plastic is also not as smooth as the picture and style of chair suggests
waiting and waiting never came
product is fine, exactly what I was looking for HOWEVER the seller is horrible. Accidentally ordered two instead of just one that was needed. Put in a cancelation not even 15 minutes after accidental purchase and seller sent product anyways. Ignored all communication attempts until after item was already received. After complaining about paying for my own postage to return item THAT I MADE SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO CANCEL BEFORE SHIPMENT, I received an email from seller stating to just try and keep the item and give it as Christmas gift.
So I never write reviews ,but I'm going to take the time to do it ,because I don't think anybody should buy these rugs. They didn't arrive for a very long time and when they did get here they stunk really really bad ,so I put them in the washing machine and washed them twice and honestly I'm not sure if these were used rugs or not!
I purchased this topper in May. It is October and it is completely worn out. My husband and I have a queen bed and are not overweight. I have flipped it several times trying to get a little extra life out of it, didn't work. Do not purchase this topper.
The pieces of the table did not fit together and it thus could not be assembled.
The set is small a is best suited for a small apartment. Looks flimsy and one chair already broke at the seat as it is made with cheap plywood. Upgrade and buy a better set.
This is horrible product. Cheaply made. Product was scratched when arrived, strip on front of shelves was pealed back/torn off and areas of the black paint worn off. I would not recommend buying this product.
The tiles and grout on the top of the cart were broken. Best choice would not replace the top or the cart. They offered a $12 refund. This was a wedding gift and we didn't want a broken item. We had to go through Amazon to get the problem resolved
Ordered 8 chairs; however, only received 4 and in the poor condition as indicated in the pictures that were left by FedEx by our garage when all packages are normally left by our front door. Torn box in 3 places and missing 1 bottom chair cap. Besides, the chairs arrived an entire day late and could no longer use.
The item does not match what is in the photo. The pin provided doesn't fit the hole that has the 1.25" square tubing(no the 1.25" Square Tubing does not run the whole length of the outside tubing.)
Pretty but slips and slides. Very light weight. No backing to speak of.
My mattress is 7” and not 8” as described. Mattress was vacuum sealed and no way we can pack this back to return this.
It is poorly made. It hold water when it rains and rusts. The height did not really work for me. A waste of money.
I wanted to return, as it was described as shag plush rug. but were going to charge me $10 to ship back. this is not cool... Item not as described, I should be able to return on their dime... buyer beware
Box and table were damaged. Some reviews said this seats 6, which would be a really tight fit. Will seat 4 comfortable. Medium weight.
I am disappointed that my stool came damaged. About 20% of the seats rim is dented. The legs appear to be sturdy; but, the material on the top is cheaply made.
This table is not worth the price. It was entirely too small. In the picture, the table looks much bigger to me.
I love the chairs but the shipping with fedex was terrible. first they didn't even deliver them to right address at my work they went to a different office and then they were left outside in the rain, the boxes were wet and the one chair has a small stain.
These are good pads. We have one I purchased two years ago. This time I ordered two 6x9 rectangular pads and received two 8 foot circular pads. Upon returning them I had one label and used the UPS store which said I would have to buy a $12 box to place them in since I only had one label. I printed two labels but they were the same and UPS said I could only use one of them. So I have Amazon Prime and it cost me $12 dollars for Amazon's mistake.
I have put together many pieces of furniture from different manufacturers and this is one of the worse. It definitely takes two people to assemble it and lots of patience. There were no pre-drilled holes for the screws and that resulted in the finish chipping. The top did not line up properly and we had to use an alternate hole to attach it. The only easy part was attaching the wheels. I would not buy another product from this company. On the Pro side it did fit the items I bought it for. I hope it lasts more than a year.
Too small for the bedside.
Really really hard to put together, but it's cute!
Much smaller than I anticipated. I take blame for assuming it would have been a normal size coffee table
Waited three weeks to arrive. Now can't put it together it's missing a leg! HOW DO PEOPLE PACK AND SHIP THREE LEGS??? Contacted company,haven't heard back yet. If it turns out okay I'll change my review. But right now not good!
You certainly "get what you pay for". Everything is kinda flimsy. The chairs don't sit well. My kid can't scoot all the way up to the table with his legs under it. Thats the biggest reason I only gave it 2 stars. Fix that. The table takes my lego blocks and everyone enjoys that feature.
I am 130 lbs, sleep alone and have memory foam mattress.. this bed frame should not be squeaking like this. Its loud and frightening when I am half asleep. I wish there was a way to send this back.... I did alot of research and chose this bed based one height and visual.. but it's not worth the noise.
These worked for about a week and then they didn't stick anymore. Very disappointed.
We are very disappointed that our bed is already sagging where we sleep. We only sleep on this mattress half the month, and we are not obese. Also, I was under the impression the mattress was made in the US. It is not; it was made in China.
This wasn't going to work for what I needed. Part of the weaving was even coming undone. Didn't even open the second one. Both returned with shipping deductions. Would not order again.
I bought this a few months ago, Easy enough assembly although I did not attach the "leg rest?" to the chair because it does not collapse under the seat, it sticks out a lot to a point where you can put your feet on the floor if you didn't want to use it, so I removed it. The arm rests can rotate 360 degrees but one of the ball bearings inside the arm came out and it was unable to hold it's position anymore, so I took those off too. I don't like arms on my chairs anyway so it didn't bother me much. The most important part is after about a month after using it it starts to develop the most gut wrenching creaking noise when you move the slightest bit while sitting in it which has made me actually very very upset. I could have dealt with the lack of other things, but when the most ungodly screech emanates from it when I move the slightest bit is very disturbing and I'm tired of the neighbors calling the cops for noise complaint every time I try beating my fucking dick
The chairs are too short for my dining room table.
The set up is a complicated & difficult process. The table shakes in spite of the tight screws of nuts and bolts. Tried to return but passed the return time frame. The design looks great but if you want to use this table for daily use, I wouldn't suggest it.
These are just thick flat rubber bands. I couldn't get them around two couch legs So they didn't work to hold my sectional together. If your sectional has skinny legs and the legs can touch these will probably work quite well
Was guaranteed by Wednesday and didn't deliver until two days later. My family came in town for Thanksgiving and slept on the floor. When it finally did arrive, it's hard and doesn't really fold for a futon. It's only good for a flatbed
My bed a tear while I got it was disappointed and also I lost the screws for the bed and the couldn't help out since I'm a big shopper of amazon. I moved half way of the country and spend lots of money to bring my bed
Box was completely ripped up when delivered
This rug is not well made but it looks nice in my sitting room. It has a black backing and is pretty sparse so the black shows through. It is soft and the color is great; just wish they had added more fibers!!
They fit almost any chair you can think of, but the straps are entirely too long while the Velcro part is entirely too short, which means that the straps come undone frequently. And, if you're like me and spend hours a day in your office chair, you're going to find that these armrests go flat in about a month. Not worth the money spent.
I weight 200lbs. After one week, each time I sit in the chair the hydraulic support immediately begins slowly lowering. This is an issue since the maximum height of the chair is required to meet the minimum height of my desk. The chair is comfortable overall. Width is sufficient for fat bodies so long as you're okay at minimum height. Lumbar support and headrest make me question the ergonomic design. Construction is solid. Heavy duty bolts provide support for a wide range of motion. Would not purchase again or recommend.
This cushion feels great when you first sit on it but then it gets uncomfortable from squishing down so much that it's just not so cushy anymore. OK for short sitting periods. Horrible for long bouts of sitting.
Screws keep coming out and chair is already chipped my grandson fell off of it and the chair fell on its side and notice the chip
I am so disappointed. I thought this rug pad would be cushiony, but it is so hard that it doesn't even feel like there's padding beneath our rug. I'm not sure how someone could find it comfortable at all. Two stars because it doesn't slip, so if that's your priority then go for it. I'm returning mine immediately.
Had a very difficult time putting these racks together. It holds a good amount of clothes, but these shelfs are not stable at all. Everytime I take a piece of clothing out or put it on the hanging rack, these racks moves. I don't recommend these racks because they are flimsy and unstable.
It's not great they were pain in the ass to open kind of generic looking but other than that not bad since we're great lasted a long time May by again can't remember but the price was
I was so excited when I opened the box at how pretty the table top is, and I was incredibly disappointed to realize that it was already damaged! It came wrapped in a protective sheet, so it must have been damaged before it was packed. You can see the scratch marks in the photo, and the bolt holes are on the other side so the table is not reversible.
It's real easy to put together only issue I had was that the woods cheap and the screws tear thru it real easy if you use a drill to put them in
I was unhappy because it was to be non skid and I have bought two and neither one of them will stay down. Wish I could get my money back.
I ordered the Amanda dinning room table and was told by three different people that the L Shape bench and one chair came with it as a three piece set and all they sent me was the table which is extremely small they sent no bench or chair so I called back they told me how sorry they were for the mix up and the L Shape bench and chair was on it's way so I waited another two weeks only to discover it was another table called Amazon back and then they proceeded to tell me the L Shape bench and chair does not go with the table.want u to pay another big price for the bench and chair, I am still waiting for them to pick up the extra table they sent me,so buyer beware and read the small print before u order the Amanda dinning table. They went in and changed the prices on all of that one week after my order. I will never order from Amazon again.... they also would not give me a refund on a product that I had ordered and only gave me a gift card with Amazon instead of putting it back into my account...
Poorly made wood I mean it's heavy however the wood is still the fake wood from wal mart cheaper end items. I attempted to screw in one of the legs and the wood broke. I waited 9 days even with Prime to get this item.
Lasts a few months, then over time the frame twists. Would not purchase unless for minimal use. I have a few small empty boxes and baby blankets on top and that's enough to bow the top of the unit.
The rubber on top is wavy. The legs are stiff and hard to work. Overall I am disappointed with this stool.
Received product on time, however the product failed to work. I hired a professional to install the this product. When installed the Bluetooth worked perfectly, however the power buttons failed to work. The professional said that these were faulty switches. I would not recommend this product based on the professional installers advice. I have a Ashley power recliner with a Apex motor.
Components to build it never arrived, 2 missing pieces , thought the price was fare, can't build it the missing pieces hold it all togeather, what a nightmare if you like waiting for UPS trucks this company is for you. This review won't even go up SAD !
The box showed up damaged. Amazon or UPS at fault for that. The product itself was damaged as well. The packing material is styrofoam and was and was broken apart with tiny pieces everywhere and stuck to everything. It took an hour to just unpack and cleanup each piece and vaccum floor after. Would have sent back but was such a hassle before I seen the damage not to mention it weighs 100lbs and box is almost 7ft long I was not dragging back to UPS store.
There isn't enough planks under the mattress for support, my mattress will be damaged due to non support.
Fell apart when moving it.
Cute color of the chair, seat came off as soon as it came out of the box. It was advertised as “used condition like new.” Havent even put it together yet so we'll see how this actually goes.
Easy to assemble and beautiful on the eye. But not very comfy to seat on. My bottom sweats wet since the material is synthetic. Very disappointed:( can't return unfortunately, since threw away the package already and this is not an amazon prime...:(
Its been a reasonable chair, until tonight. The back support angle has always been less than desirable. But while sitting in it while working on the computer, the bolted connection attaching the left armrest just broke. Time to buy something new. I wont be purchasing another one like this. A chair should be durable and last many years.
I only received the cushions and not the chaise lounges yet. I hope this is not a scam
It has,alot of pieces
Was great at first, about a month into it my husband and I both started waking up with our backs killing us! Might be good as a guest bedroom bed if it isn't being used daily, but otherwise, don't buy it.
Scrapes that have been fixed. Looks to be a factory flaw since both chair backs are the same.
I love the look of this bench but after about 4 months the middle is sagging because of lack of support. disappointed.
This mattress is firm! This was advertised as being near the plush (soft) end of the firm/plush spectrum and I would say it's firmness is near the firm end of the spectrum. Also, make sure there is a way you can return it without having to pay shipping before you buy it.
I can't even put this thing together because they drilled a hole in wrong spot. Wish I could get my money back.
At first I loved this item, I was able to get all of my 2 year olds stuffed animals and a couple baby blankets in it and my son loved laying on it to read and/or watch a movie.. It's been 3 weeks now and we just took the toddler rail off of his bed, so I thought this would be a great buffer to put by the bed in case he rolls; well when I went to move this I noticed that there is a large hole in the bottom seam, so it's definitely not as sturdy as it claims to be.. It's definitely not overstuffed as there was no struggle to zip it and when I stand it up to shake it there is plenty of room at the top.. A little disappointed, but it's too much of a hassle to take everything out and return it for a new one so I guess I'll just try to sew it back up.. It's a great idea in theory, but the seems should be better reinforced..
Too small but the strap was extremely lose.
Sent it back color was wrong for us. Still waiting on refund?
The pieces were all extremely filthy when I opened the box! Don't even know if whatever is on it will come off!
First of all, I ordered the 12" King size and waited 48 hours before sleeping on it. It did NOT expand to 12 inches! It was 10" on all sides though,not like some people's reviews that said it was uneven all around,or received moldy or smelly beds. Mine is clean as shown in the picture and I didn't notice any strong smells,just a faint odor that went away after a day or two. I took a picture after it stopped expanding,and while the covering was slightly loose in one area,the bed looks pretty. I have back problems and this mattress has NOT helped. I purposely waited to write this review after sleeping on it for a week. One review said the bed felt soft and firm at the same time and I wondered how could that be? I don't know but she was right! If you like a firm mattress then you'll probably like this,though some said it gets softer as time goes on. I personally have been having back pain every morning so I will be adding a soft foam topper to put over it! I'm a senior and my daughter and I (mostly my daughter) put this on top of the Xl Twin box springs that came in a King frame I ordered. So after having to get rid of my old bed and all the money I paid for a new King size frame, and new box springs and the bed in a box I was not going to donate it and get a receipt like I've read that Zinus has you do in order to get a refund!!! I read from one review that a guy called Amazon and they helped him so I gave it a shot! I explained that I didn't want to return the bed, but since I was paying for a 12" bed and my bed is only 10" that I should get a discount and that's what they did! They adjusted my bill and I am VERY happy with AMAZON! I will update this review after I buy my new topper!
This mattress seems to be of good quality but I'd say it's way on the soft side. Not for big boys! You will sink in pretty deep.
Looks really cheap and bunches up
Will not last long. Weave is coming undone after washing.
Kinda cheap. But it's all for show.
It is.not a twin size the length is the size of twin but the width is not it does not fit in a twin size bunk bed there is a big space and twin sheets are really big for the mattress. I am extremely disappointed because i bought for.my son for his new bunk bed and i have to put a heavy blanket in the space so he doesnt fall into the space
Product delivered was damaged. Legs of the table were damaged as well as the corner of the table
For $200 I was expecting to get a decent product that wouldn't be a pain in the butt to assemble and would look put together. This product doesn't look well made and was tough to get the holes to align (I had to really force the shelves into place). Would be 5 stars if it were $75.
See damage on corner in pics.
Very uncomfortable. The guys couldn't use them and they were normal size men.
It's cute but really a lot smaller than I thought it would be. More for like the end of a toddler bed
Bought the pink. Color is bright. So soft but it's thin as a wafer! A bath mat is thicker and would probably be a better choice than this rug
Just received my frame. I seems pretty sturdy and it was easy to assemble. The frame itself arrived very cosmetically damaged and it was very clear that it was not new. See pictures directly from the box. All the pieces were heavily scratched and some had dents that appeared to be from a hammer. I don't recommend this product, unless you want a used product for a new price.
Too top heavy. Have to secure it to wall to prevent it from being pulled down. Looking into other options
Would be okay for one person or maybe teens but my weight plus my boyfriends weight which is only about 350lbs total cause it to break. We had the bed about 6months before getting a new frame I'm disappointed because I really liked the storage underneath
Definitely not worth the price! The wood was dirty and there were nicks and scratches in the wood. There were also some yellow spots that wood not come off after I cleaned it. The materials just seem cheap
Came with a hole in it
Took an hour to assemble, only to realize that the bottom part of the drawer was smaller than what it was supposed to be. I now have a drawer with a deficient bottom. Disappointed.
Ordered two of these and both came damaged from carrier. Not sure who is to blame, but both looked like they had been drug behind the delivery truck. Amazon sent another one to replace one that was badly damaged and it also came damaged and screws missing when that one arrived. A little extra into packaging of this product would go a long ways. They work for intended purpose very well and I was able to salvage one for use out of three.
looked more red than burgundy
came damaged, but just slightly, one year in and the legs are popping out the welds. piece of garbage.
Was ruined in 2 weeks definitely cheap and if you have any type of traffic it will crumble. Not made to move or even be laid on!
Flimsy and unstable/unsturdy
Easily put together but a couple screws stripped out the wood. It's a cheap desk what do you expect.
The 4 cabinet doors were all the same. There is supposed to be upper and lower doors. They don't fit property or close or match up. The cabinet is flimsy and looks awful.
I ordered this Dallas cowboy helmet and I received a Dallas cowboy Christmas stocking. Even though the stocking is Nice I ordered the helmet.
I ordered it on the 30th and it took 6 business days to arrive. Not the end of the world, but it was ordered on prime with 2-3 business day shipping. It didn't arrive until after eight pm and nobody notified me it was even out there. They also put it by my garage and not my front door. The only way I knew it was there was because my husband happened to work a night shift and found it outside at three in the morning. On top of the poor delivery when I got the box it looked like it just went through a tornado. I was hopeful the bed itself would be spared, but no such luck. There were multiple chips in the white paint on multiple pieces. Then upon further inspection some of the pieces were even rusted, noticeably rusted. I didn't even take all the pieces out, so I don't even know how severe the damage really is. I had seen enough to know it was needed to be returned. I've always praised Amazon, but this was an absolutely disastrous order. I gave it two stars instead of one because the bed itself looked like it would have been cute if it wasn't destroyed in the process.
This just arrived - I went on a whim to trust it would be in decent shape after seeing so many reviews where it arrived broken.... well, it arrived broken. The two main side panel pieces are both cracked rendering them useless. I am going to call the company tomorrow and hope they will send the panels so I don't have the return the whole thing.... buy with caution.. or patience I guess...
It is NOT as soft a people say. It's a basic rug and it's not worth the money
The chair is more of a youth size than adult. I don't know how to explain it, but it doesn't give the zero gravity (zero back compression) effect that some other more expensive brands give. If you are shorter than 5'8" It may fit you better.
I researched what sofa to buy for our first apartment for a solid week before picking this one. I was excited about the sleeper sofa component and the mid-century lines. I've had it for about two months so far, and my excitement has faded. It was super comfortable for the first two weeks or so, but now it has become increasingly lumpy. I'm not sure how to explain it, but it feels like random uncomfortable spots have sprouted up here and there. My wife and I have to change positions every ten minutes or so to stay somewhat comfortable. I've also noticed that it's become a bit less sturdy. One arm of the sofa is nearly rattling now, but I'm not ready to wrestle with the thing again to try to fix the arm (assuming I can). It's not a bad sofa, but it definitely isn't what I thought I was getting after reading all the positive reviews. If you're looking for something for a spare room or office, go for it, but this isn't built to be a main piece of furniture.
Quality ok, but keyboard shelf not flush with desk when in lower position... this is not ergonomically correct.., unless always in up position. Also did not come fully assembled
I didn't like the texture of the rug. It looks outdated, the weave is too large
The chairs look nice but that's about it. As with quite a bit of cheap furniture, screws and drilled holes do not line up properly. Both chairs have the left front leg that is a little too short. So it is wobbly. We taped a little bit of the wrapping foam to the bottom of each short leg for the legs to be all even. They also do not feel sturdy. I would not have anyone more that 150 pounds sit in one. Could not get the back to tighten all the way either.
Too weak to use for a regular job. But if one considered it for onetime use, it's okey .
Instructions were incomplete. Not easily assembled and was missing hardware. I had to improvise to get the build complete. Don't waste your time or money
Came folded with creases.
I love how these chairs look when they're first set up. Also they feel amazing so that's a plus. My downsides though are that they aren't level and I've had to adjust the bottoms so far that the levelers fall off. Also, they stain very easily with little ability to clean. Lastly the seems seam to be turning yellow which is very upsetting seeing as I've had them all of 4 months.
I'm hoping this will be taken care of. I'm unable to send pics via amazon so I'm also posting here pictures of the boxes 1 and 2 that were sent. The 3rd box needed was another product. Please respond so I can review and also please send box with round cushion for the middle of daybed “box 3” that also includes other pieces needed to do the other pieces. I'm unable to put any together without the 3rd box.
falls apart pretty quickly
I'm a prime member and this chair came in late. Also I ordered the black and blue chair and I received the red and blue chair. I'm not so sure I will continue to use Amazon for my purchases I will rather buy from the actual company. Amazon said I would have to pay AGAIN for the blue chair to be sent to me and once they picked up the red one I would get my refund. And I would have to wait 1 week for shipment! WTH! And they only offered to refund me $13 for my unconvinced since this was a birthday present in which I ordered in advance before I leave town for Thanksgiving.
It is a great price for this product, unfortunately the only thing that I have to say really about this product is that the instructions were very hard to follow. I feel as though it should have had better directions and labels on the parts that needed to be put together. It took me 3 hours to put this together.
The product was delivered and the finish was not complete. It had a milky finish. The wood splits when you put the screws in. I sent a request for one replacement panel to the seller. I got back an email with a litany of information required to send me one piece. It is easier to return it to Amazon than fill out all the paperwork fax or email it to get one small part etc.
Check carefully. Packaging is 2nd rate. Did not assemble product but it looks. Returned for a replacement
We've had these just over a year and the base where the two parts connect has bent on several chairs (we ordered 2 sets). My husband and I are average weight and just from holding our children on our lap, the base has bent. One chair even broke. I would recommend spending your $ on sturdier chairs.
First off I had to remove the arm rests so I can pull out my keyboard tray. I am 5'11" and my head still comes a little above the head rest. The cervical support is too low. The lumbar support is too thick and too short. I don't feel the need for lumbar support in this chair as much as thoracic support since I am able to set back far enough to get support for my lumbar without a cushion. As I recline though a gap will form in the thoracic area. There is not enough padding for extended sitting. It may be that I will be able to rig up something I can live with if I buy enough additional cushions but that really defeats the purpose.
Shelf was damaged either before it left or while shipping. I had to face damage part towards the wall so it can't be seen.
The rugs were difficult to flatten. In fact they never fully flattened. The dog soiled the rugs and it was near impossible to clean the mess off. They are now awaiting the garbage man.
This bar stool is not made well . The back feels like it could break off . I'm a small female and I'm afraid to lean back on it
I returned both chairs... The quality of the chair looks great, rolls smooth and is very quiet, but there is NOT enough cushion in the seat. The chair is rated for a 330 LB person, I weigh 250 LBS. My butt hurts after about 45 minutes of sitting. I was not able to continue with this chair any longer. Found a different type of chair on Amazon that works perfect. Do your research before purchasing. NOTE: if they would add about 3 more inches of quality foam to the seat, this would be a great chair.
Not useable. The vertical bar was clearly cut at a slight angle at the bottom. Upon tightening the screws, the bar goes totally crooked, meaning that the tv would be crooked. Seems like pretty solid build quality and weight, it's just sloppy... Returning unless the new vertical piece can be sent.
The foot rest is bolted in. Traditionally only 1 side is bolted the other side rests on a stud. This is poor quality foot rear and broke with very little pressure on it. Hence it being cheap. Spring for the expensive real one. Skip this one.
They look great and feel high quality but everytime we sit on them, they fall apart! We made sure to assemble them according to instructions and tighten everything but no matter what, the bolts and screws seem to loosen. Very annoying. UPDATE: Every time I sit on these chairs I feel like they are going to fall apart. They are so uncomfortable. I wanted to love them so badly because they're so chic but everyday another screw falls out.
After 8 months of light to moderate use, the seam in the seat near the armrest is coming apart. It is disappointing to be a Prime member and order an Amazon product and it only last approximately 8 months. Dissatisfied with this products durability.
so this thing is basically made of particle board. when assembling the unit, i broke the bottom shelf trying to push the wheels into the pre-drilled holes. so my entire unit is wobbly because of that. the drawers are paper thin and can only hold a few utensils. one of the racks came out of the box completely in pieces. i had to glue it together before i could finish assembling the cart. should've spent the extra $15 and bought the one i saw at my local walmart. only saving grace is that assembly was quick and easy, aside from having to glue back together one of the racks
First off, let me say, that I've ordered lots of stuff from Amazon and have been totally satisfied. But with this order, when we got the package, it stated on the outside that it was a black 5 shelf bookcase, so we decided to keep it and set it up. When we went to put it together, it was 5 shelves, but small and it is pink and white. We still set it up, but not to impressed. I will still purchase stuff, because like I said I have had no other problems.
It looks nothing like the photo. You can sit up in it. The picture is false advertising.
Bed is super hard, I can literally feel the springs. Delivered on time.
Good chair if you're a smaller human being. Being 5'10 200+ lbs the chair width is way too snug. Comfortable In the right position with pillows. Arm rest is hard. Biggest issue is after a month the leather teared with normal use. Felt as the chair was defective before it arrived because foot rest always had issue closing and a metal hinge was bent but I didn't think much of it until it was too late.
These are super sketchy. With all the screws tightened well it's still really wobbly. The killer though.... The base is too small and tips over way too easily. A light push and they tip. Worth 20 bucks and only for tiny/cheap speakers.
The leg broke off from ours within the first month. Not pleased with the quality, even though it was affordable I hoped it would last at least a year or two.
The drawer will not close all the way because the drawer front hits the top of the stand. I do not recommend purchase of this product because 0f this design flaw.
Arrived and three panels where peeled and wrinkled. Called company for replacement parts. Unfortunately they wouldn't arrive for 2 weeks. Once parts where received unit looks good.
I'm 5'8” and there's no head support at all. Very uncomfortable.
I like the size of table, but when it was made buy company they did a poor job of centering the insert on the table top. When I put legs in slot provided it wasn't centered correctly. I was able to use it but one of the legs are not perfectly level. I didn't report it and I'm sure they would have replaced it with a different one, but I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning it.
I have to say I was very disappointed with this purchase. It was damaged when we received it and it was missing the instructions to put it together. My son had to google them to try and get it together. I would not recommend purchasing this frame.
Horrible! I ordered two set of these dining chairs in white (4 chairs) the first set was difficult to put together but still came out beautiful as you can see in the pictures. HOWEVER, I Open the second box to see that there were no hardware no screws to put the second set together. I now have to go and try to find screws so that I can Put my chairs together from Lowe's or Home Depot. Will not be buying again!
Trying to return. These chairs would work in a child's room, not for living room. Very small.
This product is OKAY. If you enjoy less than IKEA worthy instructions this product is great! There are extra holes, less boards and screws than you would expect, its' an adventure to assemble. Once you have the assembly figured out its a decent little shelf! Its sturdy, its compact, great for those small spaces. Would I buy again? Maybe if it came assembled ! HA!
The bottom of the box was busted opened when it arrived. Both handles scratches. I am not very satisfied.
Super uncomfortable, laughably short. Oh well
The chair was easy to assembly, but wobbly after assembly. Not very cushiony to sit on. Looks nice though.
This came damaged but it is beautiful
The back of the headboard arrived damaged. The parts stored in the headboard damaged it and protruded through the fabric. I didn't pay for damage but that's what I got.
I ordered a green desk and when it arrived it was red!
Arm was broken. Came with no packing for protection. Did not recline back like a true zero gravity chair.
Desk supposed to come in 3 days, after 3 days shipping was delayed to another 3 more days.
The stool comes with three sets of four different length screws that are all threaded the same. Unfortunately, the instructions do not indicate which screws go where. It is a trial and error process to get the right screws in the right places. Hopefully it performs better that the assembly went.
Hurts my back tremendously.
Seems sturdy enough. Purchased the King size version. Didn't come with enough hardware. It came short 3 bolts and 6 screws. I was able to put it together anyways since the 3 bolts it's missing are on the 2 center structure pieces and not the outside. The 6 screws I had to just go find my own to finish screwing down the slates.
disappointed with the outcome.
Easy to assemble. Was too noisy for us.
THESE CURTAINS ARE WHITE, NOT CREAM! I'm talking snow-white. I returned two pair in the same box and only got a refund for one pair. Won't buy from this seller again.
We have owned this for one year. One recliner is completely bent and broken. the surface is breaking apart and looking very old. This product is worth $200 or so, but no more.
Rollers(wheels) don't really roll on hard surfaces, rather end up dragging around long clean and unlock ineffectual! If weren't so heavy to ship back, I would have!
Sounds like plastic while sleeping on it and it often comes undone.
This chair is not meant to last. We ordered two. One for my husband and one for me. We're big people, around 300lbs each. I has to take the arm rests off, because the chair simply wasn't wide enough with them on. My husband's chair completely broke after only 3 months. Mine still works, but its makes a horrible sound whenever I move and if I sit for more than an hour I feel constipated when I stand up, because of the pressure in the middle of the chair. Also, assembly was a little tricky when it came to the arms, but again I took them right back off on mine. On the upside, my cat loves it.
The colors are very mixed together. Is not as defined as it is in the picture! Will send it back for sure.
The display case was perfect size for shot glasses, but there was a decent size hole in one of the slots. Very disappointing.
Wore out extremely fast. I had them for 3 months. Shafts bent and lost ball bearings all over the office
After spending hours applying the 21 page instructions, the wood broke apart
It's attractive. But: 1. The bottom cushion is very hard, and under that is a flat, solid board. 2. We could feel a long, firm object under the seat cushion upholstery, hard enough to be noticeable while sitting on it. 3. When we took the seat cushion apart to replace the hard foam, we discovered lots of debris. The long, firm object was a length of cord. In addition there was a stick of about the same dimensions and numerous other bits of garbage. Obviously, the seat cushion was assembled in a very dirty environment. With a softer cushion it's now an acceptable piece of furniture, but it wasn't when it arrived.
VERY unstable! Spend a little more and get something different.
I have request ad refund or seller's response. I will update the result. I ordered 2 chairs. One is ok but the other one is not.
Bought for my companies conference/flex meeting space so we could easily roll projectors and laptops in and out of room. Rolling it along and a wheel hit a floor outlet and the wood base split and wheel fell. Can not be easily repaired. Trying to contact Amazon but the product page is down!
I was sent a wrong color. I returned it and I have not gotten back a refund yet.
I like everything but the smell!!! Terribly smelling... Don't know what to do :(
Base your expectations on what you're paying or else you'll be sorely disappointed. The assembled piece looks nice from a distance and is functional. I purchased this to serve a purpose until I can afford to replace it with a more quality piece. For its price, it's decent. I had almost bought it from another retailer for almost twice as much - thank God I checked Amazon's price first. For any more than what I paid I would have been upset. The thin veneer came cracked in three pieces, two of them on the front of one of the doors and it's noticeable. There were also scratches and blemishes on arrival - see photos. The doors themselves have cheap plastic hardware which I've already needed to super glue. The feet are more cheap plastic and hideously ugly but fortunately somewhat hidden. I'll see how long it holds up and try to report back. Update: It's only been a month and I'm already looking for a replacement. This thing scratches so easily and the dark color means the scratches are super noticeable. One of the shelves is also sagging from the items I put inside, which really weren't that heavy. It's truly not meant for more than shoes, I guess.
I was very hopeful that this was going to be durable but it wasn't. I would hear creaking all the time from the wood and eventually it broke apart and I ended up throwing it away. You get what you pay for it's not durable at all
Very thin. Cheaply made.
Cheap quality for the price, not recommended for "comfortable resting" cause it's not, but yes you could sit on it. It's like the size of love seat that is sectional with low to no quality fabric. Hardly comfortable, and small compared to the picture shown. It is still functional though to sit on with your back straight :'(. I don't recommend this product. But that's just my opinion. You are free to decide and take the risk.
The seat cushion felt like pins and needles with no real sturdiness underneath it. It felt as if I were going to fall through the crevices every time I moved on it. Having. Mild scoliosis, this was very uncomfortable after only a few minutes. It was returned as it did not suit my needs. The size was not an issue nor was the color. It seemed like it would have been a long lasting material over time and washable too.
It was 3inches thick when I first order it then i let it sit and expand for 3 full days and it was SUPER SOFT and the full 6inches thick but only one problem I ordered a full and found out they sent me a queen. I cancelled my order for my loft bed in size full from Amazon in case I was stuck with it and if their costomer service sucked, YUP! I SENT 2 COMPLAINTS AND NOT EVEN A SINGLE COMMUNICATION BACK for 1 week now. So I managed and went to IKEA and got a queen bed since I was stuck with the mattress.
I was so excited to get my feather mattress topper only to have the feathers come through the mattress and stick me 😔 I had to purchase an egg crate mattress cover topper to lay on top of my new feather mattress topper...I'm not happy
Very large and bulky. When at it's lowest, makes the computer sit too high up and not at eye level. Needs considerable force to lift up. When it does lift up, it doesn't lift straight into the air. It lifts and comes forward .
It wasn't a week long and already the top part broke off I was very unhappy 🙁 I only placed a glass jar on it and it collapsed 😢😢
Definitely not an outdoor rug. It rained 3 days ago and it's still sopping wet. We had to hang it over our fence to dry. VERY DISSAPPOINTING. But it's a beautiful rug.
This chair only lasted about a year in our house...an arm broke off as most of the hardware is a seemingly cheap plastic. Would not recommend.
the rolling wheels on the left side of the cart broke off within two days of delivery. tried to glue it with wood glow 7 it wouldn't stay adhered to the cart. Poorly made
Didnt hold up frame broke.
It's not very stable as the base moves when you lift it. It has a tendency of sliding forward as the desk moves toward you when you raise it. It doesn't rise straight up, so make sure you have room behind you as you step backwards at least 6 inches when you raise it. Also, you can feel the weight of the monitors or other item you put on it as you lift it. It was inexpensive relative to other standing desks, but I think I would go for something more stable and helps you lift the desk.
It's a beautiful frame but it came missing a screw hole. We tried to make it work because by the time we realized the screw hole was missing, we had built the majority of the bed (which was a lot of work). Fastforward 3 months later and this bed will not stop squeaking.
Not a good product. Cheaply built.
This is one of the nicest chairs I owned. It's well made, has two different materials on the seat and arms. It's uncomfortable, the arms flip up and there is room to breathe. My complaint is it doesn't go up very high. I am 5'3 and yes my feet touch the floor, I do enjoy my chair to have higher height choice. So if you are tall you will be extremely uncomfortable. I threw out a faux leather chair which cost way more than this by the way and although the gas lift fell through the chair pole, I could still adjust the chair to any desired height. This chair is about to be my daughter's while I shop for a new chair because she is shorter than me. My daughter had a task chair that broke now has a mid back mesh chair with flip up arms. I do not like that it does not have a high back. I do not think it's ergonomic. She spends more time in my chair anyhow.
Table looks like it should be in a dollhouse, super small
This has no problem pretty much gluing itself to the pergo floor, but no matter what type of rug I have tried, they all slide around on top of it which completely defeats the purpose. Waste of money.
I had to return the item because the color was not right for my room. I thought there was a wood grain to the table. Unfortunately I bought 2 and had to pay to ship them back which cost me almost as much as the cost of 1 table. They say 100% refund but you will have to pay for the shipping if you return it. They should at the very least provide shipping at a discounted cost if you are returning the product. A lesson in furniture shopping online.
Item is very delicate. Be extra cautious while assembling. It will easily chip off and break. If you can avoid this dresser. 1 star for shipping. 1 star for looks.
Love the overall unit but the heater shoots up and not forward. Which goes right to the tv . Had to return
the product is great. But my only problem with this is that the counter is too low. It would be great if the counter is 6 inches higher to match the typical height of counters. As it is, the microwave sits lower than normal, and I'd have to bend down to use it. Also, the way the bottom is designed, I can't just add 4 wheels or 4 legs to raise it. I will need to build a 6 inch high platform to raise the whole cabinet.
Sunk in very quickly.
Mattress too hard for us, maybe good for people that weight 250 lb or more, to return it, I have to use the original bag and a vacuum cleaner, folded and cover with card board, finally I bought the Signature Sleep Contour 8 Inch, better mattress and same price.
I was a little disappointed because the light is not as strong as I thought it would be and it flickers on and off while using it
Nice looking, but extremely poor construction means that the cushions that are haphazardly screwed into the metal bases come undone within a few short weeks. Avoid these because you are just going to have to spend money to replace them within a month.
Be careful the sizing!!! Will not fit a twin size bed although it says twin in the description. This mattress is fine for a floor pad, comfortable enough for the price. But I purchased it to fit a top bunk of a twin sized bed. It is far too narrow (about 4 inches gap on bith sides). Expensive mistake for not reading fine print.
The color in the photo looks like distressed and weathered/maybe painted wood. In person it's just dark brown. Not terrible but does not look like the photo at all.
Leg was cracked when I got it no response from manufacturer
This is a rip-off. Unstable pieces of cheap metal with a few screws and wing nuts. In addition to that, pain in the rear end to install. Definitely would buy again. Stars for quick shipping only.
Very disappointed. Looked much larger in picture. Didn't bother to check the measurements (our fault). Very low to the ground.
Arrived quickly but has brown stains on the top white area. Attempts were made to wipe away with bleach to no avail. I'm guessing it's part of the wood but it's annoying because it looks dirty. I like everything else about this but would definitely order a different brand.
I guess this chair is worth the $90 it was on sale for, but the original price of $300 is misleading because it is actually a small, simple chair. If you do buy it, DON'T pay for assembly - it's easy. Also know that there is no tilt adjustment, and it actually sits a little bit tilted forward, and you can't remove the uncomfortable arm rests. If I had paid full price I would ABSOLUTELY return it, and I really should return it even for what I paid because I think I'll just have to upgrade soon. Disappointing.
Poorly constructed, visible glue and glaze. The screws were stripped would not hold to the bed. Returned item.
This frame is wobbly. We had to buy metal and bolts and build additional supports. We are dissatisfied.
this product was way overpriced for the quality and size of the piece .
After much delay, the package arrived today. We were disappointed to find one of the shelves shipped (see pictures), should not have passed QC.
Got mine in a bad condition. The wood is peeling on the sides but didn't want the hassle of returning and I'm just going to use it in the bedroom so I put up with it. So far it's sturdy. It's also easy to assemble.
Not enough support. Was disappointed in the design. Did not work well with the chair that needed firming up.
Cheaply made and uncomfortable. Would send it back but too much trouble to take back apart and ship.
This table is something we might pay $5 for at a yard sale. It is pretty small and tips over easily. Not really what we expected
Definitely NOT 10” as described after 4 days of being out of the box only went up to 9”
Only had this for a little over two years and the center support rail has cracked in half, not at all happy
The headboard itself is cute but it didn't come with legs or anything to attach to my bedframe like it was supposed to. Aside from that I think it would look nice in a teens room or spare bedroom, a little small for a master
Makes for a good chair in my bedroom where I don't sit on it often. Thought it was pricey for the quality. I would have sent it back but had to use wood glue when putting it together.
I love the look, but I've had them 2 weeks and they are unraveling.
I know that they say you get what you pay for but I was very disappointed with this rug. It is very thin and the colors particularly the red was not what I was expecting. I've purchased other area rugs under $50 that were MUCH more plush
Bought two. “Wood” was chipped on corners. Holes weren't completely drilled out. No pre-drilled holes for some of the screws. One had gliders on legs, the other one didn't. Just a hassle after another putting them together. I'd send them back, but that'd be another hassle.
I like the overall look, but pieces came damaged and it was extremely confusing to assemble. The images of the parts don't always correspond and there aren't obvious markings on the pieces themselves to tell you what letter they correspond to. Once we had it assembled, my husband went to move it into place and a leg broke by rotating it (I'm pregnant and was unable to help). So, very frustrating and disappointing, but I gave it two stars as I like the depth of the drawers and overall look (we were able to hide the damaged pieces).
The table is sturdy enough, even though its components don't seem to fit together very well. Also, the "feet" under the table aren't no-skid - they act like wheels on a hard surface. On delivery, I could hear the pieces rattling around in the box, so it's not surprising the pieces arrived with varying degrees of damage. The metal pieces were warped, a corner of the tabletop was a bit crumbled, and there were extra bits everywhere. While there was an extra screw of each type required, I was baffled to realize that there were a further 4 screws of a size not listed in the instructions.
Difficult to put together drawer doesn't line up well with body of cabinet
Had to return, it was way too tiny. Seller graciously took it back.
I love the bar stools but after having them for less than 4 months silver balls started falling from one of them than it became wobbly so I sat it in a corner to avoid any further damage. Then about 3 months later the same thing started to happen with the other one very frustrating seeing that they are not used daily I use them maybe twice a week if that. They look really pretty but do not hold up well very disappointed seeing they didn't last anytime. I will give 5 stars on how they look but as stability I will have to give it a 1
the structure is very flimsy, it is not strong and it bends
I am not happy with this purchase. The same item is currently available on Amazon.com at a much lower price even before I received this item.
Sharp design, well packed but received a different color than ordered. The arm rest are not sturdy, poor quality. Would not recommend this chair to anyone.
Easy to assemble, cheaply made haven't had for year and thinking to replace with office chair I had before.
Assembled easily but was chipped all over. I guess you get what you pay for.
it need to be made from STURDIER MATERIAL...DISSAPOINTED..
While the shoe rack itself is very light, it is super fragile and easy to break. I broke it around four times while trying to assemble it because the pieces didnt fit correctly and kept bending each other when trying to get them to fit, which soon enough caused them to break. The material itself is really coarse and I did end up getting splinters in my hands from putting it together.
fell apart and broke quickly. had to superglue back together to get it to hold.
It took a long time to be comfortable, waiting 80 hours to sleep in the bed, its also have a strong odor, after a week it went away.
Bought it with the zinus queen box spring and the box frame didn't fit.... need to buy another set
Easy to put together, pretty well made, but wow does this hurt my backside after 30 minutes!
Not comfortable at all. Very durable
Rug slips with this pad underneath
Came with missing parts had to call to get part shipped
Very poor finish. Does not look nice like on the product description photos.
Had high hopes for this product, especially for long flights. It isn't as easy to use with a tray table as was described...also, my legs were very hard to adjust/move while in the sling. Doubt if I will use it again.
Disappointed thought mattress would be way thicker and softer. Basically I would only by this as a topper if I didn't want to get rid of my old mattress.
Not big enough for smart key
Supposedly, these are indoor/outdoor stools. We have them on our terrace which is a covered terrace and they are under a table also. They have completed rusted in less than 6 months. Very disappointing. Don't buy them for outdoor use.
It's ok just cheap and smaller than I thought it was, which is my fault for not checking dimensions.
drawers are hard to pull out and handles are cheep feeling. not worth it
Like overall. Had sore back could just be me.
I was so excited to get this product! It took me forever to choose a runner for my halfway. When it arrived I was disappointed after I unrolled it. While the item might be what some people are looking for, it was definitely not what I was expecting. Yes, as stated in other reviews, the trim is light blue not dark blue. The colors on the item were faded to where the print wasn't very visible. My husband (who doesn't usually comment on these things) said it looked faded. Despite this, the rest of the colors and lack of dark blue make this look childish and cheap in my space. The light blue and pink stand out the most. I almost didn't return it and almost decided to keep it and deal with it but for the price I paid for this (seems like way more than I should of) I decided to exchange it for a different rug completely. It's also definitely not as soft as everyone else is stating, it the same thickness as any of these thin runners on Amazon.
Honestly, I had high hopes for this chair, but almost everything I feared about it came true. Here is a list of things I was disappointed about the chair. First of all, the build quality. The arm rests are held together by two screws, one at the top and one at the bottom. Not a very good design. I always feel like I'm going to break the arm rests whenever I put my arms on them. It's very wobbly no matter how hard I tighten the screws. What's worse is, if you break the threading in one of the screw holes, it's over, the arm rest won't stay. The back is held to the seat by a thin metal plate with 3 screws. Also not a very good design. I want to lean back and the only thing preventing me from falling is 3 screws and a thin metal piece. I added a picture of the three screws connecting the small tab of metal to the seat. The foot rest also looks like it's going to break by the way it bends when I put my feet on it. The chair is slightly tilted to one side. It's too noticeable to let it pass. The handle for letting me recline is way to far for me to reach. I have to get out of my chair to pull the handle. The arm rests are way too wide and too tall for me to comfortably place my arms. Also, it smelled of oil, but it went away. Leaning back wasn't as comfortable as I thought. I always feel like I'm sliding out of the chair. But that's without the footrest. With it it's fine. I would have let this chair slide for its price had it not been for it's build quality. Had it been made a lot better, I would have said it was worth your money. Unfortunately, it could have been a lot better. I gave it 2 stars because it wasn't a completely awful chair. The main reason I bought it was because it had a headrest. Aside from the arm rests and the slight tilting, the feeling of sitting in it wasn't too bad. If you know you're not going to break this chair and don't care too much about where you place your arms, you may find it comfortable. But in the end, I would recommend something else.
Soo many creases from being folded for shipment that never came out.
This is made of pressed wood and the back is cardboard. Wish I would have known that before we bought it. Sent it back.
After three months of use, my wife who has had a chronic hip problem, gives a rave review for this mattress. However, I have to say it is the hottest foam mattress that we have ever had. I usually wake up after about two to three hours bathed in sweat. The room temp is usually in the 68 degree range.
The description said it was easy to trim... it is in fact NOT easy to trim. It kept bunching up under the rug while I was trying to trim it. It's been a bigger hassle than it's worth.
The chair is pretty comfortable and the reclining position with footrest is great. However, when the chair is locked in the upright position, it still reclines backward like 6-8 inches when you lean into it. Not good for prolonged use at a desk. All the screws are tightened so it must be a design flaw.
wood was chipped along front of product didnt realize until i was almost finished putting together how was i suppose to return item
Product arrived damaged. Poorly packaged. Amazon replaced, second one came and was in a little bit better condition. But damage was not easily noticeable so we are dealing with it.
It is what it is. Product came a week later and dinged up. Contemplating sending it back.
Smaller than I wanted
I'm pretty disappointed that a wheel broke off already. This stool isn't even used that much.
I've been waiting for 3 days now for someone to call me back. The top panel on the coffee table is damaged on 2 corners and that's the only piece that needs to be replaced. I want to put all the other tables together but I'm afraid they will want all the tables returned. There's no way I'll get all that material back into the box.
Legs are too short for most uses. I bought it and can't even use it and I'm a small guy. May a child's legs would fit under this table but that child would quickly outgrow it as well. Would not recommend.
I was convinced to purchase this product based on the affordable price, seemingly good quality and reviews, and simple design. Product arrived with two damaged headboard posts so that was disappointing. It was also more off-white than true white which was not noted in the product description. The off white color doesn't go with the rest of the furniture so that was also disappointing. I received the replacement parts rather quickly but they were a different color white than the rest of the bed frame. When I reached out to the company's customer service I was told the colors can vary from batch to batch. Unfortunately this wasn't helpful as I now have a mismatched bed frame that I can't use unless I choose to paint it. I was also told by company customer service that they could send me another bed frame but couldn't guarantee that it would be the whiter white color. Seems like poor quality control. Amazon understood my dilemma and sent me a return shipping label without hesitation but I am now left to find another bed frame. It was a disappointing situation overall which could be avoided if the color description was more clear.
What a disappointment! How this was not discovered when packed is tough to see. So exicted to get this piece of furniture for my wife. It arrived with the door on one side fully attached and the other door wrapped separately with no means of attaching it. The piece is very heavy and had a huge hassle repacking and getting it returned. Never again.
Really think moves around a lot when I vacuum.
It looks beautiful. And shiny. So it's a nice form. But function is zilch. I bought 3, 2 have fallen off the bathroom wall. I put one back on, and fell off again. Seemed sturdy when I placed it but 3 days later it fell off. Middle of night. The second one that fell off is in a guest bathroom so it's not even being used. I wouldn't write anything bad if it was a year but it's been a month. Seriously???
The chairs are very cute. HOWEVER, they smell SO bad. It's as if a really sweaty person sat on them and their stink just is embedded into the chairs... It's very annoying. Anybody else have this issue? How do I get the smell out?
I can't really tell the difference between before I had it and now that it's under the rug. Can still feel straight to the concrete below.
Purchased the black hair pin legs desk. Took almost four hours to build because instructions are detailed enough to be precise when building. The drawer doesn't align with the build, so it has to be forced to close and open, making the desk shake. This makes anything you had a top of the desk (in my case a lovely mirror) rock back and fourth in danger of falling over. It's also extremely easy to chip or scratch, also arrived with scratches on wood. I wouldn't recommend this desk, especially at this price point. Unhappy with this purchase, wish I could return in, but I built it after the return date.
Color and texture of the cover are great. Unfortunately there isn't enough memory foam and the foam they use compresses down a ton. If you lay on it your likely to lay flat and your butt touches the floor. The picture they show is a total fallacy. Definitely can't sit on it with any support. Other memory foam brands do a lot better.
Packaging was good. But the real mattress is not. It looks like a 3-inch mattress without any softness. I have to buy a separate topper for that soft touch.
Easy to assemble, springs don't hold up for 250lbs, seats broken, legs buckle, at least the wooden frame is holding or it would be complete junk.
Right now I'm only posting on the condition in which it arrived. The box is not taped completely closed on the top and not at all on the bottom. First impression is not good. Amazon should be better than this.
Love the piece as a whole, but never got to put it together. The holes on drawers that hold the mirror up on each side are misaligned so I was not able to complete assembly. On top of that, the manufacturer's website says error page and won't load.
Chair looks and is built solid I would be well over 300 lbs. The chair is very hard to get out of or I would have gave it a 5. The seat height they have published includes the cushion so after you removed cushion or sit on it to compress the chair is 2.5 inches lower than published. Too much hassle to take apart and send back I will put raised 2x4 boards under each side to get 2 inched back or 4 inch blocks if I have too. If your handicapped and cannot get up easy from being to low to ground this chair is NOT for you,if you can get up easily this chair is great for big folks!
Foldable sofa sounds really convenient and space-saving,but what I want to say is that it is a little heavy for a girl.The purpose of buying sofa is to be convenient and from work,you can lie on it completely,but it is not so.If you want to save space,you still have to do it. It's folded so that when you come back from work,you have to open it.
I decided to give it a try because of the we reviews that said it didn't squeak. However I was greatly disappointed.
My mattress never got over 4 inches thick. Its too hard for me. It doesn't conform to your body like memory foam. I was very dissapointed in it but it is very heavy and I am not going to send it back because its too much trouble. I ordered a 4 in memory foam and it is much better than this one. It is the way I thought this one would be.
I would like to say the bed is super soft and comfy. Would have given 5 stars but I now have a bed bug infestation from this mattress. Now we have to pay for an exterminator which is very pricy. so please check when ordering any mattress.
Looks cute but is not sturdy. I regret that I didn't put it up right away when I first purchased it. Now I can't return it. I put it up 3 was ago and now it's completely fallen apart!
I loved this matress when I first got it. And then things went downhill. I am a large woman and a very active sleeper. Rolling from one side of my body to the other takes a lot of effort and a contortion that my back does not appreciate. I wake up with a significantly sore lumbar region and find it affects my entire day, though the pain eases as the day goes on I usually start with ibuprofen. Another reviewer mentioned sex taking extra effort. My athletic partner would say that's an understatement. Basically, I'd say if you sleep in one position all night you'll be fine with this mattress. But if you are active (for any reason) you will regret it.
Cheap product but does the job. For now. We needed this so made do, however the box arrived in bad shape and appeared to have been opened. The instructions had a marking (star made by a person) and the one piece (number 2) was chipped badly. It can be somewhat hidden, however I'm not thrilled about it.
These things keep the corners tidy, but they don't grip my wood floors at all.
It looks nice once you get it assembled, but the assembly instructions, when followed are clumsy and inaccurate. It took me 3 hours. (And I'm a very handy person) It is advertised as supporting 300lbs and it will... but only of you can find a really skinny 300 pounder. It's also very low to the ground, so if you have and physical issues i.e. knees or hips, dont buy it. But it does look nice after it's assembled.
The color is nothing like the picture, which depicts a much lighter oak color and appears to have a lot more grain variation. I was disappointed to see a more dark cherry, cheaper looking veneer. I thought it was real wood... but it's sturdy and was easy to put together. Just disappointed in the quality for the price.
The cushion is flimsy and irritating to the skin. I have been unable to find a replacement cushion because the cushion is an irregular length (top part longer than other cushions).
As some of the reviews have indicated the table is just fine as well as the lamp but the lampshade does not have clear instructions and you're afraid to do anything according to what it says. For that reason I give it two stars, it deserves more but it's not clear about how you do the lampshade (the thing that looks like a roll of paper towel in the image). Others have purchased a lampshade to avoid this. That's not right, but I'm in the same predicament.
I did a lot of research and landed on ordering this chair. This chair could have been good if the parts had been new or cleaned before packaged and if the package had not been put through a laundry spin cycle before it arrived with me. I cannot comment much on the functionality of the chair because the product has arrived damaged and dirty to the point where I decided to send it straight back. Material quality is good in parts, poor in others. - chair arrived with a leg sticking out of the cardboard box; - bits of plastic broken off various parts of the chair; - residue, scratches and excessive dirt (despite wrapped in plastic) on most parts of the chair including oily fingerprints of someone other than me; and - plastic coatings frayed in many places
Comfortable but as I suspected... NOT memory foam, I'm not sure if anyone remembers actual memory foam? I give up trying to find something authentic. Seriously, IF you are looking for memory foam, THIS Is NOT IT!
Wasn't rolled properly and does not lay flat, other then that it's not bad. You get what you pay for.
I purchased this chair for my husband for Christmas in 2017 and he loved it because he has always had issues with his back and needed something more comfortable for his back. Last week a little over a year of having it the welded piece broke. My husband is not obese by any means but weights about 190 and it is almost near impossible to get ahold of their customer service to just get a replacement part. Definatly makes me sad because it was a great chair not sure I would pay that price again if I have to replace it again in a year.
When I purchased this it was advertised as a microwave stand. It is now advertised as a bathroom cabinet. Not at all worth the price paid. Cheap materials. Frustrating assembly (even with instructions) I had to remove a shelf in order to fit my microwave on the stand. Minimal cabinet space and the drawer is small and definitely not a durable stand. Do not reccomend.
Product nice and delivered left out in rain /snow
Was way smaller than what I thought it would be. It's not very sturdy either.
Cheaply made , bad directions & not enough screws ? Disappointed w/ purchase , SORRY
Very disappointed, chips on a couple of major pieces. I have several missing parts and no tech support on the weekend to order new parts.
The chairs are beautiful. However, one of the chairs was damaged with large wooden slivers exposed near the cushion area. Also, this same chair does not fit together properly so I cannot use it. The other the chair that came with it, is absolutely perfect. I am hopeful the company will send a replacement.
These casters were simple to install and seemed to be of decent quality. After testing them out on my hardwood floor, I was left with a couple of concerns. 1. The wheels will catch debris, and unless they are maintained consistently, will end up scratching the flood. 2. The wheels only have one point of contact with the floor, while traditional casters have two. While this decreases friction and helps them move easier, it could leave indentations in some flooring surfaces. 3. When moving while seated, the wheels can bind when changing directions, which was annoying. 4. This last issue seems a little silly, but these wheels move too well. I found myself gliding away from my desk unless I had my feet firmly planted on the floor. So, unless you are interested in some racing wheels for your office chair (which these would be fantastic for), I can't recommend them as a substitute for a good chair mat.
We had to discard within 2 weeks because it attracted every speck of dirt and the dust clung to the mat, making the white areas dingy tan/brown in color. Attempts to clean by stiff broom and water spray were completely ineffective. It was very disheartening because the first day or two it was so cute!
I ordered this ottoman for storage for my classroom. It is WAY smaller than the ottoman I purchased at a store! This one was also more expensive! I don't like wasting money. Sorry company, if you read this!
On the plus side, the coffee table is substantial and attractive. On the downside, when the first one arrived, I had the delivery guys open the box before leaving. The table was damaged in that there were cracks in some of the wood pieces and gaps between other pieces of wood. I accepted the table and immediately contacted Amazon. They immediately ordered me a replacement and scheduled the new delivery with a pick-up of the one they delivered. When the new one arrived, it was perfect. However, in less than a week, it started to make a popping noise and the gaps and cracks from the first one appeared in the second one. I contacted Amazon and they gave me a 40% refund. I gave it 2 stars because I really like the way it looks (without the cracks and gaps) and the customer service was awesome. However, it is DEFINITELY NOT worth $600. It's not really worth the $300.
Good at first but ripped at the seams all over very poorly made.
1) beware because no matter what, this item is nonrefundable and nonreturnable, 2) there were missing bolts and screws, three: after day 2, 3) woven material began unraveling. Otherwise, it was ok. I don't like the fact that an item can be flawed or missing parts, and it cannot be returned or refunded.
This file cabinet was easy to assemble but it wobbles left to right. Not worth the price!
Well made product, but any spindle that is horizontal does hold any type of clothing. Being that it is a coat/clothing rack, looks nice but not functional.
i usually don't go by the review because people over react for everything....but for this one i had to write because well it is true!! the rug looks beautiful from a far!!! but when you go to walk on it there are hard pieces everywhere that hurt your feet god forbid you have a kid step on them...after i stepped on something that looked like a wood chip from a playground...when i went to take it up and said this is going back!!! The amount of dirt that was under the rug was absolutely disgusting!!..not to mention the best part the shedding on this rug is worse then any pet you can have...ok im done ranting now!!
Bought two of these. One was pretty nice, but the other made my back hurt; I don't think their quality control on the is very good. Would suggest going with another brand that you are more familiar with
Cannot get doors aligned. This isn't my first rodeo either...my wife is the queen of cheap furniture
Functionally it's fine, but it has a very unpleasant odor. We have aired it out for two days and the odor is still there.
Not as strong as advertised.
Functions well but ugly
The frame was a bit too short. Couldn't use it.
The box and items were damaged and they had been previously returned as I found the previous owner's information inside! On top of this, the materials used look terribly cheap. Definitely look elsewhere. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because I was able to return without hassle.
Really disappointed because this mattress is so comfortable for a memory foam. Almost has a pillow top. Unfortunately I had to refund and amazon was out of stock. I ordered the 12 inch and after 2 weeks mattress only came up to about 8 or 9 inches. Cover on mattress is sagging since it is not fully expanded and the corners are starting to bow. Memory foam in cover is also not straight so mattress sags on one side. I really like the softness on top, but with it not expanding there was no way I was keeping a defective mattress.
Looks nice but sheds incessantly which is incredibly annoying and definitely detracts from the beauty of it.
I bought this because of the reviews...,I open the box what a disappointment is good design but done with cheap material, looks cheap cheap cheap.. I'll returning
Doesnt hold its shape after laying on it. Too soft so if you have a hard armrest and youre leaning you will still feel it even if the pillow is inbetween you. Bummer. Perfect for decoration though!
For the most part, it does what it advertises, but the pictures are photoshopped, I was under the impression that the keyboard tray would fit my keyboard and mouse because the pictures showed that it would have plenty of room for a mouse and keyboard, it does not. The keyboard tray barely have enough room to just fit the keyboard.
Bed frame is a good product. But I am very turned off by this company's unresponsive customer service.
These ridiculous stools took three people (two Masters degrees, an engineer, and a diy pro among us) HOURS to put these together. The holes are drilled poorly, the legs mismatched, and the chrome footrest thin and too delicate to support weight. Now that they're finally assembled, no one is brave enough to sit in them. They sure do look nice though!
You get what you pay for. The first one I ordered came with broken pegs and splintered wood. I was sent another shelf due to the first one being broken. The middle shelf of the second shelf had a gigantic crack in it and one of the plastic legs was squished so it would not fit to the other leg. I was able to build the second shelf by substituting the middle shelf and leg from the first shelf I was sent. Overall the shelf is what I expected and works for what it was intended for. With that said there seems to be a problem with how the product is packaged and shipped as both shelves shipped to me had damages.
Replaced in 1 year. Seat cushion flattened out and chair leans to the left. Improvement of the seat support and cushion would probably make it a nice chair
Does not hold up well
Ok. So my review is on both Product and Packaging.... Product Wise, I'd give is a good 4/5 stars. Its a really neat sturdy product. I love how slim it gets when you fold it up. When expanded, it is quite sturdy. The quality of the fabric is really great. (though it looks like it can be stained easily but I'll be careful) Packing wise... I'd give it a 0/5 stars... whoever packaged this item decided it was good idea not to pad it... I received the box with a hole on the side. Then noticed that there was no padding so the board on the case got damaged pretty badly. Luckily the storage case itself was fine and the other 3 sides and the top of the cover was ok. I'll have to mend the broken wooden pieces and mend the fabric.
Would have gave it 5 stars if it came with all the parts...was easy to put together and it looks just like the picture, very dissatisfied that it came without one of the bottom legs 😒
I've been using metal bands for my Fitbit Alta HR for months without any issue, until I received this band in the mail. This band has a 'lightning bolt' type symbol on either side of the display; for some reason the band became detached from my Fitbit at least once a day. The portion of the band that clicks into your Fitbit isn't secure. The band is nice looking, but definitely not worth buying again.
I have had this mattress for two months now. I bought it to accompany a futon frame. Here is the good and bad. Good: Great to sleep on. Good bed so far. Bad: It was a mistake to think this could be a couch and a bed. Its almost impossible to move from a bed to a futon couch. Horrible: The mattress split on me in the back after only the first week of moving it from bed to couch every day. Now I only use it as a bed. It was a mistake to think it could be both.
I received the wrong shelf. I ordered the brown shelf and was sent the white shelf, which does not match my other furniture. I was really excited for the shelf so this was very disappointing.
This product seemed great until I was almost done with assembly- the rods are barely short so none of them snap into place! Such a downer. I even assembled it over again from scratch to see if someone I did something wrong, but the rods are still barely short. Very frustrating.
Another chair that is smaller than advertised. Poor construction. Latches only on one side which causes uncomfortable shift in the seat. The swivel is not smooth as well. Again not for regular size person. Maybe have had it a year now. It's going in the yard sale...
Cute but cracked in three places. Cheap enough to keep in my office with the cracks facing the wall but still disappointing.
One star is for showing up at the door and the other is for standing up straight. It came to us damaged and the directions were vague. The material is cheap and it easily splits. Used wood glue to repair damage and to secure pieces. If it wasn't so heavy and I was able to use the box I would have sent it back. I am very dispointed because this was exactly what I was needing.
This product is the center of the photo. Very thin product. Hard to assemble. Directions are vague. Locks are so tight keys are not able to be used. As far as the measurements that was correct. Not satisfied.
it smells really bad
They don't seal tightly. I use mine for my sourdough starter. The plastic o-ring doesn't seal the gases inside. If you plan to store food that needs the air tight seal then look elsewhere.
Size was smaller than advertised in one of the directions. Color matches the ad.
The product is clean and looks nice. However, the hinges busted after about 20-30 uses. Screws are about 20% of length/size they should be. So product is broken.
I bought this mattress for my 10 year old daughter,and at first she loved it! We only had it for a year. the last couple of nights she has complained of back pain, my wife slept on her bed to see what she was talking about. my wife woke up with a sore back.. the mattress is now really stiff and hard. I called lucid and i was told to send an email with pictures and state what the problem is. let see if they honor their 10 year warranty.
Okay, I'll start by saying I, like most other purchasers, use this as my primary computer desk. Also worth noting is that I got this desk almost exactly a year ago, and for $65, so do with that info what you will. Pros: Cheap, especially for what I paid, and lots of surface area. Cons: I knew this going in, but wow this is my first time owning a fully MDF product. I'm sure there's varying levels of quality in the stuff, but in this desk it's basically reinforced cardboard. I've already had an entire chunk of the desk break off (the wall piece on the back, behind the bigger portion of the L) Also, there's a major technical error: if you use the longer and deeper side of the desk (which I suspect most will), any chair with armrests that's wider than 23" can not be under the desk due to the shelves, without bringing the left armrest under the smaller left side of the L completely. Other thoughts: Assembly took me about 2-3 hours by myself. Honestly, if you just want an extra desk for more room to put things or something, knock yourself out. But for everyday use, there seems to be much better options for around the same price.
Don't buy the chair. There are too many other options out there at a similar price that will be better quality. Fabric was a soft velvet like material that was indeed comfy. Other than that, the back won't stay in a reclined position at all. The chair tips forward and off the floor if you weigh more than 150 pounds. It's just poor quality and I'm mad at myself for buying these.
Not sure how they can call this white and gray. I 100% is not white. It's cream or beige but not white. Returned.
Like the table, but was missing the hardware. We contacted Amazon and they said they didn't have contact info for the Company!? Googled them myself and they said they would send me the hardware....still haven't seen it. We liked the table though so we went to Menards and purchased our own bolts and such to put it together. I wouldn't buy again.
Thinner than a blanket. The top material is soft. The color is great (gray). The bottom material has a rubber like feel. Yet, there is not much difference laying my baby on the hard wood floor with a receiveing blanket than with this. Packaging is vacuum sealed. Upon opening smells like a gel pillow.
Had it for about three weeks and then the metal piping snaped in the back and now this chair is unusable.
I am 5" 9" and the foot rest is way to small on the chair, that makes it uncomfortable for me. My legs hang out over the edge.
This is my second purchase and this is WAY inferior to the first. Have had this two weeks and already the springs are starting to squeak and "pop." have had the first futon for two years and am very pleased with the way it has held up. This purchase, not pleased at all. I will not be purchasing a replacement from this company.
These are easy to assemble, fairly durable (particularly for the price), and just the function and profile I like. I've had several. One of these last two arrived damaged, with a significant dent in the base, although the box was undamaged and everything appeared properly packed. I have no means to pursue amends except to return the lot, and leave this review.
Order came missing some panels
There was no silver in the middle. Only on the ends of the rug. And it wasn't gradual. Couldn't use.
The tilt back feature already broke on 2 out of 3 of these. Different people used each chair. So its not the persons but the chair construction. So we had to come up with a work around and the back doesnt move.
I wish I was able to put this together and use. The glass shelf looks sturdy. Plastic spacers looked kinda cheap. Rest of the components looked good. That's as far as I got with this unit. I was missing the screw rods to connect the post between the shelves. Contacted Naomi products to request the missing pieces. They wanted me to send the whole thing back and send me another one. I sent it back, got email for replacement, but then it got cancelled due to out of stock and got notice for refund. 12 days later, no refund, called them, they didn't even process refund. Had to file A-Z claim to get refund. Product looked good, dealing with vendor, not so good.
Looks nice but came missing some screws so I can't assemble it.
One came with broken leg
THIS CHAIR WILL NOT STOP MAKING NOISE! I have tied all the screws as much as possible and it just wont stop making squeaky noise every time you get up or move. It is very annoying...
Legs were shorter than expected - should have read the details closer - didn't like the edge of the tables. Too sharp to rest your arms on.
The first one I got didn't have the holes drilled in the top component. I tried contacting seller with no success so returned it to Amazon. The second one's screws on the underside of the top component are screwed on too tight (by the manufacturer) causing the material (wood-ish) to buckle and lift.. I don't want to return yet another and since it's on the underside where it doesn't show decided to keep this one. Although a little shorter than I thought it's an attractive unit but there should be more quality control.
It is a very cheap made product. We used it to set our mini refrigerator on.
I absolutely love how this piece looks but I was very disappointed that it came damaged. The packaging it arrived it was undamaged which leads me to think it was packed this way. The corner was smashed and one of the doors was ripped off. I was able to superglue the wood near the door to put it back together.
Well first... The box that came was so damaged I didn't know what to expect inside... I open it and it's all dinged up which fine it's going in my kids room anyway and it'll end up that way. I guess. The slats seem very weak and the holes for the slats did not line up at all and the other holes (two sets for the slats) were non-existent. I am too weak to screw the screws in so I have to use a power screw driver which is not stated. It's an OKish bed. I personally wouldn't recommend it though if you're the one putting it together. Eh.
After hauling this (extremely heavy) package inside and pulling all the parts out we noticed it had arrived damaged. Not happy. Considering what we payed you'd expect the company would be able to provide efficient packaging. Were told we can either go but new packaging (the previous box was beat to crap when arrived) and wait even longer to receive the replacement item (with no solid guarantee that one would be any better) or we could take a measly discount of what started out as 15% and went up to the not much more satisfying number of 30%.
To start I live on the 3rd floor of a vintage building that has no elevator, the box was well packed for me to haul up the stairs and is manageable size. ( may be heavy for some) The general structure of the desk is pretty solid with a few minor exceptions: Not all of the screw holes lined up properly and required a little bit of oomph to make sure everything was in the right place. I came home a few days ago and the keyboard tray had completely fallen off with nothing but my mechanical keyboard sitting on it. Little ball bearings from the sliders were all over the place and it looks like the metal was not well seamed together. While the part that hold the keyboard was undamaged the metal brackets were shot. I had sent an email to see if they could send me two sliders so I could reattach the keyboard tray but promptly told me to pay 25 + shipping in order to receive replacement parts. Unfortunately due to this failure of a basic component and the customer service I will not be recommending this desk to others. (Although in full working condition this thing would get a solid 5 star).
Easy to assemble. Looks good. But wheels doesn't last long. Got it for my 7 yr old and after 3 months of usage, wheels are stucked. You get what you paid for
Not happy with the chair. It leans to one side and there is no adjustment to straighten. The foot rest requires you to get on your knees to pull out and even then it's difficult. Overall it's just not comfortable. Gave this one to my son...
I was hoping to use a throw rug over my rentals carpet to keep if from being worn down, didn't work.
I returned it didn't go with my house at all!
Beautiful addition to our living room however after 6 weeks its starting to come apart on the edges in an area almost never walked on. Unfortunately our Amazon return date end before this became obvious. Can't recommend.
Pros: - Setting it up was pretty straight forward Cons: - The back does not extend - 0 cushion on your butt I found myself twitching periodically because this chair, even though it's supposed to be an 'ergonomic,' it's not. It's just not that comfortable for me, and I feel like the most important thing for an office chair should be comfort. But I guess you get what you paid for?
I put this together late at night and once I flipped it upright I noticed scratches and markings on the black table top and on the side of the table, it's like black contact paper can be peeled off. See pictures. I'm not happy with this table and what I paid for it.
Was initially happy with the product - but now having to replace it 2 years later
This sofa was easy to assemble, but it's not really that good . The sofa back is too low so when you sit back you basically have to hunch down . The pillows don't have enough stuffing in them that just like three months of use the pillows have sunken in . And we barely sit on the sofa . The color is very very pretty . It is very very large too. So please keep this in mind if you are thinking of buying it
Had these on my office chair for a couple of weeks then had to take them off. The fit is fine and the wheels themselves are fine but they do not roll very well. The friction on the wheels is too great to allow for them to roll as freely as they should. When trying to move the chair the drag on the wheel made it difficult to scoot up to the desk or roll backwards to my printer.
Nice looking rug how ever received with one side of rug has fringe ended up moving to my office from my living room ordered another pattern for my living room.
Pieces are missing from the order whe I opened the package.
It is very affordable and comfortable couch. Problem is that there is tear at the bottom corner which I did not notice at first
Not at all what I expected was way lower to the ground then it states . Can't store anything underneath so if you live in a small space and storage is important for you then get something 12inches and higher.mattress on it fits good as far as platform goes, but it been a few months and it's already squeaking. I guess you get what you pay for unfortunately. On plus side headboard is nice and didn't arrive damage unlike the box.
It says in picture it is adjustable 90 to 120 degree but it's not. Seat is too hard.
wasn't long before the legs were loose. seems to be a constant problem with bed trays
I used this rug in my hallway. My complaint is that it wont lay flat, it wants to wrinkle in the middle. Wrinkles enough that it will cause you to trip if your not careful
I would have never ordered this if I had any idea how complicated it was to assemble. There are lots and lots of small parts involved. Also one of the side pieces had a chip in it where the finish was broken off. Do yourself a favor and go to a furniture store, instead. This flat pack is worse than an IKEA jigsaw puzzle.
Arrived damaged. Kept item due to hassle of shipping and reboxing.
I ordered 3 to hold our board games. Pulling it out of the box it seemed some what sturdy. However, while putting it together (I am very careful) 2 of the 3 bookshelves cracked where the cam lock screws screwed into the side. If you buy these make sure to have wood glue on hand to fix breaks.
Not very sturdy and very uncomfortable. Not recommended
Very Cheap...But also very soft. Does not look like a carpet, more like a blanket. I am using this just because it's soft, but it does not lay like a carpet or rug. It is not sewn like a carpet or rug. It is very cheap and thin. It is very soft though. I think for the price it is NOT worth it. It comes vacuumed sealed compressed from china, so you have no idea there is a "rug" in the package. It would look cute on a bed as well. It is soft and my daughter likes it.
Nice design, great for office/gaming. However it came damaged in 3 areas like much of the other reviews. They need some quality control ASAP, delivering damaged goods consistently is a terrible business practice.
These are nice and soft, and I like them... But they are cheap and don't sit on the ground very well because of how light they are. The corners curl in a little as well.
Way too soft. No support.
A couple of chips and a little flimsy for the price. I Kept it because I ended using it before sending back and didn't want to bother.
The website photo of this runner sold me with its distinctive pattern on a light cream background - I was so disappointed when the actual product arrived. Instead of the lovely cream background, there is a dirty grey tone and the overlying diamond patterns are muted. The runner itself is decently thick, flattened out quickly, and could have been a great decorative addition to kitchen. Matching area rug has not yet arrived, I'm hoping it looks better.
They don't adequately hold down the rug, as advertised. See photo, this was actually my second application. I cleaned the underside of the rug thoroughly both times, it gripped for about a week, then it quit.
Was not tge right size
The table seemed sturdy enough, although a bit heavy for the size. The main issue was that it was damaged in several places along the edges and one corner. It was easy to return and I ordered a different table.
much smaller than expected and not made well at all!
I buy a lot of things that require assembly on amazon and don't mind assembling things in order cut down on shipping costs, but the person who made the decision to package this in such a way that required assembly is a complete and utter fool and doesn't mind wasting the time of the consumer. Just stupid. It required me to attach screws and a shelf that could have been easily done prior to deliver without making delivery/shipping more expensive and frankly was an unnecessary and tedious to put together. I recommend you buy something else. The people who packaged this are fools.
Small size, I expected bigger
One chair was missing an assembly screw. All of them had imperfections in the wood legs where they were clearly hit by something and then packaged. I had these assembled with glue by a 3rd party and my only option was to take a discount or ship them back. Look them over carefully before assembling.
2 legs are missing a left and a right.
It is a cute bed! I like the look, and color. Assembly wasn't too hard-- I did it myself. I made a mistake and had to back-track a little, but I'm pretty sure that was operator error. Probably. Possibly. It is not sturdy for two regular adults. My husband gladly takes credit for the bent supporting rods underneath, and I let him. But, really, it's just super weak material and normal activities by normal sized adults caused both the top (by headboard) and bottom (by foot board) rods to bend. And in a weird place-- like 3/4 of the way down the rod! Not in the middle (like I could justify, because we cuddle together in the middle of the bed). And we'd only had the frame for less than 3 months when the first one bent. We just noticed the footboard one was bent at six months. I contacted the designers listed here via their website, and they directed me to the manufacturers, whom I never heard from after submitting my issue on their separate website and requested a replacement bar (at the time of the request, only one was bent, AND I offered to pay to replace it. Never heard back.) So, I'm shopping for a new bed. And husband is proud of himself. Probably worth the price of the bed just for the cloud 9 feeling he's riding high on...
I have hard wood floors. I also have a baby. Babies fall and babies bump their heads. She spends a lot of time in our living room so I ordered this rug pad 8 months ago. Before I reviewed this rug pad, I wanted to use it for a significant amount of time. First, I am shocked by any review that would call this "plush". This will not soften your rug, it is INCREDIBLY hard and tough. Is my rug thicker now? Kind of. Is it any less hard when I'm walking? No. Is it less hard when my baby falls? To be honest, not really. This will not make your rug feel nicer or any softer. It will just make it slightly thicker. That, alone, was a little unfortunate. I kept telling myself, "well at least it's protecting the hard wood floor". My baby will fling her sippy cups around and although they don't leak much, some water will spill out. More often, my friend will spill a beer on the rug. We clean the rug but felt better about having this rubber backing. Like idiots, after something spilled, I don't know how many times we actually checked to make sure the pad caught the liquid. We probably had about four spills until we checked and we were SHOCKED to find that the liquid seeped through my rug and RIGHT THROUGH THE RUG PAD. What on earth is this for, then? It doesn't soften the rug when you're sitting or crawling on it. It doesn't protect my baby when she bumps her head (no more than the rug would without this pad) and it doesn't protect my floor! I paid decent money for this and it was a complete waste. I'm so sorry I bought this rug pad. I'm giving it two stars because it really doesn't slip. That's a positive.
size was off by about an inch or more, color was too orange/red, not very thick or good quality.
I'd recommend you to buy something a little bit more expensive. You really get what you pay for in this case. Its pretty crooked and the wheels don't roll well. One of the wheels isn't welded properly to the chair which makes the chair pretty uncomfortable.
I bought two of these beds and THEY SQUEAK TERRIBLY!!! It kept me awake several nights in a row. However, I was able to solve the issue by completely disassembling the entire bunk and adding in rubber washers to each screw point. It was a pain in the butt, but now both beds are quiet and comfortable. Maybe a way to improve this product is to add rubber washers with the orders so that it can be assembled without the headache. Metal bunks squeak, but the rest of the design was decent.
First thing that happened is that when it got here, it seems like they went very cheap on the materials. The sides are flimsy, and I dont even think it is particle board, but a heavy cardboard. Second, the main support center piece we got was cracked and another piece didnt have the holes drilled in the right area. Now if you have problems like this, you contact the company, and they did send replacements at no cost, but we had to wait longer to assemble. Third when I finally got it assembled, I had the same issues that other people did. Due to the sub par sides the cabinet will sway back and forth and the doors will then get stuck. I could fix this by putting it in a corner and putting in some more supports. Now that it is all done, it is pretty decent, but for that money it was way too much of a hassle and required way too much extra work to get it usable.
Pro: perfect size for our space, cheap Con: poor construction-you get what you pay for. Didn't fit together well when built. We used wood glue for all joints and parts and now it's not solid. So in the end, we made it work.
I bought it with the intention of holding one piece 12' X 24" runner carpet in place over some very light colored carpeting; in my case I use a carpet tape to affix the runner to your product it did not hold the runner carpet in place, perhaps it would work better on hardwood flooring?
It's too much for my neck & back pain. Can not use.
The pattern in the online picture does not match up to the real life version. The rug is meant to look aged and the manufacturer attempted to reproduce that look with a sort of pixelated effect that does its job at an angle, but that just looks a bit like an 80's arcade game when standing on top of it. That said, my 10 year old daughter loves it, and when I removed it from the bathroom it was intended for, she swiped it and currently has it in her bedroom.
This support is not sturdy enough. When I sit on my seat and lean back, this flattens out significantly and thus provides minimal support (I am a 5'11" 175 lb male in case you were wondering). The curvature of this is not so great either but that is subjective. However, once again, if you are looking for something sturdy, this is not the way to go. I would like a refund.
Careful reclining ,chair tips over easily. Foot rest is very uncomfortable, wood with fabric on it. Not easy to get to recline
I was thinking about returning it back , but since I already installed in half ,so I keep it, but really want to say this product Not worth the price
I had to drill holes were it was missed, Lower bed slats were too short, and Ladder rung dowels were too small for their holes. Bought boards for replacement slats, and used bigger dowels with Gorilla glue for ladder rungs.
Changing my review. i have had these for one week and the back snapped while my 125lb mother was sitting on it. She could have been seriously hurt. They look great but not sturdy - had to throw out the one chair. Hope the other lasts longer.
The mattress is not firm when the description said it is extra firm. Experiencing backache. After sleeping on it for 3 weeks (1 person), it has lost its support from the side where the person was lying down. Weight : around 130 Lbs.
ARRIVED WITH SOME PANELS BROKEN OUT !!!
Not impressed. Not sure why garbage cans have to be expensive oh, but paying more would have been worth it. This can is easily dented and does not fit a standard size trash bag. There's also no way to really secure the bag to the can. With small children, who try to clean up after themselves, having a bag that fits well would be great! Pass on this and pay more for something else.
I am satisfied with the engraving, but not all customizations we met. I asked for holes with screws and received an adhesive back instead. So I would recommend being prepared that it will not be made exactly to your specifications.
Very disappointed! These did not grip as advertised.
I bought this ottoman, because it seemed like the best value for the money. However, I would not buy again. The size of the ottoman is good & the color is as expected. I am less than pleased with the shape (out of round) and the size of the knit. The knit is large with large holes exposing the filler lining, which is not appealing.
First of all, the bullet in the product description reads "assembly required: no". Not even close to true...every element needs to be assembled. Secondly, important structural joints (the corners of the drawers) use wood screws screwed into the edge of the particle board, which is very low-grade. The result is that even with great care, the screws strip easily. And, once stripped, those joints are essentially useless. Also, the wood dowels that help hold the front of the drawers onto (along with screw / cam assembly) needed to be pounded in with a hammer (i.e., they're slightly too wide for the holes). As a result, one of them went through the front panel of the drawer inadvertently despite having taken care. Again, this is a function of cheap board. I plan to ask for a refund.
The box was in very bad shape when it arrived, and inside, one of the wheels was totally shattered. Its very pretty and sturdy by unstable without that wheel 😫
Didn't work. Bad colors. Waste of money.
My wife and I were really quite excited to receive the bed frame when we upgraded our bed to a king bed. While putting the pieces together, we were disappointed to realize that there was a large gash on the side of the headboard that caused a piece of the wood and filling to fall out. The box was not damaged, so it would appear that this happened before the headboard was shipped. We're not sure how to get in touch with the seller, either - please contact me if you can!
The headboard was nice but there was a small tear around one of the buttons. I couldn't get the headboard to stop wobbling. It didn't work for me.
This chair does not like big butts...no, I'm not humongous, 5'7" 245Lbs medium build. when I sit for hours at a time, the 'wings' on the sides of the seat leave my outher thigs in alot of pain. Pressure points are created and its extremely uncomfortable. I'll probably give it to one of my sons and get something a bit more comfortable.
Unfortunately this wasn't nearly as nice as the pictures looked. Costs too much for what it is. Return was hassle free though
They die to quickly.
Every time I move in this chair it makes an annoying clicking noise that sounds like it's coming from the wheels. Comfort is okay, seems like the material will lose it's fullness in a short amount of time. I wish I could return the chair. :(
A few days of using this chair, it became lop-sided... the left side was sitting lower than the right. Had to literally put in shims to level it out. Then the cushion became flat which made it awkwardly low to sit at my desk. Not sure if this is a weight issue or not, but I am not even close to the weight capacity that it states it has. Completely disappointed and too late for a refund.
The pieces didn't screw together properly and they've been wobbly since the day I got them
I got everything in time, I was really to put it all together but turns out no nuts or screws so I have to buy all of those before I get started.
Photos deliberately make the ottoman bigger than it is. 19" is not the bench height, but the arm height. Length is also inaccurate and shorter than described. I have never seen such a comically small ottoman and will not make the mistake of purchasing furniture online again. Tape measures don't lie.
This made my bed to high
Assembly from the kit. Poor finish. But, there is no complain, because I guess the price detect the quality look of it. Picture looks good but its appearance is poor in reality.
Item arrived damaged. Surprise! The box had a few marks, but intact. The item was poorly packed. As I needed to set up some storage in a home office I opted not to try to repackage and move around a 70+ lb box to return. On a positive note, the cabinet was easy to assemble and the hardware was good quality, and all of the parts, damaged or not were included. The cabinet materials are poor quality. The fiberboard is not that good so care in handling is paramount. The backing board which is integral to the structural integrity is literally thin cardboard. I am not planning on moving this around much. The finish is very thin, and likely not all too durable. Important! This cabinet in not stable when empty. After installing the doors, which seem heavier than the cabinet itself I opened both to add shelves ant the cabinet almost toppled over on me. Be sure to mount to a sturdy wall once in place. I regret not returning now.
Didnt come with pillow case as stated, pretty thin but mattress is not wet
The lumbar support piece broke off after a few months of use, for the price I would have expected this chair to last a lot longer
Okay for price. I do not expect it to last very long. I have a couple jute rugs and this one already has large pieces coming undone in it after only 2 weeks . Not very durable and the jute looks different than the other jute rugs I have. If you want long lasting I suggest pay more for a better rug bc it would be a hassle to return this ...at its large size.
I measured my lounge chair and ordered based on those measurements. The length was fine. It was almost 3 inches short on each side. I can not tie the tie downs because it is so short. The material is nice and appears to be sturdy. I will have to return it.
Color is more of a cherry. Holes were drilled in the edge. It was easy enough to put together. It fits in the area I had picked ot out for. Just very disappointed in color!
It was way too soft for a medium plush they advertised. Returned it.
The product itself was ok. It included a lot of hardware for different mounting options. However it is not universal. It could not mount a Yamaha sound bar to a TCL 55” tv.
Desk is perfect for what we wanted it for. It was fairly easy to assemble with pretty clear directions. The box was not damaged on the outside so I felt confident it survived the shipping. Upon opening it there were some minor cosmetic issues with some of the pieces. The top right side in the front suffered the most damage. It looks like it took a significant hit at some point and the particle board split apart and has a crack about 2 inches long. This is somewhat hidden by the overhang of the top work surface so we felt it would be fine. A couple of the other panels had some dents in them but nothing major. This is going to be used in my daughters room that will most likely get a lot of abuse so we figured the hassle of trying to return it was not worth it. I guess the lesson learned is to be very wary of buying furniture online.
Looks good. The legs are sturdy but the tops of the table and benches are not. Some of the corners have dings from shipping. If I can get a partial refund I will replace the tops with real wood otherwise I need to find a way to return it.
I read reviews and bought a queen from the same company. The cal king is not as firm. I really needed a little firmer. The same as the queen ordered before. Really sorry. Frustrated. In fact I bought two queens because I loved them. Same company.
Sturdy but too small
It is an alright table but they should definitely take the time out of their day to fix the instructions. Thank god I checked one star reviews when I was having trouble assembling it.. I had to go to YouTube of course because the lack of info in the directions causing me to set it up completely opposite of how it should of been.. well shoot, I followed the piece of paper and it was wrong. Just use YouTube to set it up instead of wasting your Time putting it together then having to take out every single bolt. Oh and it does waggle a little but not as much as everybody makes it seem. Just make sure you don't tighten all the bolts right away so everything is even. It may help but I'm sure as hell not taking it back apart and starting over
Not comfortable to sleep on floor. TOO thin.
While this is a decent looking coffee table. Assembly was not fun. Pre drilled holes did not always line up, i had to drill a few new holes and now have to extract a dowel that is totally out of line and sticking out. Some cam bolts and locks were missing, but I had spares from other furniture assemblies. Short phillips screws heads are soft and strip easily.
Beautiful rug, just not sure why I received one that's dirty? When it arrived it was not raining outside, yet the rug was damp and had a weird smell. I was putting the rug down and noticed a ton of dirt coming out of the rug onto the floor. There are also mud stains on the underneath of the rug.
I was very excited for this crate. The assembly process took a little longer than normal due to holes not lining up. However once assembled the crate was exactly what I was looking for. It fit in my living room wonderfully without sticking out like a sore thumb. However I've had this crate 2 weeks and it's completely unusable now. The wooden bars on the door all snapped making it unusable.
The bench looks fine but the quality is poor. The storage doors do not line up (one sticks out further than the other) and one door rubs against the arm handle when closing. Also, there were holes for the hinge on one side but in the wrong place. No hinge holes on the other side at all. Quality control with this manufacturer is suffering. Overall not bad, just overpriced.
It will lay flat and does not sit like the photo. Plus it smells horrible. I was very disapppinted with it and never use it, but it is cheaper than other bean bags...I would suggest coughing up the money to just buy a real beanbag.
nice topper ,but too hard,wish it had been plush. Had to return it
These shelves are garbage. We go this to hold our sons toys in his playroom. Some of the rods don't quite fit in the holes so the unit is bent, even with using a mallet to knock them in. The plastic pieces are also very weak. I would look elsewhere.
Honestly that color is not espresso by any stretch. The legs are plastic and broke right away. It was truly a pain to put together and the sliding doors are a joke with 2 of the plastic slider things broke as soon as put it together. Very dissappointed
the table top is very cheep vinyl covered particle board, not suitable for cutting on. the screws of the table top arrived stripped on two sides so the top is very wobbly. i will probably cut my own solid wood top to replace. the metal racking part is fine but lighter and thinner than the other metal racks i have of the same style so it's easy to wheel around the kitchen. the castor wheels kinda suck too but they work.
Overall it looks nice BUT.... I had to do some serious research before purchasing this stand as the measurement seems to be wrong. Note- This is deeper than advertised, about 14” and not 8”. It works great for me but important to know in case and you are looking for something different. I'm pretty handy yet putting this together was a true headache. The instructions are not clear, several holes were missing and I had to skip few screws. I only hope this is stable enough.... You must have professional tolls in order to put it together. As I said it looks nice but I'm not sure it was worth the hassle....
Got this pouf yesterday and the knitting has already come undone...not made well at all!
Cheap material and not all material was included.
We have these for our main seats in our living room. One collapses just about every time you sit in it. Kind of disappointing. If it weren't for this, I would have given 5 stars.
This chair does not last I would never buy this chair again in fact I'm looking for another chair to replace this one
The headboard leg didn't match plywood hole, also and the headboard side had damaged.
Feels cheaply made, not that comfortable, and a number of areas are hollow on the inside with just upholstery over it. The back is not separate from the seat, so if you want to lean back you have to lift your legs as well. I think really the only positives I can pull from this is that it's tall enough for someone like me who is 6'3" that my head can actually rest on it.
I like it but my tv didn't fit on it is said for a a 55” and my tv is only a 50”
Chair arrived on time, but upon opening the box I discovered there were no instructions for assembly. Thank goodness a few other amazon reviewers had posted a picture of their instructions, so I could at least squint to get the basic idea. Unfortunately, the trouble did not end there. In several places the screw holes would not accept the screw which led to my husband and I both trying to force pieces together. After several weeks, one of the screws simply fell out and onto the floor. The drafting height is nice for my standing desk to have an option to sit, but the chair does sink several inches once you sit on it, so take that into account if you were counting on being able to use it at its highest setting. I'm not sure if it is going to hold together for a full year of use, but I suppose it is what it is. If I wanted a decent quality chair, I should have put a bit more money into the purchase.
Nice modern farmhouse touch to decor. Color is grayish taupe. Easy to assemble.
Not so good quality. Would give it no stars if I could !!! Deleting it completely made me feel better.
Sheds an is falling apart
The thought of the tv stand looked aesthetically pleasing. Unfortunately the way in which it was shipped causes a lot of risk for both the buyer and seller. My shelf came broke in half and likely dropped while en route to my home. Better care or instructions on shipping is recommended. After trying to return it. I have to either ship a 70 lb bulky item back myself or arrange for a freight carrier with amazon that gave me a 4 hour window which requires me to be home. I don't get my refund until this is completed. This should just be thrown out and save everyone an inconvenience so i could either A. Order again. Or B. Get my refund. Now I have a large object sitting in my house for a week before I can get anything done.
The material is very cheap and it was NOT easy to set up
This thing is ENORMOUS. Easily fit two adults. That being said, this thing will dominate a room. To throw it out we had to empty it by hand into 10 TEN large garbage bags! Get a couch.
Seat cushion and arm cushion is already losing its form after a few weeks. Would not recommmend even at what seems to be a decent price.
Edited post: So originally we thought this was a nice bed. It had arrived on time and was easy to put together with 2 people. We have since run into some major issues. The slats underneath keep breaking even though we have been careful not to over stress them. Also, the main support bar keeps bending and has a large crack in it now. Its ruined our $900 mattress because it's not supporting it the way it is supposed to. And I will add, my husband and I are not large people by any means, so there is no reason for it to be buckling as bad as it is. Overall appearance is nice though and we do appreciate the extra storage. It would probably be fine for a guest room if it's not used often.
It looked nice for the first week, then it started to rust. I clean up water as quickly as I can but it still rusts very easily. The quality of the metal is pretty garbage. All of the spots in the picture are rust, not dirt/food.
French Gray color is MUCH lighter than pictured. Powder Gray is a better description.
So bummed about this rug. It looked so good in my living room- but I've only had it for three weeks- and it looks like this. There's two more spots where the thread has came out-
Ordered a full size, they shipped a twin! 😡. New one will not arrive for 6 days! Not happy about that!
It is not that comfortable. If I lay on my side too long then my side will go numb. I would definitely not recommend the product if you want good sleep quality.
Lasted only a few months until the back broke. The welds broke that hold the back to the adjuster. When assessing the breakage, it was obvious it was never welded correctly.
The chair is fine if you are 12 or younger....your details lead to believe the chair was bigger..my husband is 5'11" and 180 lbs his feet hang off the chair...if I could send it back I would!!!!!!!
Before the leg broke, this chair was pretty comfortable and functional. But at about the seven month mark, the leg snapped with little warning. To its credit, it's stable enough for use until it's replaced. Be warned if you will be using it frequently, on carpet, or if you're heavier.
Package delievered late and the product comes in multiple boxes (3). I received 1 of 3, late, and now im waiting to receive the other 2 package deliveries.
the cushion on this seat is cheaply made and not comfortable. I also had this delivered without two of the plastic covers for the bottom of the legs.
Nice knife, can't apply to much pressure or the blade will fold back up. I used the blade to cut open bags and packages for while, but after i tried to cut something with a lot of force the blade folded back up. Something you wouldn't want to happen if the moment calls for drastic measures. Also the blade is longer than the palm of your hand.
We love this unit when it is open. It glides easily over the carpet and is relatively sturdy. The gray color is handsome and blends into our decor perfectly. However, we don't use it 24/7 and bought it so the top could be unhooked to hang down and the legs could be slid into the end of the couch so it could disappear when not in use. The problem? The unit won't stay balanced and topples over. :( In the first photo I've enclosed, the unit won't stay in that position without my foot holding it. If I take my foot off, photo two happens, which is loud and jarring and not at all helpful. It stores poorly in the fallen over position.......
Look nice but too squeaky after months use
The cabinet was shipped to me directly from Sauder. It arrived with the box destroyed and taped together and most of the parts broken or damaged in some way. It was RIDICULOUS. And it's super heavy so it's not like I could just send it back or I would have. So I took pictures of it from my front porch to unpacking it, to removing each piece from the box and placed three separate orders for replacement parts because you can only order 6 parts per order. I was BEYOND ticked off. I don't know if this thing was returned by someone or if UPS was wreckless in shipment and delivery but it was a mess. Spider should really ship this piece in two,separate boxes because it's that heavy.
Had to return. It came broken
I have previously purchased 3-4 sets of these types of Kitchen Rugs from Macy's -- the ones I received here were not the same quality -- much thinner , fabric not as nice , floor adhesive not as good .. disappointed -- would have returned if had been a local store purchase .. Next time , I go back to Macy's
I received the package with only 3 screws. How I'm I suppose to put this together. The bag where the screws were suppose to be in was somehow opened. Not to mentioned when I got the packaging the tape on the box was loose too. The table is awesome but now I have to go to the store and waste my time and money to get it together.
There were pieces missing to put together. The 2 brackets that hold the shelf for the glass were not in the package. I had to go to Lowe's and get similar brackets. You should check the package and make sure all the necessary parts are included.
So this table is gray. The product description says off white but it's a dark gray. Not at all what I was expecting.
The table was flawed on top, with bubbled areas and scratches in polyurethane finish. I will say it was the perfect size and easy to put together.
DO NOT BUY!! Like others have said, my friend was sitting in the seat and without warning, the seat broke off from the base/legs. Thankfully, my friend wasn't severely hurt. ---- I own three of these stools and while they're lovely to look at and comfortable until this point, I'm afraid to sit in the others because someone could get hurt. If there is a better way to reinforce the weld that's holding the seat to the adjustable screw rod then these would be great! Otherwise, it's a ticking time bomb as to when they will suddenly give out.
If you don't want the hassle an inconvenience please buy this product from another vendor. When I received this product and assembled it I had to request a return because the Lights at the top did not work. The company did send out a replacement however the replacement was not the one I originally bought that was pictured in the advertisement on amazon. If you look at both mirrors pictured one has a more authentic look with the front key while to other has a more modern look with the key on the side. I would say this is a great product because it holds all my jewelry but skip the hassle and purchase from another company.
i'm giving this a one because it arrived with the table top cracked. tried to send it back but could not get into amz, sight.
This is a beautiful chair, works great and it's comfortable. The problem is the size. It is sized to fit a person 5'5". I am 5'9" and my feet and half my calves hang off the door rest.
Bought at a slight discount, open box etc. Couple of dents, no problem. However, one end of wood top was completely broken off. Needed a clamp big enough to go around entire table and wood glue to repair. I hope. Too much of a pain in the ass to attempt to reassemble box and send back. Needed table asap. Ends of tabletop look flimsy anyway, which is why wood snapped ALONG GRAIN. Will also reinforce both ends. A word to the wise, BEWARE.
was not what i expected.
Sunk into pad n definitely not cool
Love the desk other than how lightweight it is. I use an eraser, and have to hold the desk still even when pinned between two filing cabinets. I also wish it has a solid back to cover and hide cords. We painted the bottom and back black to hide the cheap wood look, as only one side of each board is painted, excluding the legs.
We ordered 2 of these. It took 3 hours to build them because holes didn't line up. Or the screw heads stripped out. On one of them, we never got one of the screws in. I would not recommend.
Desk looks nice, but smaller than seems in picture. Drawers could be constructed a little better. A bit Aggravating to put together with all the cams, screws, nails, etc took about an hour and a half, and desk top was tough to line up. A couple pieces were dented, scratched, and dinged upon arrival. You would think after all these years these furniture engineers would have a better system of putting these things together!
Ordered a full size and was too small for my bed barely covered my mattress
Extremely flimsy not recommended for heavy use.
I did research and read the reviews and thought I should chance the purchase since I want this look for my kitchen. The first chair was fantastic. I love the look, exactly what I pictured! Super easy to put together! Then tried the next chair...the holes were not lined up properly and the bars on the bottom were uneven. It looked ridiculous. I should have returned, but was in the process of moving. The bar has now broke off. I will eventually be purchasing new stools for my kitchen, but am very sad it won't be these. I can not chance it again.
Cheap quality! Doors don't open smoothly! Very disappointed!
The rug was so washed out that it looked practically beige. I was hoping the colors would be a little brighter but i was pretty disappointed.
Not very sturdy. Cup holder pulls out but bends downward easily. Afraid to put drink in it.
Ok so this dresser is absolutely dangerous I bought it for my child's room and before I fixed the drawers in the picture the instructions told me to put the tracks on upside down well when I did that I thought that's how it was supposed to be and didn't question it ...my toddler pulled the drawer out and it fell on him...we had to take him yo the hospital thank God there was no serious injury he just got a minor concussion but the instructions for this product are completely backwards when it comes to the placement of the gliding rails ... This was a hassle to put together took me 8/9 hours to build the holes are not pre drilled so if u don't own a power drill it is back breaking work and if I don't place items just right the wood will splinter and I could stab urself with protruding nails ... Worst purchase ever thank God Im getting a full refund my poor baby could have been horribly hurt by this thing
I really like the chair but one of the holes for where you screw in the arm rest to connect to the rest of the chair is off by like half an inch so one of the arms of the chairs isn't screwed in all the way, if I tighten the top screw a lot if works ok but for 80 dollars the chair should have been better made
This chair is uncomfortable and remains unused. The cushion and backing is hard as rock. I'm a little disappoint with this piece and the matching recliner to this set is soft and kinda comfy. Dissatisfied with this product
edited review because it's impossible to change the height of the step slab if a few crumbs get in the crack. I've also been to friends houses who have homemade ones and the kids can get in and out themselves once big enough and they fit two more easily!
The piece it self looks nice. But one of the boards is chipped and another board is missing the inserts in the high holes so we can put the pieces together. We tried contacting the seller over a week ago with no response. Now it is no longer for sale at the price I had paid for it so I cant just rebuy and return the one I have. I am pretty dissapointed with this purchase :(
the love seat in 8 mounts is falling apart
Hi Jen: Like you I"m new to this online shopping stuff. (about 90 days or so) and this was my 8th. Or 9th. Order. L didn't catch on too quick. But I kind of get it now, and for me it"s a gamble and risk. It shouldn't be. I have come to really depend on the description, and the photo of the item, when I seen your item (BAMBOO Lacquered BED SHELF) It was more than perfect. Your item was the first one that I got real excited about, to the point that it made me think of all that I would need to go along with the BED TABLE! I"V never done that EVER. Now I'm sorry, but you can't understand my hurt and disappointment, when I got the shelf! It was not at all what i seen on the add.I don't like returning things, I don't buy to return. But I made sure it went back the next day! I"m not a picky person, and some things I can over look, nothings perfect.but, there was no way i could over look that shelf. SORRY, NO!, Like I said, i"m new to this shopping stuff and i"v come to not to expect too much. The only thing I"v ordered that matches the photo and descript. Are , Tee- shirts, underwear, and socks! But that's just me! Any way Jen, I"m sorry about this review, but there it is! "It was too small(way too small), the craftsmanship was poor, and it was just hard to look at Sorry.
Pros: Its beautiful. It fits perfectly in the space I intended it for. It is exactly what I wanted in a vanity. The drawer space is perfect for my makeup. Cons: It was scratched upon arrival. Very upsetting, especially since it is right on the top, and can not be hidden. Also there were wrong parts, that would not allow proper assembly. I should have considered the other reviews, because this seems to be a problem with this product. Pick a different company, or vanity. One that will not arrive beaten up.
This chair has lasted me less than a year. The piston is not keeping the chair elevated. The seat itself is extremely uncomfortable. It looks nice and that is about the only good thing I can say about it. I have to buy a new chair now but I will avoid this one.
The construction of the structural components of the table are great, and the item looks awesome. However, I plugged the outlet port in for the first time yesterday, which caused a loud pop and a bunch of smoke to flow from the built in outlet/usb ports.
Beautiful looking bed but not made very well. Did not feel it was made to be sturdy. Cheaply made and poor quality of wood.
Working 10 hour shifts not a good chair. Can only adjust the chair by going up and down.
If you are looking for a cloud-like mattress, you might want to look elsewhere. We had to put a thick foam pad on this mattress to be able to sleep on it. Very disappointed.
Badly packaged box came half open and most of the foam was broken like if it had been thrown around
Product received in damaged condition. Realized extent of damage after assembly almost completed since came in components. Unable to contact for product return.
Too difficult to assemble. There's a section that has a double sided screw on both sides of the shelf unit. In order to get the wood pieces to fit properly, you have to have each part of the double sided screw evenly screwed in, on both sides no less, which is almost impossible doing it by hand. Otherwise the whole thing is slightly uneven and less stable. It's tough to explain, but for $75 there are way nicer and cheaper shelves out there. Get one of those instead.
Cheap cheap cheap. Putty covered - and then dyed. It is cheap. Did I say cheap? So - it you want a disposible wooden bed (we're showing a home and one room needed a bed - just for show). It is perfect for that. Beyond that ? There is a reason for why this is so reasonable. It's a loose collection of wood - patched, machined from (I'm guessing) SE ASia. Cheap cheap.
From the reviews, I had higher expectations I guess. It's a regular piece of foam but not very firm.
Extremely poor quality. It is not made of wood. It is pressed cardboard. Needless to say it looks as bad as it is.
Not sure what kind of chemicals this thing was treated with, but nearly passed out when I opened the box. Smells, absolutely terrible! There were also paint marks inside the box, from being packaged whilst still wet. This mudroom bench, now lives in the garage.
This bed and dresser is horrible. Do not buy. The headboard won't stay put. The wood is super thin and cheap. It cracks extremely easy. Worst buy yet from amazon. I have had the bed for a month and the wood is already cracking.
The instructions to assemble weren't as clear cut as it should be, it wasn't lettered for each part. At first it did feel sturdy, but after pushing it around to put it in the perfect spot in my room, it wobbles badly now. I wouldn't really recommend purchasing this item.
Very small sitting between arm rest. Cheap plastic
The tables and chairs were way smaller than I expected, but that was my fault for not reading the dimensions. The chairs are also not easy to fold up and I had to use a screwdriver to push the metal piece through to close them.
Very pretty but not to our liking.
Is flimsy and not stable
A little disappointed that not even a month it's been in the house and a seam came un-sewn and the filling is coming out. The stitching isn't very durable and it's just every day use for us. It was a good value but you don't spend this much on a bean bag to be fixing it and cleaning up after it a month later.
The rug I received looks nothing like the picture on Amazon. The colors are very dull and not vibrate as shown. Would not recommend.
This lasted about 1 year, then the leg broke. The quality isn't that great and if you have a long-term guests (2 weeks+) this futon can actually become quite uncomfortable.
I did not receive the item pictured, and didn't realize it until it was partially assembled. When I wrote to the seller they were only willing to refund $10.00 even though I could get the item they sent for $40.00 less. The item itself is fine, just not what I ordered.
Terrible finish. Rough to touch, hurt my skin when I tried to move it.
Mine came damaged :( Easier to just deal with it than return.
It did a good job on my flight from Seoul to Atlanta. Very sturdy. Only down fall was my feet slid to the middle of the sling to where one foot was on top of the other. But it filled its purpose and helped make an agonizing 14 hour flight bearable.
It's more like a 3" pad, never quite expanded to full dimension
Backing comes off in wash. Also doesn't lie flat after wash.
I did review this once before and it disappeared but I had contacted Amazon several times about this because whoever they had ship it did an awful job the packaging was completely destroyed on the outside and on the inside there was chips on the wood and it was all chips that couldn't be hidden it's right on top right on the front and they refused to send a replacement even though they failed to ship it correctly and they would not even help me get a replacement piece or anything like that so I was very disappointed they do look very nice but with the chips and everything they will not last at all and it made them look very cheap you can see the drag marks from them trying to drag it up my driveway and they just decided to leave it in the middle of my driveway right in front of the garage for anyone to steal it wasn't package good no protection every box was torn and punctured that would has several chips
Disappointing product. My sofa is 3 feet from wall. That area is a passageway to the rear if the house and 2 bedrooms and I did not want the electrical cord across the 3 ft aisle. Unfortunately, the charge on the power supply lasts about 3 days. I'm the only one that sits on the sofa.... I may recline it 3 times max a day and it has to be recharged. Several of the reviews stated the charge lasts weeks. What happened? Did I receive a flawed item?
Bought this as Christmas present for grandchildren. Coming apart already
Very disappointed with this bedframe. Yes it holds up the bed well, but if you move around at all, the bed supports are so weak they move and scratch up your floors. I definitely would not recommend.
Several pieces had scratches and the finishing on the edges was poorly done . The top has a noticeable flaw in the right corner that either occurred during manufacturing or shipping. The doors are not flush with the bottom so you can notice a unfinished section of wood. Some of the pieces don't fit flush together so it wobbles a bit so just hoping it doesn't fall over with my TV on it. I wouldn't purchase this again I'd spend my money on a different product.
Cute rug, but it slides on hardwood floors. Also the edges began curling up after a few weeks.
I ordered it weeks ago, first they're lost my package then i replaced the order. But with low quality parts? No way to solve it.
It may be a fine mattress but I've been trying to find a plush one and this was advertised as such but was firmer than the last one I tried which was not supposed to be as soft/plush. I was just disappointed by the description, wasn't what I was looking for as I've had back surgeries and was needing something very soft.
There was rust on the tubes right out of the box. While assembly was not difficult, it was time consuming. The umbrella on top looks nice but isn't very functional since it keeps little sun from hitting the user.
Though the product itself would have been perfect it was not due to the atrocious shipping. The box was ripped to all get out when it arrived and it was raining so the futon itself was soaked. VERY disappointed in shipping and delivery of item. Again though, the futon itself is wonderful aside from the fact that it was soaked and initially unusable
Not the same color pink as shown in the picture. Almost white. Also, very thin
The chair is not that comfortable to sit in for several hours. I also didn't like the very artificial feel of the material. Sending it back was no hassle at all.
When I received the desk, the box it came in was wet and had damage done to it. Took all the pieces out to make sure the hardware/boards were okay and some of the boards had dents and one was cracked.
Product was made with all predrilled holes too big for the supplied screws and dowels. The hang wooden piece kept falling out repeatedly when I was attaching the top and front pieces because the dowels were too small. Very frustrating to assemble because of this
It looks nice but unstable. The wheels dont work very well. Disappointed as I thought it was the good storage solution between my washer and dryer.
I'm really disappointed in this piece. I was excited to get extra room in our kitchen. When I went to put it together the predrilled holes did not line up with the holes in the iron piece for the top. I'm working on re-drilling holes now but they were 3+ cm off from where they needed to be in order to match up.
Major problem . Dealing with folds from the way it is rolled. Still trying to flatten it.
The doors do not sit level and the magnetic closure to close the doors. Very weak magnets so door swings open all the time. So so product.
I don't leave bad reviews often but this company are TOTAL crooks! We bought this chair less than a year ago, and the cylinder in the chair has already broke. There is SUPPOSED to be a 2-year manufacturer warranty but neither the company we bought it from nor the manufacturer say that they can help us! I don't care how easy the chair is to assemble or how comfortable it is (until it breaks), if they won't hold to their commitment to fix it then that's robbery. It's not like it was some $20 chair ?! Angry beyond words. Don't be duped.
My fault for reading more into. Does not hold it's adjustment height. Falls in after a bit of usage. Looks sturdy till you use it.
I was disapointed. The materials were very thin. The screws were very cheap and not sturdy to twist and hold product together. I am not real picky so for me to be negative says alot. The product "looks" nice and is a great size for a small bedside table. If a little more effort was given to the product materials this would have been a good find. I'm using it because I hate sending things back...too much trouble. We are going to use it while it lasts....nobody sneezes and we're good!
I was disappointed with the quality of the metal. I was expecting heavy iron or steel. This felt like lightweight aluminum.
The back part was splitting off the bottom which was a bummer I had to glue it and hold it in place for a while to get it to stick
I love these! They were packaged well (almost to well) no damage but they had a very strong smell!! I wiped it down with some Mrs. Meyers The only this is the top wood is soft :( I don't see them lasting as the picture makes them look very solid... not so much. I am gong to have to return these because the smell is not dissipating which is a huge disappointment.
Mirror corners did not join nicely and were damaged.
If you are looking for a dresser that can carry any type of weight including clothes, this is not a good choice. After putting together the dresser, it constantly fell apart and the parts do not hold tight enough for it to be used regularly.
Bought this headboard with the bed shown in the picture. They do not fit together! It's quite annoying to me. The headboard is about 1-2 inches too narrow for the bed to be able to sit against it. Therefore there is a little gap between the bed and headboard where things can fall and can't be retrieved unless you move out the bed. However, I do like the look.
Rug will not lay flat!! Have tried everything but still has ripples. Love the color though.
Inexpensive or cheap? Sorry to say in this case, cheap describes price and quality. It fits nicely in the space it was intended for. Table is not balanced. Chairs are not comfortable, but are very stable. Took longer to put together than I would have thought, but not drastically so. I would not, however, recommend it.
Cute as a button but way too small for The money! Child size.
The product was good, but I was unhappy as soon as I saw the package because immediately I suspect it was a return item since the box that contain the chair and table was in very poor condition and when after I unbox everything I find a quarter size dent on one of the chair and some scratches here and there. The product is good but the company was not good for selling me a damage and used item. I keep it anyway because I didn't want to go through the return and exchange process.
Inhave ordered total 8 chairs with good rates from Amazon. Quality of chair is decent but the assembly was time consuming. And after assembly, the chair was uneven and I thought it could be with only one chair but it has happened with almost all the chairs. I have assembled 6 of them but now thinking of returning the remaining 2 chairs.
Unfortunately, this is not the mattress for me. This is only my first night on it, after allowing it to settle for 72 hours, but I've only been able to sleep for about 3 hours so far before waking up due to back pain and overheating. My hips have sunken far lower than the rest of my body and it feels like I can hardly change positions to get more comfortable because of being stuck in this pocket of the bed. When I try to move around the pocket, I end up falling back into it because it's not filling back in, for lack of better words. I'm having the same issue sleeping on my back as sleeping on my side or stomach. I've slept comfortably on foam mattresses before, due to travel, but I can't recommend this one. That being said, set up was simple and there's no smell to the mattress.
not very useful for my toddler. steps not wide enough and tip over easily.
Certainly feel cheap! Look good though. Company was a bit rude when I said they were too large, wanted to charge me to ship. (Large as in the piece of metal in the bottom)
Chair is not durable .....
I have had restless nights for a month and was blaming my new memory foam mattress for it. Sagging in the middle, creaking when I sat on it. I finally took it apart, unzipped the box spring cover and found that the mattress wasn't to blame at all, it was the box spring. There isn't 10 bucks worth of wood in this whole thing, and they cut corners by finger jointing the wood every foot or so. Look a the picture, this is a structural piece and it isn't even solid wood. I had to reinforce it with 2 x 4s. Yep. Spent a hundred bucks for it and then had to use $2.50 lumber to repair it. If you're getting this for a toddler bed it might not break, but for an adult, this thing is not going to last.
Would have given 5 stars but as you can see i the pics.. one of the corners was cracked.. needed table immediately and was way too heavy to try to even think about trying to ship back. The cracked corner is up against the corner for now.. and the table does look awesome.
The item had awful wood work where the pieces come together. I've never seen anything like it. Cheap is not always better.
Cabinet was made with cheep materials. It is not difficult to assemble, but the directions are not clear or specific, and cause you to make some trial and error decisions about how to place some pieces. Would not recommend.
Although the chair is very pretty, it unfortunately arrived severely damaged. Oddly enough, the shipping box was in perfect condition. I took my chances despite reading the reviews, but a majority of customers are right! I really hope the replacement chair is in perfect condition the second time around.
It was pretty but the assembly was ridiculous. The holes in place for the screws were too small for the bolts (for BOTH chairs). I had to actively shave the metal with a sharp object to stretch it out and I still do not feel comfortable sitting on the chairs. I do not recommend this product.
It is suppose to be white! I ordered it because I hv white cabinets got it and the color is more cream not white it looks almost ec u or beige like next to my white cupboards. Needless to say I was quite disappointed. Also the drawers and doors don't line up.
My dresser was missing the bottoms to the drawers. I have to return it
The bed looks great, while it lasted. I'm not usually one to complain about things. If i can fix it then I wont say anything. BUT The whole middle beam caved in. I was laying in bed around midnight I feel myself sinking because the whole middle piece bent. NOW my mattress is sitting on the floor until I guess I buy something else. I had to take the whole bed apart at 12 at night just to be able to sleep. I had to pull each wood panel out. Just a waste of money and time. I would not recommend.
Not the quality you expect with that price tag. This sofa is so frágil I'll never sleep on it!
Not very sturdy if you are a big guy. Would be great for smaller people who sleep alone or only sleep in the bed.
Didn't come with directions? With someone who is not good at putting things together, every item that requires building should include directions.
Extremely flimsy and not very happy with my purchase.
1st one was delivered damaged, they replaced no charge but I had to get the old one to a UPS store for return. It's big and bulky and didn't fit in my sedan so had to borrow a truck. 2nd one was perfect when delivered but I am so disappointed now. I have used it occasionally when I have company, maybe 6 times and now the head of the rivet or bolt at the center of the X snapped off. Poor quality hardware, it's not like the people using it are heavy weights, all are well below the weight limit. The bed no longer stays up or down unless the safety pin is in place and it's almost impossible to get it lined up. And now it is too late to get a refund. This is the same problem I had w the 1st delivery. It's a shame they use crappy fasteners on an otherwise good product. So sad, I really like the convenience of the pop up trundle. Maybe I can fix it with a good old USA made bolt.
Was very excited about it! My friend has it and loves it! It's beautiful however unfortunately I never received mine!
Good price, easy to assembled but the front part isn't good design. My pillows keep moving down to the ground.
The assembly instructions were hard to interpret and as a result the table is very unsturdy and it is unclear if it's due to a misinterpretation of the instructions or if it is simply a poorly designed item. You are getting what you are paying for with this item unfortunately.
Bought this in April, it's already lumpy. I would not recommend it for people with arthritis and back pain. I am disappointed, really was hoping for better results
Not what I order. But Amazon took care of me
This was a bitch to put together!!
Horrible, this does not support cali king What so ever
Not really a good support chair, I feel like seating on a hardboard, I bought this chair because the I read the review pretty good. spent more money, buy a better one.
Good color, easy to put together. Smaller than expected, only good for young students.
Beans in the bag were completely useless. After a couple weeks they were totally flat and I had to refill the bag. Now the seam on the front of the bean bag is pulling itself and it's only a matter of time until it rips and creates a huge mess. Being used by a 110 pound teenage girl for gaming btw. She uses it near daily but I mean that's the point of the chair. It's not a poster or a decoration, it's meant to be used.
The bed arrived in a box that was busted open and looked like it was returned and sold again. I thought my vision was failing because I am certain that I ordered a silver bed...the bed is a creamy white...the box reads white...the description reads silver. The good news is that all of the pieces were in the box. We put it together and my daughter loved it as did my husband. It's sturdy and pretty but it's not silver.
Why in the world would anyone want to or think you'd have to assemble a box spring?!
The chair is easy enough to assemble. I didn't like that fact the the instructions had three different size screws listed but I only had two different sizes in my assembly kit. This is kind of disheartening. After assembling I realized that the hydraulic pump does not attach to the bottom it just sits in the base. The plastic armrests are the only thing that attach the back of the chair to the seat and it is very cheap plastic. I am 195 lb and as soon as I sat in the chair it started cracking. I bought this chair for the color and it is spot-on that's why this does not have one star. The seat is not very comfortable either after sitting for about 30 minutes.
I am very disappointed. Very weak Cup holder is made of thin plastic and I do not trust it to hold a cup of fluids. Wood tables are more stable than this product
Bought this for my daughter. Handle stripped out putting it together, the back piece was the wrong color. Was disappointed that the legs and handles were plastic.
Unit is decent but I hired a handy man to put together as I travel. One glass door is shattered and he put the rest of the unit together as I needed it for a rental unit. Now what? No way to get a door and no way to return it... Advice -Buy the same item from Wayfair as they have better customer service. I have photos.
Very thin and flimsy though color is nice.
Did not work for me, wasn't sticky enough
Hydraulics leaked in less than 90 days, chair arrived with cosmetic damage
This is a bad product: 1. Shipment hardware missing 2. Contacted seller...answering machine 3. Not able to expedited the missing hardware 4. To put together...HARD most of the pre-drill hole not aligned
Not all pieces were marked correctly. Screws for knobs are too short won't connect to doors.
I got these for my kids then I got them for my kids again after about 2 months because they broke them. The issue I found is that the plastic that they are made from is very ridged and crack easily under normal kid handling. At the price I chose to try them again after the first last 3 months but not again after seeing that it was just the way they were made. Real is a shame.
This is advertised as free but it had reused parts. One of the arm rests had a large plastic casing that was cracked in half and the adjustment levers had visible wear on them.
First the good, the space-saving feature of this disk is very nice. The desk fits will within the space I have available. Now the bad, the desk arrived with significant damage, as illustrated by the attached pictures. I'm not sure how the damage occurred because the box arrived undamaged. As well as the item was packaged, I have to wonder if the piece was damaged during the manufacturing process and just boxed up "as-is." If so, that's some pretty poor quality control. In addition to all of the damaged corners, the "plate" that attaches to to the top narrow shelf was so bent that we could only insert two of the four screws. So, while the desk is minimally functional, it is not sturdy without the missing screws. This ranks as one of my most disappointing Amazon purchases.
Sadly this is way smaller then I thought the reason why I wanted it is because of the picture I thought it would be a lot bigger I'm really disappointed with it I paid to much for this size
I bought these to use in my RV refrigerator but they don't stay up very well. They're okay at first but as the frig gets colder they seem to slip so they're pretty much useless.
These are vinyl stickers with adhesive on the back not window clings. You can however stick them to your windows (if you don't mind peeling them off) I will not be using these.
Like the other reviewers said, the crystal ball was not even attached when I opened the package. I had to hot glue it several times, and that wasn't a great fix. Also, the color appears more brass than nickel. I kept it but would not recommend this curtain rod.
It looks nice when assembled, but the castors just scrape across a wood or laminate floor rather than roll well. I tried multiple surfaces and it worked ok on flat, bumpy carpet, but it's advertised for a medical clinic, which usually has a hard, cleanable floor. The first one I ordered had a crooked weld where the castors slipped in so the castor sat crooked and scratched my wood floor at home where I put it together. Pay more for better wheels.
It's kinda flimsy. I ordered silver but I got gray instead. I can't be bothered to send it back. Now that it's over my toilet, it's poorly designed. The bottom shelf is too low and it hit my back. I'm glad it wasn't expensive.
Read dimensions on this, very small.
These are incredibly squeaky to sit on! Not the highest quality, but you get what you pay for.
I bought these chairs a year ago. I like the way they look and also they are comfortable but the quality is crappie. The bottom broke out on both chairs.
Mattress is ok. Good to use in a spare room but not for everyday use.
I was disappointed the rug is not a solid black as described it appears to be mixed with white. I am going to try to contact the seller and see if the incorrect product was sent to me.
8" Mattress; As a mattress it gets the job done. Soft enough to sleep on without much issue. As a futon it is impossible to get the frame to articulate into the upward position with this mattress on it. Hopefully it will break in over time so that we can fold it up without needing to remove the mattress. I'm a bit shocked at myself for the part I am about to write; It was packaged TOO TIGHT. The box is glued together so well, you will need a box cutter/knife/sharp scissors/the will of the Lord Almighty Himself in order to get this open. Like, not normal levels of adhesion going on here. To top things off, my packing bag had a small tear, so the mattress started to inflate sometime during shipping, making it very difficult to unpack without potentially ripping the mattress with the above listed items of destruction. If I made this purchase again, I would probably go with the 6". This is just a futon, not a permanent fixture to sleep on every night. 8" was overkill.
To flabby a waste of mo to me but o well
It arrived with holes on the upper right back portion of the cover. Other than that, I love and it it fits my office chair well. Everyone who sees it loves the design.
Not very good quality for the price.
Still too new to know how it will perform down the road. It was sent to us defective, and we have to borrow electric drill and drill bits to to drill two holes that instantly went through the other side. We will need to spend money on wood putty and stain, but after all that is done it will still look imperfect. This is after we spent days contacting Zinus and was informed that since we bought from Amazon, they would do nothing for us.
The knob on one of the draws would not screw in and there's no way to contact anyone to get another piece . It looks very pretty but it's also short and not a lot of leg room when you try and sit down
The return policy is awful
I really really want to like this more but it is very very very difficult to make the door stay shut. I've tried all I can think of but unless you sit there and keep closing it over and over until it decides to stay then the whole thing hangs wide open. I would have returned it except that this problem does not appear until after it's put together and on the wall.
The chair was fairly comfortable and lasted me till today, was leaning back in it and the metal bar on the bottom snapped. the previous day both of the Arm rests broke as well. Still the chair lasted me for a few years since i had bought it in March of 2017. Wish it had lasted longer. There was also problems with it as i would keep having to tighten up the bolts to keep everything together.
I purchased the gray one, but they sent me a charcoal colored one of what looks to be a completely different style rug. The rug I got was chenille-looking fabric with rounded edges. Definitely not what I ordered.
The product is good quality and easy to assemble, however it did not help my lower back condition.
Not comfortable. Did not get to use it much.
It's beautiful as the picture shows, but falls apart easily. I've had it for less than 3 months and it's already falling apart.
Top of leg came in damaged. I don't like how there are gaps in between some of the legs and shelf/table top. Some sides are okay. I do like the stand. Just hate it came in damaged. Tried to call replacement parts but no response.
Looked great when it arrived, but the chair quickly fell apart and the faux leather tore very easily.
I setup the chair around 20 days ago. My wife and I are the only users. The backrest broke and there is no back support now. I am hoping to get a replacement from them.
Just unbelievably creaky. Just small movements and it squeaks so freaking annoying.
Very sturdy ottoman box. However the color is more Blue than Teal.
I picked this couch because it is easy to assemble and it's lightweight compared to other couches. I am a Realtor and purchased this couch to use as a staging piece. I love the color, it's a medium gray color, not as dark as the picture shows. I gave this couch 2 stars because it came damaged. The arm on the right side of the couch was falling off (the piece covered with fabric that is on the front of the arm when looking at the couch), the pegs that are supposed to line up in the wood to hold it together were sinking into the wood piece and the wood was cracked. It was dangling since the pegs could not hold it together. I bought wood glue and I'm currently trying to clamp the piece to get it to bond and hold. I would have given this couch 5 stars had I not had this damage issue. It's actually a comfortable couch to sit on and it works well in a smaller space.
Easy to assemble exactly what I expected Update: 6 months later it so squeaky like annoyingly so im going to buy something else update: 9 months The Center support started wobbling and eventually gave way I trashed it
Bought this item for the low pile and one for high pile. The low pile one doesn't grip and slides around. So i bought the one for high pile carpet and this one works well on both high and low pile carpets. Don't waste your money buying the one for low pile carpet just purchase the one for deeper carpet and it works for both. I am buying another high pile one.
Table was easy to put together and is very sturdy but it arrived with damage to the finish which I had to repair myself due to time restraints. Otherwise a great product
I dont like it. It is ok for my hall
Missing some time of the little wood dowel pieces that hide the screws. I have purchased two of these before and not had that problem. Otherwise a very nice luggage rack.
The finished product looks nice BUT you definitely need a hammer or thick book for the small disks because they do not fit on their own. Secondly, it's much shorter than I initially thought it would be. Lastly, mine arrived with several splits in the particle board (one example pictured)
Extremely firm to sit on. It's not a plush sofa at all. Easy to put together
Rug is nice, (but from the pictures I expected it to be a bit thicker, than what it actually is). It is a good quality rug for the price. My dogs love to lay on it It is very pretty and a lighter color than I expected from the pictures of it. I am pleased with the product and would definitely recommend it .
Very uncomfortable, if sharing with someone you can feel every time they move.
We are very happy with the chairs, it's the shipping we are disappointed in. Delivery was 3 days later than what was originally stated. I know 3 days doesn't sound like much but when you package doesn't arrive on the day expected, disappointment. Each day that passes and still no delivery, even more disappointment and anxiety.
The product looks exactly as pictured. Once assembled it is a very nice addition to have.
I like the price and the easy assembly but mine came with a piece on the A bar that was welded on crooked. I ended up having to use a hammer to get it togo into the B bar. All good now just that little bump in the road.
I bought this for my son's jungle theme nursery. We have the monkey and lion cubes and love them. However, the elephant basket looks like a mouse. Maybe if the trunk had more of a contrasting color to the body, it would be better. I wish this had worked because I like the quality, but I will be returning.
One of the buckets came broken. In overall I like it. Will update my review once I get the replacement
Works well. Slides just a little
Having problems with a slow leak. Have re-seated the filter twice but still seems to have a slow drip.
Product came in damaged.
Comfortable but warm to sleep on.
I had this shipped to my son and it arrived in good condition. He said interpreting the instructions was a nightmare! He said it seemed like they were written backwards and in a whole different language. It took more time figuring out the instructions than actually assembling the pieces.
For the price I'm sure there are better. It seems fairly sturdy and was easy to put together however the cuts on some of the pieces were off leaving edges crooked or with gaps.
Works well, but takes up so much more space in locker. Ended up purchasing a wire one
Easy to put together, looks great when set up. Not good quality material.
Legs keep bending in, and had to bend it back out. A button had fallen off 1 week after buying it. Pretty comfortable though and nice for the price.
This is absolutely the worst machining I have ever seen on a chair. What usually would be a fairly simple 20 min. assembly turned into a two hour long struggle trying to force screws into holes that are literally drilled at varying angles and degrees. I gave it three stars for being as comfortable as any comparably priced computer chair and negative two stars for being the most awful thing I have ever had the displeasure of assembling.
I like the design for a small bathroom. However during the building process it says to use the wooden dowels, I did on the first hole and the wood started to splinter. I did not use the remaining wooden pegs for the rest of piece and it still came together well. It is a well made piece for a small space. The only reason I give 3 stars is because the wooden pegs in the instructions should not be used.
It is very easy to put together the parts were a little flimsier then I was expecting (I have seen and used similar shelves) we have carpet and children, I made extra straps to secure it to the wall. Even on hard floor I am not sure I would trust it not to fall over. However that being said we did make it work for homeschooling books and shoes. The directions are quite well done.
Squeaky, the arms were a B to secure, and it gets pretty uncomfortable after a while
The only issue i had with this is it gets very hot, it doesnt stay cool when you're sleeping. Otherwise its lightweight and very comfortable.
Bought two of these for a long hallway. Not satisfied with the (lack of) thickness, felt rough using bare feet. You get what you pay for? Returned.
It's an ok chair for the price. My son is 13 and it is a little small for him. Thought it would be bigger.
This table is a great size for my apartment. I like the way it looks. Also, price was great!!!! The things I don't love about it: -it came with a small blemish/problem on the top of the table - its short, the way the bars are in the middle make it hard to sit close to the table, you can't have your legs totally under it, so while eating you are further from the table than you might want. (or at least farther than I would normally want) -the directions, in my opinion were confusing, specifically when you need to connect the black bars, it was a puzzle that I did not figure out very easily. Once I found a user video, it helped tremendously. I love the way it looks, the price and the size for my smaller apartment.
The chairs looks great and are comfortable, but after 4 months of minimal use they are starting to split along the grain. See pic.
The only reason this review is not a 5 out of 5 is due to the product color. In the picture the product looks to be a DARK brown, however the real product is a very neutral brown. The structure of the product is exactly what I was looking for and great for the price point, just wish it was as dark as the picture.
I have a Table Mate II. I wanted one for my wife and bought this one because it was $13 cheaper. It is definitely lower quality. The table support bracket is about half the thickness, resulting in a wobbly table. Also, the surface is not smooth. It is covered with lines and circles from the manufacturing process. The lines have enough relief to cause a bump on a paper when writing.
the table is very nice although it is not very stable what I do not like about the table is that it is not completely white it has parts that look different color like yellow light
Parts not marked correctly. Difficult to put together.
Still have to reposition rugs several times daily
I mostly like this table, I will cover the defects. It is well packaged. I had to use use the tools provided to assemble the table. I couldn't screw in 2 of the bolts all the way for 2 separate legs. There are some deep enough scratches that go against the grain on the table top. The white paint did not coat the trim completely... i thought it was dirty at first but it is a bad paint job. This a day 1 review after assembly.
Love the table, except that it scratches SO easily. I moved(slid) a plastic tray and scratched the hell out of the top of the table. Also, When I received the table, the box was in PERFECT condition, but several pieces of the table, including the top and shelf, have dents and gouges. Those DID NOT happen during shipping!
This is a great chair for someone other than myself. I was super excited to get this chair. I've been needing a new one for a while, and wanted to get a more genuine gaming chair, so I chose this one. From the time I opened the box, to finishing the assembly I got increasingly sad. The pink looks red, the chair is very stiff and uncomfortable, it's like sitting on a thin cushion on the floor. The arm rests swivel a bit too easily. The seat also "cups" your thigh/hip area. I also noticed the hole cutouts in the head rest area were crooked. While these things may not be a big deal to most, or even things you like, I found all these things to be negatives. I can't sit in this chair comfortably, nor can I sit for extended periods of time in this chair. Not for me.
There was a chip of paint off part of the ladder
It is what it is, cheap rug with a good look.
Oh my this table is gorgeous...but one of the screws on the underside of the table was screwed to deep and is popped through the top when delivered. Awaiting a new table. If the new table comes perfect, I will raise to a 5 star...because it is over the top nice!
The rug is okay. It is pretty but it is very thin and offers no padding for our feet, I am going to get padding to go under it. I have hard wood floors and it slides all over my hallway.
After 2 months of use, the left side drawer won't stay closed. There is no latch or anything so it just opens when you try and push it closed. The table looks great and works wonderful, except the drawer. It gets annoying.
Good entertainment center. Came with a few scratches on it though.
I did like the height but it's about 4 inch wider then any queen mattress out there so be aware
Rug is great however delivery was horrible. When I contacted Amazon they didn't care that the delivery had damaged my property
Heat works great! Massage chair is a very large stretch. Chair doesn't have adjustable back and sits up very straight. Fast shipping!
So far this seems to work fine. My only major complaint is that each module (parent and child) comes with an usb cable, but only 1 usb wall plug (total). This seems asinine.
Very very very difficult to put together. The parts don't fit well, and it's hard to use the given tools. Once out together, it's sturdy.
For the money not a bad chair. It is OK not perfect and in in the future I will be getting a more expensive chair for the better features but this is ok for now
I was so excited to get this rug cause it looked more plush and fluffy than other rugs I've seen. This, however, wasn't the case. It is indeed a very pretty rug but not as soft as I hoped and unfortunately to me, doesn't have a good feel to it either.
it is a very pretty and sturdy table but there were scratches on one set of legs disappointing
Trying to get in touch with the company I purchased this from. Two of the curtains don't fit!
Pros: Looks good Lots of surfaces to place stuff Glass top feels sturdy Easy to move on 5 provided casters Cons: Keyboard tray is flimsy Wood veneer is thin and scratches super easily Came scratched and scuffed right out of the box (not shipping damage, probably from manufacture) Assembly procedure not well thought out Overall not very sturdy I hope you like everything you own being covered in a million tiny fragments of packing styrofoam Regarding the styrofoam, have a vacuum handy when you unpack and assemble. Every surface of the desk is covered in static charged bits of the stuff and it flies everywhere and sticks to everything. Assembly is not particularly well thought out. The manual says it takes approximately 55 minutes to assemble and that's pretty spot on. The desk looks nice and has a good amount of surface area to store things but the overall feel of the desk is thin, flimsy, and cheap. That should be expected at this price point though.
Did not give us the support we needed on the couch. Wish I had not bought this product.
It's a lot smaller than I expected. I know the dimensions state what it is but just very tiny. It's also not comfy at all, very hard.
I share my room with a family member and have been wanting more space and privacy. I decided to get a loft bed so I can place curtains on the bottom half for my desk area. Thankfully, this loft bed fits in my 8 foot tall ceiling and I could lay back on the wall to read. (I am 5'7 and 150 lbs.) however, I cant sit up straight or my head will hit the ceiling. My mattress is 10 inches thick and it fits fine on the frame but I wouldn't recommend it for children. Space underneath fits a desk and bookshelf easily! The downside is the ladder is incredibly uncomfortable to climb up and the trip down is also an inconvenience (especially if you wake up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.) If you have the money, get a loft bed with steps. Also, this bed seems to shake A LOT which makes me question how stable it really is. Hopefully it doesn't break on me because I have my computer setup right underneath. One last thing, BE CAREFUL WHEN ASSEMBLING! When I was on the step of putting the foot and head of the bed together, the middle long pole broke slightly due to its own weight when I picked up the frame. I'm hoping it won't be a problem because of the other support beams on the bed. I don't think this should last more than a year or two. This is great for a temporary bed but if you really like the loft style, invest in a more expensive one.
Wanted to love this but it arrived broken. :(
It doesn't keep the carpet in place well. The carpet slides over it.
quality not great and it runs slightly large
Really small and not great quality. Next time I'll double my budget and get something more substantial and higher quality. Decent enough for what it is, but my kids scratched the "leather" within 20 minutes of setting it up...
The stand itself feels durable and sturdy. Can't say the same about the shelves. For some baffling reason they fasten in with a screw going directly into this frictionless sloped cap, so the degree to which they're secured in place basically comes down to how well you can hand screw in something that you literally cannot grip. I don't know how sturdy they would be in theory if they could be tightened enough to not jiggle around. As it stands I probably wouldn't put anything on them that couldn't go in your pocket. Trying to decide if the stand would be more asthetically pleasing without them because they're pretty useless.
The bed came on Time the boxes came damaged I hope the product isn't damaged.. I'm gonna check once the install comes to put up the bed.
This thing was a breeze to build. I took off 2 stars because the top part came with a giant crack in it. I'll update if the crack causes the thing to implode on itself.
I bought to sit at kitchen counter and almost fell with wheels on. Better for someone of avg height or taller.
They are adjustable in height by rotating the seat. But because of this they wobble and won't stay locked in the desired height you choose. I ended up locking them in place with JB weld on the threads and rotating in to where I wanted it. Now its bonded and won't move but can't be adjusted either.
I received damaged Dining Table. Every dispatched item should be checked before dispatching as the customer suffers with unpacking it and if found damaged then again repacking and proceed for refunds.. had the Table not been damaged I would have loved it..
Gets the job done but definitely looks cheap, and if its gets wet it's ruined
Hello, it is good but some bad because wood is not strong.
I wished this would have been 2.5 to 3. ft wide, then this would have been perfect for what I was looking for. I love the colors and that it has the non-skid pad on the back of it.
This rug was easy to put down and I like the color and the weight but after a few days, my dog had rolled around and his claws had pulled loops out every where and it was not him pulling with his teeth but just rolling and stretching like normal. It looks terrible and if any liquid is spilled on it, it shows spots really bad. I dont think I would order again. It will not stand up like other rugs with normal use.
Functional but really cheesy for the price.
We purchased this fireplace one year and 1 month ago and the heating element has gone out. The blower works fine but there is no heat coming out. When it did work properly, it was an amazing product.
Kind of cheap looking. I replaced the knobs with glass ones to help to improve, but it definitely looks like a cheap piece.
for the price is ok not good quality
not really "heavy duty" just heavy duty that normal. way to hard to change out. that is why there are so many youtube vids on how to remove and install.
Does not metal and wood. Legs are plastic.
I would like to give it a better rating but it did have a couple dings though not in a noticeable place. Also the directions were kind of vague but not impossible to figure out. I will say it was well packaged so any damage was pre existing. Everything lined up properly and all the parts were there.
+ overall nice looking + doesn't feel cramped even with a couple monitors. - build directions can be confusing. If followed exactly, you will end up with a desk. Be mindful that you use the correct screws--easy to use wrong length if you're not paying attention. - styrofoam packing is plentiful and crumbly. You will be finding particles everywhere. - the build itself is among the most tedious I've ever done. A drill with a phillips bit is almost a must-have. - the laminate is quite cheap. If your desk comes without several permanent gouges courtesy of UPS or Fedex, you will have witnessed a miracle. For the price, this is basically a four star product. 2 stars deducted for mutant styrofoam packing and tedium of build. One star added back for cognitive dissonance--'surely it's good if I spent that much time putting it together.' Bottom line: I'm satisfied with what I have, but when I move, this won't be coming with me.
Too short to be useful as a living room table. With casters on, the bottom was too large to slide under the couch. With them off, it was so short it basically just sat over the cushions. Quality is good, easy to assemble, just too small for my needs.
This chair is fine. It's a little too rolly, also it doesn't recline unless you pull the lever, which is a little weird but I guess I get it. Okay chair--you get what you pay for.
Vive Overbed Table. The table is small, it took some elbow grease to push down to get the wheels in and flush in the frame.
ITS OK BUT IT WAS REALLY LIGHT AND A HARD BED.
Omg. This has a gazillion pieces. What they send you is pieces. nothing is put together only the holes are drilled. I'm looking at this unpacked on my floor in all those pieces and crying. I am not a healthy lady and it will take me forever to put this thing together
I planted my herb garden in this but had to take a few out as they weren't doing good. The front middle of each pocket seems to hang and so the water isn't distributed evenly. Still looks cool.
Smaller than expected.. The wood is nice though!
It's great but after a few months have to retighten the screws so keep your hex key/alien wrench
I ordered two, one for each of my kids and one arrived with a broken zipper. I returned and reordered ans received the new one with a completely different reinforced zipper than the first two I ordered and in different packaging. Not sure if the first two I ordered were returned by someone else as the packaging looked like it was placed in a ziplock bag with the cover of the package . Packaging was different with reorder. Now I have two functioning chairs for the boys and they like it!
This is the perfect liner grip for an area rug BUT it's too thick! Should have paid more attention to this measurement. Don't like to see or feel a raised area under my rugs no matter where they are placed in my home.
I love the look and the color! Storage area is great. However, the very first time my 8 year old granddaughter (not very heavy; only 51 lbs) sat on it for 30 minutes, it left a dented area in the cushion top. Now the top is no longer smooth and clean looking. Instead, the vinyl leather material is loose and wavy and it has only been sat on briefly, a total of 3 times. Very disappointing, as I purchased it for extra seating.
Nice once it was assembled, minor imperfections on desk top . Seller gave me a credit on purchase price. Covered the imperfections with computer pieces. Assembly was tricky but doable. Listen to the one line only tighten all screws once all are in place.
Should make the chair higher in back. I have noticed the back is low for my 4 year old Granddaughter whom is avg height for her age. When she reclines she hangs off quite a bit. I would recommend maybe for 1-3 years old
Does not come down in the front as far as the picture alludes to
This is a nice quality chair, very good looking. It does not fit my body and kills my back, I am sorry I ever bought it and will be giving it away.
I am giving this 3 stars because we actually did not get to sleep on it at all so I cannot fully review if you can get a good night's rest on it. I ordered a full size and it does not fit into a standard full size frame. If my bed frame was a platform bed frame it may have fit but with maybe an inch hanging off. Amazon customer service was great hence the 3 stars or else it would have gotten a 1 Star.
Looks nice but cheap quality
Easy to assemble just be aware that when screwing in the screws the wood will crack. Only downfall to this item.
Looks nice but very small in depth only fit a couple piece of clothing in each drawer. Would recommend for a childs room....
Really cute design, but quality could be better...wish it was not the shag material.. too hard to clean ... extremely thin, must use a rug pad...
stays cold forever but way too easy to poke a hole in it. started leaking after the first use
This product is functional but nothing to write home about. It's certainly better than what I was replacing, but it is clearly a budget product.
The bench seems sturdy even through one of the legs cracked while assembling it. I wrote the manufacturer and asked if I could purchase one leg. They said since I bought it from Amazon, I would have to take it up with them directly. Since I had already assembled and didn't want to try to repackage, I didn't pursue a return. Be wary that manufacturers are not always willing to provide parts unless you buy direct.
I'm a little upset because this mattress was not advertised as being this firm. I enjoy a firm mattress, but this is VERY firm. I did read the reviews and it was really mixed so I decided to go for it. We are going to give it some time and possibly buy a topper if we don't get used to it. Overall I think it's a good buy if you like your mattresses extra firm. I'm a belly sleeper so I do enjoy the support from this mattress!
This is just okay. It is unbalanced and the materials look cheap. Definitely not worth the price tag.
Overall satisfied! Some of the screws did not fit initially and we had to work extra hard to make them fit. The finished product okay
Sweet makeup desk but one of the chair legs broke in transport
The desk was SUPER easy to assemble and install. The only reason why I'm giving it such a low rating is the lack of quality control. The wooden parts of my desk was covered in a powdery substance right out of the box. After cleaning it off (took a couple of times of wiping down and drying) I noticed the lower left hand corner of the desk shelf had a good four inch section that was totally missed by the paint seal. For the price point (over $100) I expected better.
I have not found this to be comfortable. It is also much warmer than any mattress I have had before
Nice set for the price but 2 chairs the mounting screws for the back are stripped and wont tighten and glass top came scratched and still waiting for customer service to rectify
Definitely over-priced for what it is, but it gets the job done. In case you were looking for something completely waterproof, this is not, but it will buy you time.
It is ok ,easy to cut with scissors ,very thin and looks cheap but ok for outdoor or closet etc
WAY TO MANY PIECES AND THE CHAIRS SEPARATED NOT EVEN 2 WEEKS AFTER I PURCHASED. WOULD NOT RECOMEND
comfort wise the chair was great for about 2.5 years, but after that it has started to be miserable to sit in. most of the pleather covering has worn off, I had to replace the armrests about a year after I got the thing. I'm also having to tighten bolts back up weekly anymore. If you need a chair that is limited use this thing is perfect but if it's your daily chair it just doesn't seem to last.
Not as cushy as other reviews said. Not worth sending back but disappointed. Feels like rug doesn't have a pad underneath.
Easy to assemble and comfortable, but armrest is not adjustable as in product description. You can put it in the vertical so you have no armrest. You can not put it a little bit down or up. I was looking for another thing.
Very pretty rug, like the looks of it a lot. My only drawback is that it's not straight, in other words the long edges of the rug are sort of wavy and I would rather the edges be straight.
Ok first thing first, you get what you pay for, this item is cheap and that is what it is. If yoy want something solid and sturdy spend more money. This item was very easy to assemble but will take time because the instructions aren't all that well typed up. What really got me about this item was that who ever was working with mine left a blood stain on it which is absolutely disgusting, this person knew that it got on there and instead of taking an extra second to wipe it clean just left it because they didn't care. If it wasn't for that I'd give it 5 stars.
It is not very comfortable and the seat is already indenting.
As a mattress, it works well for my daughter, but it's been 2 months and the mattress still smells.
I can't say that it's exactly like the picture but it's really good quality. Not the softest but it isn't uncomfortable. I definitely would recommend rug stoppers if you wanna put this on your hard floor surfaces.
Difficult to put together. The instructions were unclear and we're still unsure if parts are in the correct position. Several shelves are not level. Hoping nothing falls off!
The product is ok. Some hardware came damaged and the doors don't have the holes to attach. But all in all. 100 bucks well spent. Took another star off since it appears someone in the warehouse carelessly dropped a razor knife into the box and I cut myself grabbing the pieces out. Be careful.
Took a long time to assemble instructions were terrible but end result was very nice
Three stars only for my personal comfort. not very comfortable back support for me. Could be very comfortable for some one else. We all have different physique. Construction very good. no material problems.
This mattress is far cry from firm in my opinion. Has not helped my back pain at night. Every body is different but if you want a firm sleeping surface this is not the one in my opinion.
Came damaged for some reason. Its alright for the price.
Product is cheaply made.
I love the bed BUT... the second time I adjusted it the plastic handle came off in my hand and the bed slammed down on my other hand. I can not fix the handle so i will figure something out. I am confused why they put a dangerous plastic handle on an otherwise sturdy bed. I would recommend IF you are going to be very careful when adjusting.
When I first saw these chairs I knew I need them but I was skeptical due to all the reviews about damages and broken delivery box's well they were write. This is the second package that I ordered the first never even got to me as FedEx sent them back to amazon ware house because the box was damaged and open, but I still needed them so I ordered them again and this time they got here box damaged and open from corners. The seller really needs to do a better job of packaging there product. I hope the seller will at least replace broken chair
cheap cracked by leaning on it
Did not really provide good support for the couch. Had to use one set over the other to have firm enough support.
Received today. Buyer beware this doesnt just puff up. It takes alot of muscle to peel and pry it apart. Myself and 2 sons have been working for an hour and maybe half way done. (It took 3 hours of trying to pull it apart) I will update later. But based on just opening the bag and getting it ready....this would be very difficult for an older person or even someone that doesnt have alot of muscle. Update: the chair itself is great. Very full...needs fluffing occasionally. I will only give it 3 stars bc of how hard it is to open up.
Everyone knows how Ikea products are.... Great looks , some scratches and chipped parts , easy to ensemble no real wood so lets see how long will the shelve unit survive :)
This carpet felt great but the only problem with it was that you could see the design when standing on one end, but then when you approached it from the other end, you can barely see the pattern. It was like a completely different carpet. We tried ruffling out the fibers but nothing helped. We wound up returning in because it was so drastic.
This is a very nice rug. Colors were perfect & it looks very nice by my front door. My only complaint is that it is smaller than advertised. It's two inches smaller all around. It would have been perfect otherwise.
Small than any regular size nightstand even when I use it for my daughter room, the drawer cannot open very easy the sides it's falling apart already
Cute but comfort level isn't there. And it pricked my fingers a few times when I first got it
Beautiful box. The tea bags do not fit well, the containers compartments are just a touch too small for them.
I bought this painting to make for my daughter-in-law who had to put two of her beautiful doxies down. I'm halfway done, it's coming out very well. The reason I only gave it 3 stars because the adhesive on the canvas is not very sticky making it difficult to get the drills to stick. I generally prefer not to seal my paintings but I will seal this one.
Just ordered these chairs, LOVE how they look now that they are put together, but they were an absolute NIGHTMARE to put together. None of the holes were lining up for the screws, took us hours to finally get them put together. Also very stiff and not very comfortable. But they look really nice.
Bought this for my room at my mother's house. The paint is not durable but aside from that it serves its purpose. I live at my apartment near my college and only come home on holidays, i've noticed that simple putting the remote down to hard on it leave's scuff marks. Would not recommend this in high traffic households.
Though it is sturdy, the shape and top make it difficult to put trash in.
I thought it was supposed to stick better. I have had to put new ones on in a short amount of time!
The mattress looks a more impressive on the photo, but I guess the bed frame helps somewhat. It expended to the full size. No bad odors. Its not low. However, I do not find this very comfortable, and will have to either line it up with blankets, or purchase a pillowtop to put above it. Still, its functional.
The chairs look good, but the screws that came with it are too long and split the chair legs attached to the back of the chair. With light tightening, the legs of the chair are ruined. How do I get a replacement without having to send these chairs back?
This looked perfect for making more space on top of my dresser but I wish the space underneath the drawers would have been a little higher.
I ordered the firm, and can only assume if I got the soft i would have been swallowed whole and died of suffocation. There is nothing wrong with the mattress, but I need something very firm for my back and this just doesn't do the job.
Awful customer service! When I received the room divider I noticed that the color was dark on one side which is what I wanted and natural on the other, looks like they forgot to stain it.Sent the seller an email with pictures and they never replied back, they claim to have excellent customer service however my expectation was NEVER met, disappointed, beware.
Listen I'll be completely honest. This thing does the trick, but the assembly is a HUUUUGE hassle. I wouldn't wish that assembly time on my worst enemy. The product also isn't made with quality parts. It broke in spots while assembling and it was a little banged up when it got here. Buyer beware. You get what you pay for.
I guess if you like to sink into a bed as opposed to staying on a soft top...this is for you. I thought it was hot and way too soft. And...it was not the super high density viscous elastic memory foam I had purchased 2 years ago. But, I was able to send it back with free shipping so I really appreciate that!
The rug I got was orange. And dark pink with hardly any of the bright blue I was expecting.
The chair is okay. One of the flaps keeps coming up. The quality of the chair is not the best.
I gave the chair 3 Stars because of the comfort level. The chair is very low to the ground so if you're a person with knee problems, it might be difficult getting up. Also, the backrest is not comfortable on my neck and upper shoulders because it tilts my head forward when I lean back. There is also a hard pole in the back if the seat that can be uncomfortable as well. I have to use a cushion! The vibration (not massage) is okay and it does heat up.
It's pretty, but the clip was only hot-glued on, so it fell off during transit (I had to glue it back on before giving it as a gift), also, the darker feathers aren't as fluffy as the picture. Everything is pretty much hot glued together, so it's not a super sturdy gift, but we hang ours on the Christmas tree, so we're not really using it and giving it everyday wear.
Get ready to spend at least 3-5 hours assembling this tiny nightstand. The end result is just what I expected and looks great/serves its function...but the assembly was gut wrenching. Screws bent in weird ways, directions that weren't super clear, etc. it is, however just what I wanted and I'm pleased. Quality assurance might be helpful.
Very attractive, easy assembly but now that they have been assembled in a bedroom since purchase the tops have a slight warp and rock. I can live with that but they felt solid when assembled and now aren't tight secure due to the upward warp.
The look of it is nice, steady, the quality of the fabric not all that, I'm disappointed, I was looking forward to have this ottoman, the fabric is peeling of. Look at the pictures
We have had the chair for about a year now and all the fake leather is peeling off. I wish it wasn't made so cheaply.
Not worth the money. It could have been much tighter. Also the feet keeps slipping out. VERY weak overall. Please don't buy it.
It'll do the job for being as cheap as it is. As other reviews said, make sure to get it want to flatten out. When being used, the plastic is cheap enough to leave imprints from when the chair has been
It's beautiful but the assembly is extremely challenging for one person. You need to have two people to hold the many pieces when you put them together.
Looks nice but just smaller than I expected. Not thick and cushy.
not very sturdy but good for small parties
Rug is not the color pictured. The rug in the picture is a lovely shade of teal, whole the actual product is closer to navy. Usable, but disappointing.
item feels sturdy but disappointed box came damaged and dented the wood. Furniture pieces aren't exactly going to fit back in the box to return so just stuck with it
Not a bad bed kind of easy to put together looks nice Price is Right
Takes some getting used to
Stained... didn't notice until after I had put most of it together.
It was not in like new condition..it had a small piece of the edge torn off ..not happy..it is a nice stand for the price..the shelves are heavy..not cheap
Foot recline sinks a bit in the middle. Mostly for kids and teens.
Over all pleased with this purchase. There was a strong chemical smell initially, but after airing it out outside for a couple days it was fine. I like the ring slots and necklace hooks. Can't really display earring studs well but they could go in the drawers just fine if you don't mind fishing for them.
This seems really sturdy but I had to rig it to get enough pull for the foot rest to disengage.
This pad is super soft and durable. I'm glad other reviewers enjoy using it and it works for them. I did want to share that we unfortunately didn't have the same experience. We got this after my wife had back surgery and wanted more padding. We thought it was great at first, but then both of us started getting tailbone pain that gradually got worse and worse. I've never had back pain, so the only thing we narrowed it down to was this pad. We took it off for a couple weeks and the pain gradually went away. We tried the pad again after that just to make sure that it was really the pad and the pain came back.
Very nice paints. Description needs to be more clear on all three different types of paints and how they work/glow.
Well I noticed the reviews right off the bat mentioned that their tables were on level and wood wobble. I thought maybe it was just a bad batch and so I gave it a chance. Sure enough I got my table and it is wobbly. You can tell right off the bat that it is the craftsmanship. Somebody did not shape the 4th leg like the other three so therefore it wobbles. Other than that the table itself is great with very sturdy Hardware Nuts and Bolts. The Finish is very accurate all the way around. It is more of a matte finish with no varnish over it so I expect that it is going to soak up water if you're planning on eating on it. I'm just using it as a side table for when I work. But if you're going to have any sort of liquid around it I would either not get this table or seal it with some sort of clear sealer. At least the top.
KINDA CHEEP. INNER DOOR WONT SLIDE RIGHT, KEEPS GETTING STUCK. EVEN WORSE IF YOU HAVE STUFF ON THE TOP. IT'S OK FOR SMALL STUFF.
My husband had a heck of a time putting this together. First, the elbow bracket was missing. Then, the holes were on the wrong side of the board so he had to drill new holes that would fit the bracket. It's not worth the money we paid for considering all it's flaws. I would not purchase again.The only positives are that it's small which I wanted and it has the deep space inside to put lotion bottles, toner bottles, etc. It's not a horrible vanity; it's just that it was a bear to put together and had pieces missing. It doesn't look especially sturdy too.
We have a small kitchen and were looking for something inexpensive that would give us more storage space, but still look decent. We decided to give this little cabinet a shot. ASSEMBLY: It took me about 4 1/2 hours to put this cabinet together. If you are unfamiliar with carpentry, you might want to consider hiring someone to do the assembly. Honestly, the instructions were trash. They were worse than useless. If I didn't have experience building furniture, I would have been totally lost with this thing. About half of the time was spent dry fitting parts to ensure I had the right holes lined up. However, once I had it together, it seemed quite sturdy. One hint I'll leave for everyone: gluing the joints and allowing to dry before putting anything in or on the cabinet is always recommended with assemble-yourself furniture. The lack of clear instructions is the reason I'm removing a couple of stars from my rating. APPEARANCE: The color is even and pretty close to what was shown on the product page, perhaps a half shade lighter. Once assembled, the doors and drawers open and close smoothly and hang straight and flush to the cabinet body. The lines are clean and the cabinet sits on a firm base without any wobble or tilt. As you can see, even the material is MDF, it matches well with our existing pine furniture. OVERALL: We have had this cabinet about 6 weeks now, and we're quite pleased with it. It's fulfilled its purpose. Not shown is the ample storage space behind the doors, where my wife has stashed a bunch of her small electrics. The two drawers are also larger than you might think. It looks pretty good in the kitchen. Other than assembly, this is a fine cabinet and well worth the money.
So far it hasn't collapsed but I'm not giving it too much longer, the middle bar is already bent. Do not purchase if you have hard floors, it will just slide around every time you try to get on the bed. It's a little longer than my king size mattress so I end up knocking the shit out of my shin most days. Gave it 3 stars because for $150 it's doing it's job by holding my mattress up off the floor.
Was very easy to assemble by myself, took about 30-45min because it's time consuming but the directions are pretty explainable. One problem I had was one of the legs wouldn't go in all the way had to use a hammer to try make it fit but it's pretty much stuck, hence was 3 stars.
This chair was returned and then sent to me. I could see that it was assembled before I received it, hardware was scratched up and repackaged, arm rest were marked up. I didn't want to pack it all back up, so I kept it. I've had it less then a month and the seat bottom is flattening out, with not much cushion left. I'm 235 pounds, I was hoping that it was a better chair then this.
Bed came on time. Followed instructions for unwrapping it resulting in full expansion in less than an hour. That's where the goodness ended. I read the reviews regarding the firmness of this bed. Wow I had no idea how hard it really was in reality. Its uncomfortable to sleep on unless you like hard as a rock. It gives the morning aches and pain that one expects with a bed that's past it's lifespan. I wish I'd had gotten a bed from a store I could have my son try out before we got this one. That along with delivery speed, easy unpacking, and quality of the construction of the bed were good thus the 3 stars. We've had the bed for months now. My child spends more time on the couch or my bed than in his. How well it holds up under daily use I have no idea but with 3x a week use it's still like brand new. It does not soften or break in at all much to my child's dismay.
Easy to assemble but customer service needs improvement. I was shorted 3 nuts and bolts to fully assemble the base. Gayle at classic brands was the rep that I spoke with and sent her proof of purchase with in 10 minutes of getting off the phone with her. After 2 weeks they still have not sent the missing hardware. Forced to go buy them myself.
I mean, I don't love it. But I didn't pay much for it.
A bit softer than expected, quality mediocre, multiple egg crate foam layers, weird.
I have used it to remove old oil filter and it made death grip, which is good. But it really killed the filter canister, which is OK since I do not reuse it anyway. You can use this with various sizes of filters. When I installed a new oil filter, it dented and scratched canister a bit. You should be very careful not to tear canisters. I ended up buying a cheap wrench socket at Walmart so that I do not worry about damaging filters. I kept this to use for other purposes.
This product worked lovely in our dining room. The set is a tad small and the chair legs are a bit tricky to put on but overall lovely once assembled
The back support is good but the seat itself is way to narrow for my liking. I can't fit my hips within the actual seat and its killing me. The sides of the seat are turned upright, causing the seat to become narrow. One's hips tend to ride up on the diagonal sides. I have overcome this by placing enough cushions on the seat to rise above the upward-turned edges of the seat.
Just wanted to let you see the damage to the box from shipping, only a small rip on the underside of the couch.
Very skinny & fits in small spaces. It's very wobbly when pulling it out to access the items. It also doesn't hold normal size items.
It is a bit more flimsy than I thought it would be. Not sure how long it will last. The cover is VERY difficult to remove. Would I recommend this product to others..... sorry but no. Price is to high for quality of product.
Very nice and sturdy, but I bought it because it was suppose to stay at the 24 inch position when needed. I needed tie 24 inch so it could be stored under my counter, it will not stay in this position therefore it is useless for me to keep. Is there any factory warrantee or can it be repaired? Please contact me with an answer, thank you.
Smaller than you think
Well as most people complained about the small styrofoam pieces end up everywhere ( I took all of the pieces out of the box outside ) It does take a while to assemble but I actually glued all adjoining surfaces. For the money it really is a decent piece.
The look is nice and met my expectations, however, we bought July 2016 and it is now Jan 2018 and the backs of the chairs are pulling away from the stitching. We do use these daily so they have wear, but I still would expect to keep the chairs for years...opposed to only 1.5 years.
Super small I should have read the dimensions otherwise nice
Some of the legs aren't straight and it wobbles a lot, but its good for what i needed it for, cant really cut a steak on it without shaking everything else off of it though, its a very light table.
Bought this to use instead of a tv-tray that sticks out to far and blocks pathway between furniture. It does that quite well. Only real problem is that it is very light weight and therefore not very steady and easily tips. I'll probably buy a more expensive heavier model as I like being able to tuck it under my couch.
For the price, I've found softer and plusher rugs at discount home stores. Rug is thin and pile is not very dense at all. But I love the shape, color, and design... looks great under my round dining room table and chairs.
Looks nice, is sturdy but arrived missing 2 support legs. Still trying to get those replaced. The mattress slides off the metal frame very easily.
These tables are a little flimsy and lighter than I expected them to be. However, for the price, I guess you cannot complain too much. One of the main issues was that they're really fiddly to put together, because of the way that they've been built the allen key can only turn about 150 degrees before you have to put it back in and turn again! Therefore, it took a good 15-20mins to get each table set up. Overall they look ok, but up close you can tell they're cheap.
The supporters of the matress are really fragile.
It OK for a cheap home-office chair but expect to be buying an extra cushion. The padding is absolutely useless. Otherwise it's literally exactly the same as an other less that $100 chair.
Not the best quality but will do. We had another one similar one from Kidkraft that was a lot better.
I love this table. It's gorgeous. For some reason it cracked though. Not sure what happened. I have two boys so anything is possible 😂
Looks nice but impossible to keep in place.
The table is well made, sturdy (both in overall weight and leg strength), and relatively inexpensive compared to similar small desks. There are imperfections (several on the desk surface like the photo shown).
Decent but you def get what you pay for. Not the best but not the worst and it looks good but it is on the short side so double check dimensions.
This table looks great and is a great price, but sadly is pretty flimsy. It is easy to assemble, but its stability leave something to be desired.
I am not super impressed with this rug. I like the look of it, but it feels like cheap carpet to me. From the reviews, I was hoping it would be softer, but I guess you get what you pay for. With that being said, it will serve it's purpose just fine in my son's nursery.
They are inexpensive
you get what you pay for
Worked out fine for the amount of money.
Already broke, I just bought before in May.
1st time it was shipped both nightstand legs were broken, today I received one of them for a 2nd try and the legs were fine but there was a chip on the front of the top drawer.
I like the chair, but here are my knocks on it. - I'm 6' 205lb (ding!) and my 2nd time to pull the leg-rest out it snapped the hard plastic housing holding the bars in on one side. - The armrest cover are not very sturdy it appears. After just a few days of scooting near my desk, the left arm rest casing tore and just kept tearing until the foam underneath began falling out in chunks and now 1/8th of my left armrest is gone. - After exiting the chair about 50% of the time when I come back to sit down, the gas cylinder will slowly decline all the way to bottom and I have to readjust the chair.
Washable yes. Washes well. Perfect as described. Does not look like an expensive rug, but does the job.
when your baby uses, you should be careful because they can squeeze their fingers all the time! on those age, they want to open it themselves.
I had to give up purchasing this desk after trying to get the white top and black frame three times and getting sent the wrong product each time. I will say it seemed of decent quality and a good value provided that you get what you actually order. Good luck!
Functional enough but one heavy coat toppled the whole thing, especially on a carpet floor.
I have a rug that slips all over my entryway on the hardwood floor, especially when my dogs go flying through the house. I put these on hoping they would anchor the rug, and they did....for awhile. I think they got coated with dog hair because the sticky is already pretty much gone. The rug isn't slipping as much as it was before I applied these, but it started slipping around again after about 2 weeks. I bit the bullet and got a rug pad, and it stays put now. These are a great idea (and economical), but if you have pups they may not work as expected.
BEAUTIFUL top/fabric detailing on this piece, but we returned due to the legs! Three of the six arrived noticeably scuffed/dented and they cheapened the overall look significantly. If you have time/patience to find other legs for this piece it would probably still be worth the pricing due to the quality of the upholstery!
I like this product you just have to tighten up the screws everyone soon a while.
Okay chair. I don't think it will last long. Kind of flimsy
Very sturdy simple and good looking bed frame, only thing was when I was putting it together there was a screw hole that was too far to the left of where it's supposed to be so the support beams could not be aligned and screwed in, it was fixed by a friend who works in construction, but be warned it might have possible defects, otherwise a great frame for the price.
I'm giving this a 3 star because it was hard to put them together ( I'm only 18 ). Some of the parts for me falls off because I kept Messing up coz the details are not really in there ( y'all get what I mean ) but maybe it is just me I guess but I do recommend this y'all and be smart with it !
seats are for skinny people. Not very comfy
The monitor stand keeps shaking when accidently touching the desk. This goes the same for the other "add on" stands on the product.
Bought for upcoming music festival to use in tent as nightstand. Took 2 stars off due to bad stitching. Top seems nice and firm when set up.
for the money I paid this was a "you get what you pay for deal" It's not the sturdy comfortable sofa you want in a living room, but for a den or basement just to fill a space it's ok
It is good enough for the price, considering that this kind of stuff is expensive. It might be more simple and elegant, not having those thick metal columns. Anyway, it is a good buy if you do not want to spend money. Easy to install and set.
I sit on the side o my bed to smoke my last cigarette. This area has already crushed down in that area. Doesn't bode well for the rest of the mattress, does it?!
just not what I wanted
I do not like the colour it is too dark.
I would of given more stars if the drawer wasn't missing a piece and also the paint is discolored in some areas. The knobs aren't cute by any means so I'm replacing them.
For the money, I'm very disappointed. The picture I feel is very misleading on how it sits. This ended up flat like a pancake and by no means has a nice rounded shape. I even bought extra memory foam after reading additional reviews. Very disappointed that it doesn't allow you to sit more upright. And we even allowed the 4-5 days for it to fully expand. I could have bought far cheaper with similar results in my opinion.
The rug looks beautiful but I didn't like that it would shag all over the place. I had lint all over my room.
This went together fairly easily but if you are looking for perfect this is not for you. It looks great but the wood product is so soft and cheap that you can expect chipping around screw holes and perhaps minor damage on edges. The good news is that once put together it does look nice. The doors fit perfectly. All in all, you get what you pay for!
Perfect for what we paid and where we are using the product. Will move it into the garage in a year or two and upgrade to something better for where it is at now.
Came rolled as expected. Left it in the sun on the driveway for a full afternoon. Never really got flat. Still not quite flat after a couple weeks of use in the office.
Very thin and shorter than I imagine but it works
It is a good furniture. It is heavy and well constructed. A bit difficult to assemble, good thing my husband knows how. The only thing that I didn't like is the color. I thought Brown Espresso looks exactly in the picture but it was not. It is more black than brown. I prefer brown furniture than black. I wish to return it but my husband already took it out from the box when I saw the real color. It is so heavy to return.
I've been wanting to start using incense to aid in meditation, and when I saw the reviews for this one I was optimistic. However, to me this simply smells like something burning. I'll keep looking...
The length of the seat was extremely short so a person can not really sit back comfortably
Love the font and the size !!! The magnet part isn't very strong though and every time we open the dishwasher it falls off :(
Desk came in damaged. Great looking desk! Just need a new top. Won't return until a new top or a new desk come in.
It wasn't all that sturdy . It was easy to assemble.
This was really easy to put together and felt solid while i was putting it together. There were minimal tools required to put it together, which was great, but as soon as I flipped it upright, the front left corner cracked.
The screw would not screw into the washer bolts.
This was to thick of a topper for me & my partner. I found it difficult to move on once in bed let alone getting into bed? I like to flip from side you side. I could not do so naturally and stay in sleep mode.It was like I had to work out to change sides. Also if you want to return it, it is impossible to get it rolled back up the way it is shipped and you lose approximately $16 on return shipping fees. I wished I would of bought at a local store that I get out to often rather than through Amazon so I didn't lose my money. It may be better on a 2 or 1 3/4 inch but 3 inch was to thick. I thought that would of been great for my hips. May work better on a cheaper thin mattress.
The concept is good - clear visibility of remotes. But the remotes rattle around in the over large plastic slots.
Still looks cute, but had to glue in two of the pegs, as screws were either not long enough or holes in pegs drilled too big. Canvas is very lightweight I'm not sure it would hold weight of magazines. I'm using in the bathroom for tissues and toilet paper storage and that works fine.
This was purchased for a trundle for grandchildren and for them it works~ I wouldn't want it on the upper bed ~
The product was true to size and quality; however, The instructions/manual was minimal and the screws break or fall out quickly.
Ok, I gave it three star only cause I will be using it for light stuff. Stamps sets, cards, and papers. But I have to say the quaility is plain cheap. But hey, the price is cheap. It was a real pain for me to put together. Why? Well I thought I counted all the pieces. I really did. But I slipped on one piece. The back panel was suppose to be three pieces. They only gave me two. So before you start, count all the pieces carefully. By the time I realized it I had the thing mostly together. Also, the premade holes were not all put thru. So I had to work on that. It was not for me easy to put together. And I really followed instructions which were fine. It was that it was not made well. And its cheap and wobbly. But I will keep it and would I have sent it back if I noticed at first the cardboard piece was missing. No. I can just put the boxes on the bottom and maneuver the two pieces of backing I have to cover the top row. It should be fine. I did not feel I had enough of the small nails to adequately put the backing on either. So only gets a three star. But it does look nice and I will use it but I would not purchase these again. Update: found the missing back board. Slid under my bed. Still not thrilled about it
Very pretty rug and it fits the color scheme of my kitchen but it is NOT non-slip. I had to secure it with rug tape so it wouldn't slide all over my tile floor.
This is not black. It's espresso. Doesn't match my furniture.
The product is nice, great material...we didn't read the description well enough I guess! It is child sized... it will not work for adults or adult sized furniture 😂
Received the glass door broken
I realy like this cabinet. It looked just like it did in the photo. It's a really nice piece and I love the way it looks. It was packed perfectly, covering all corners and sides, even the door handles were wrapped nicely. Which brings me to this. The back right corner looks like it was damaged but with the way they protected it in shipping, it had to have happened before it was shipped. It also looks like the damage was filled in as if someone tried to fix it or cover it up. Not cool at all! I will keep it, the broken part is on the back right corner. But I'm not happy that they would do that to somebody. You can see the what I'm talking about by my pictures. I show the left side 1st which is in great condition, then I show the broken right side. This was my first time purchasing furniture on line. You never know how it's going to arrive! Disappointed with the broken corner but overall I like it.
I love the rug but not for the price! I was disappointed in the size but that's my fault for not measuring.
much smaller than expected
Love these frames . The shipping was awful. Order way ahead of your needs.
Table was of OK quality, we only needed it for a one time use situation so not sure I would buy this for my home or anything. Base is incredibly heavy and both of the ones we ordered arrived scratched. Got the job done though for our 5 day trade show!
Product is durable but sizing is completely off. Waaaay too big. Ordered a Queen for queen size mattress and probably 12 inches of fabric hangs loosely.
Dislike the fact two pillows purchased but one of the two had i'm guessing a third to a half less fill. Still adjusting to them. Not as easy to get comfortable as I thought.
I wish you could change the temperature and it would better with a remote. Overall it's a great fire place.
I purchased the slate/ivory and it is a pale blue and ivory rug in person. I was expecting it to be much more of a dark grey and this rug is a pale grayish blue so it was not was I was really hoping for. It's pretty enough to keep but beware of the photos online.
It came on time and looked better than expected. However, mine came damaged. It's a small flaw, but a flaw nonetheless. I bought it brand new, it should look like it. Makes me think it wont last long.
Was delivered extremely fast, and went together easily. Only complaints are a weld on one of the brackets broke without much force and the rubber feet don't fit in the supports. Other than that it's a good budget desk.
So I was looking for a gaming chair, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money on other "real gaming chairs" because they cost $100 or more. I would say this, the material for this chair is not that bad for its price. It's smaller than what I expected. I'm 5'5 and the head rest part is shorter than my head when I sit. I'm skinny and weigh 140 lbs and the chair has just enough space to fit me. The padding is not soft but im not expecting anything more considering its price. Im still using it tho for everyday gaming. Not like my back gonna break if i use this chair but If u want comfort then this is not the chair u want to buy. I mean if u want to buy this chair because ur on a budget like i was then its fine because its just a chair. In the end, u get what u pay for.
As expected for the money. It really came in handy.
Great for extra storage in a small space. Sadly my package was missing one of the connectors so my five tier shelf is only four tiers.
They came in true to color. Ordered a gray and a red one. Comfort level they were ok until reclined. Once you went to recline them you had to push and hold yourself back to keep them reclined. Arms are pretty narrow. I am 5'10" 180lbs. Shipping was awful and returns were even worse with money back taking 3 weeks.
It may be indoor-outdoor but it's not breathable. It traps and holds moisture in the rug and especially underneath.
Very vague on coverage
doesn't feel that safe to stand on, but is usable now
Arms are too low. Seat cushion a bit hard. You get what you pay for. It is a beautiful chair thought, looks very good but I wouldn't say it's very comfortable.
This is cute tent! It did not come with the 6 large lights and usb hookup. We were disappointed with the false description.
Super thin . But its nice for laptop and printer. I gave 3 star because the other wood have cracks in the middle. .
The colors aren't as vibrant as on the pics, it looks a bit used, but the quality seems good though
Its a good mattress for kids. Its a little springy. One good thing about it that its cheap. Its a few inches shorter then the bed so i will probably end up using it for a trundle bed and order somthing better for the bunk bed
It works for what I needed it for. Not as fluffy as the picture but it looks good in my office.
It's a nice chair, don't get me wrong, but it's not THAT comfortable, it's a pretty small fit width wise (I'm 6'1”, and 130lbs, so I'm thin, why is nobody else complaining about this? My shoulders touch the sides). Honestly could've found a chair I like just as much for half this cost
Bought a twin for my young son. Very comfy and easy to set-up. My issue is that the edges of the mattress collapse with pressure. This is my first memory foam bed so maybe that is the case with all such mattresses. But with a twin, it means you lose a large percentage of the actual sleep space. When I lay down with my son I can't go anywhere near the edge because I start to slide off or at best I'm on a slope... Back it goes...
Missing parts, had to wait 4 more days for parts.
Quite flimsy for the price and really bad paint job.
Very light duty but sturdy enough for it's purpose. Leg adjustments difficult due to aluminum shavings and edges where the machining for the spring latch was done. Filed, cleaned and lubed with candle wax. Better but not good.
The runners are nice match kitchen perfectly They are thin with thin rubber backing so I would be careful washing them. I would never put any carpet in washing machine the backing could come off no good for washer. Non slip on my ceramic floor They vacuum nicely They are perfect for the price
It is easy to assemble. But not sturdy. It is wobbly after using couple of months. I would not recommend nor buying it again. Life lesson. I should increase my budget for a piano bench.
Just received this mirror Friday and the lights do not work. Needed this for an upcoming trip. Need refund ASAP! Edit: Mirror finally started working. Thank Goodness!
This was a second order of what was supposed to be the exact same item. The newest model had changes that made installation a nightmare. The entire unit needed to be feed through a small hole. The last unit came apart in order to feed into hole.
The table is beautiful and very sturdy. Only problem is that the canvas drawers take up knee space, so my (very small) four year old doesn't fit comfortably. We will end up taking the drawers off and coming up with a different solution for Lego storage. Definitely a bummer, but it's a nice table otherwise. Oh and the reversible top is very heavy to flip. I don't mind that, though.
Overall an okay product. Putting it together was a pain, the holes in the boards were not in the right places/right size. So we just had to improvise and drilled our own holes.
Didnt even pull it al he way out of the box and noticed one of the welds was broken. Other than that. All seems fine, well labelled and comes with a ratchet for the screws. Broken weld is definitely a set back though and very upsetting, as I'm in dire need of a bed frame.
I have to give 3 stars even though I can't say it's a bad product. I expected less wobbly behavior and beefier construction for the price, but then competing items are even more expensive. I'll find a use for it but it's not able to do what I got it for.
fit just right where I wanted it
I bought two of these tables, the first was was perfect, everything you could hope for. The second? Not so much. The holes were lazily drilled in so the table ended up crooked and there was a large slash in the outside facing wood.
Cheap, probably will replace in 12 months
I ordered gray, but it looks blue. Still waiting for it to "expand" after being vacuum packed but do not expect a long term relationship with this rug. Quality is iffy but I expected that for the price. Might be more content if it had been gray. Size is accurate!
I really love this bed! The material is just awesome and it is really sturdy. I'm giving it three stars only because of its size. Once you assemble them you realize they run small. My mattress is now bigger than my bed by 3-4 inches. Initially I thought my mattress is big but then I looked up the size of a queen mattress and then measured the bed and to my disappointment the bed is small! I decided to live with it as I was too lazy to disassemble and repack and return it! Also it's really big and heavy so it's not easy to return as it won't fit in your car!
This mattress topper is soft but loses it's fluffiness after awhile. I mean you get what you pay for.
Not too good quality
Made of composite wood. Works as intended, looks good. Dents and nicks very easily.
Looks nice and has lots of storage. I use it for a coffee bar with my Keurig on top. It was easy to assemble. The shelves (wire baskets and wood shelving, right side and bottom) can easily be taken out and switched around. The shelves however are not level and not sturdy. Drawers are also wood to wood, not smooth like if there were rollers.
Fairly easy to assemble even with the hundreds of parts. After using it for a couple months, fasteners loosed and it squeaks. The manufacturer should add nylon patches to screw threads.
Desk frame had a dent that we noticed after some assembly. Also, package was late.
Purchased 2 Santa Fe chairs to replace to exact same (Santa Fe) chairs we had for about 9 years. The quality of the second set is far below what we expected. One chair seem wobbly and the veneer on the front of the chair does not match up to the edge. We have loved Ashley furniture in the past, but looks like we'll be moving on in the future, the deterioration of quality is just not acceptable.
I think it could lean back further and be a little softer
Overall it is an okay chair, I liked the pricing but it would be worth it to buy a more expensive chair since the quality of this one is pretty poor. It looks like it was cheap and it sits pretty low.
Too thin for an alternative to an actual bed, but it's an upgrade for someone who's ok with sleeping on the floor - you can definitely feel the floor underneath you.
This think color wasn't what I expected and it smells horrible for days.
Seems like a sturdy bed. Took one piece out of box. Color is inaccurate. More brownish gold like an antique bronze. Very dark. Some slight silver streaking.
Had black permanent maker on it...didn't feel like returning it..
It doesn't stay down. Constantly riding up. It should come with loops to attach around the chair legs to keep it in place.
These are good for budget minded folks like myself. I didn't expect the assembly to feel like I was assembling a Jenga tower that could collapse at any moment though. It's seriously pretty wonky and I think they've only held up for a year now due to me not really placing anything other than my phone on them. But they are starter pieces of furniture for sure, so its to be expected.
It's ok to keep brushes apart but they fall out easily
So I got this not quite realizing the dimensions. It's so tiny! I don't know how it could really support a TV, certainly not a larger one, and it's also just very low to the ground. I don't know who they made this for. Maybe a little kid's room? On the plus side, it was easy to assemble and required no tools. But seriously, pay the extra money and get something bigger and sturdier.
Competitive pricing but I ordered two of these and they both arrived damaged with scuffs on the drawer. One of them had two bottom drawers instead of a bottom and a top. Too much of a hassle to return.
Wobbly. I bought this to use as a cat tree for my kitty but he will not go on it because it is not staple.
Good product, works okay, just keep large zip ties handy in case.. Only con is its abit smaller then I'd hope'd for but otherwise, it does as designed and comfortably.
I bought this to put in my mud room to remove boots. At first glance it looked ok, it wasnt in the color that i ordered. The finish is sprayed on and it can be seen by missed areas along edges. All the predrilled holes did line up. The finished surface along one edge has seperated from base wood and will peel up if I dont fix it. Plan to add a seat cushion to prevent any more peeling. Overall I gave this a 3 star easy to assemble finish quality not really that great.
It doesn't exactly fit my mattress it was very difficult to put on
Small and the fur lays flat makes it look more like a rabbit fur than a sheep skin rug. Its on the small side, that and the fact that I constantly have to mess with the rug to make it look like a sheep skin rug is why I give it 3 stars
I purchased it almost a month ago and received it quicker than I thought I would (which was nice). It's pretty good for the price. I bought the 6 in mattress and it never fully rose to 6 inches, I would say it's about 4.5. It's pretty flat and firm, doesn't give much. I ended up buying a 4 inch memory foam topper and hope that will make it more comfortable.
Nice table. Well finished. Assembled easily. Came packed in an absurd amount of Styrofoam - they obviously don't care much about the planet. If you do, then look for a table from a more environmentally-conscious mfr.
This item barely remains standing but once it does, looks ok
They are nice and comfortable but lack of stability
A little chintzy. It wasn't $100 or more and they sure couldn't ask for it. So with that said I'll continue. A few spots were missing the black powder coating. Arrived in good condition. Easy assembly. Functions well, sturdy. Great for small spaces.
The chair went together easily. Nicely padded and comfortable. Except for one thing. The seat was about an inch too deep. If I sat back so I could get the lumbar support, the edge of the seat dug into the back of my knees. Great chair for someone taller (I'm 5'6") or with long legs.
Easy to assemble, looks nice but the desk wobbles no matter how much I try to adjust it. Works fine for my purposes though.
This arrived in excellent condition, but the color is a yellowish color, not a white color, so it didn't match the existing cabinets I had. Great product overall, just the color is misrepresented.
Very useful for home office
After use, gets deflated. Material is strong an durable.
I have ordered black and got differnet color shipped. Already threw away the box so i dont know what to do
Quality product, sturdy and attractive; however, the height is about 3-4 inches to tall. It is an odd height and although it is usable as is I would have been much happier with and given it 5 stars if this detail wasnt missed.
looks good, but not very comfortable
Not bad for the money. It's a little more low quality than I would of wanted. There is nothing that holds the metal handles that open the glass doors in place. They have foam pads for in between the glass and metal handles, but they are too skinny to create a snug fit that is suppose to be there. It is a good looking design though and fits everything well. If they would of invested in a little more thicker boards and made it a tad bit better quality it would of been superb.
Very rocky nt recommended for heavy items
It faded really quickly under the sun. It's not really that great for an outdoor carpet. I moved it the be more protected under the covered part of our deck. (William's wife)
This chair is for your daughter who is a gamer. She really loves the purple and black and says it is super comfortable and is grateful to have it. Now for the down side, It was a pain to put together, I usually put stuff together myself but had to enlist my husband because it was a bit confusing and required a bit of muscle to construct. The biggest down side is the smell. The moment we took it out of the box it was overwhelming the chemical smell from the materials or paint or dye or something, not sure. After touching it we had to wash our hands and my daughters clothes wreaked after sitting in it. We have had it over a week and it still stinks but at least the whole room does not stink so it is dissipating. IF it was not so hard to put together we may have returned because of the smell and fear it may be toxic... hoping it will continue to fade with time.
My instructions literally left out an entire part from the steps. I had to figure out where it went, and then disassemble several parts I had already fastened to get it in the right place. If you buy this, figure out where Part C goes before you start - you'll see it in the pictures in place.
Its not bad. In fact the glass looks pretty good under the tv. It's just so cheaply built. The main tube has a 3 bolt holes in the bottom that were welded in slightly crooked, which was a HUGE paint to line the bolts up so they didn't strip. I honestly almost had to return it when they wouldn't go in. The back metal piece that allows the unit to swivel is literally metal on metal. It has you put a sticker??? in between the the pieces of metal, which i still cant believe is their solution, and these stickers were pushed out of the way because the bracket spacing wasn't great and barely fit without the stickers even being there. Its not terrible, but I would research and see if you can find a better one before coming back to this one.
This mattress topper came in record time and I like it but I don't love it. My husband and I have a hard time getting out of it. Seems it sinks in the middle so we end up in the middle and getting out of bed is a chore. I wouldn't buy it again but to send it back wouldn't be worth it so we'll have too live with it,
The colors on this rug are neutral and very nice looking. The design is striking. I bought the 4x6 in the grey and black. There is just enough white to make it pop. I am glad I purchased it at a discount. If I had paid much more I would have been disappointed as the quality isn't the best and it is very thin. But I do like it for my kitchen.
Decent quality. Not sure it can stand up to a very large book collection
Didn't get color I ordered. Didn't return because of size was too much trouble.
Good product. But slightly complicated to set up. Would require minimum 2 persons and basic tools. Also, have to be careful while fixing the parts as they might get damaged if we apply more pressure. Once set up, the end product is satisfactory.
Did not expand fully. It is comfortable, so no problem with that, but I am not happy with it not getting to the full height. This is my second purchase of this mattress, and the first one expanded all the way, but I see several other negative reviews mentioning this, hopefully the company can fix this.
guess it is okay for price but week construction; one of the wood slides was broken off door when received.
This is ok. Made very cheaply but does the job it is intended to do. Super light weight.
This is not the best table you can get for your day to day needs. I understand that it is cheap but the legs wobble. I am not happy using it. I was expecting it to be little more sturdy and steady. I tried tightening the screws but that also doesn't help.
The delivery was nice and easy and convenient and on time. The product itself is unfortunately a cheaper quality than I had expected and hoped for. It's scratches fairly easily. Knowing this I probably would not have purchased this table. The chairs are OK. The legs loosen up now and then and we have to retake in them occasionally. The delivery was nice and easy and convenient and on time. The product itself is unfortunately a cheaper quality than I had expected and hoped for. It's scratch is fairly easily. Knowing this I probably would not have purchased this table. The chairs are OK. The legs loose enough now and then and we have to retighten them occasionally.
Thinner than I thought but works ok under my rug.
not very sturdy when at bar height
Thus a really nice piece, but direction to put together are not clear nor are the markings on the pieces.
The chair is decent looking; is functional in an aesthetic way. As others have commented, the "cushions" are hard and without any sort of comfort. Works well if you have company over that you would rather didn't stay long. Just have them sit in this chair when they arrive.
The item arrived on schedule and the instructions for assembly were easy enough to follow. One person can assemble the shelf, but the packaging material created a lot of extra mess, and there were a couple screws missing.
It is cute but for the money I was expecting something a little bit bigger. It will do and serves its purpose
It's way smaller than I anticipated it. It works for the extra room I have though. The main problem I have with it is the metal bar that you can feel while laying in it. I wanted to use this as a pad for guests to sleep on but I think I'm going to have to also put down a sleeping bag for them as well. If I paid $40 for this item I wouldn't complain but I think it's a bit overpriced for its comfort level and size
We will see how it works. I had the smaller size of this tool which broke on first use.
okay frame. put together in about 2 hours. one slat cracked within 6 months then broke a few months later. would not buy this frame again.
It is beautiful and the granite top is too. The bad part is that you must have either a very handy person around or hire someone to put this together. My husband spent over an hour putting this together. The drawer does not close properly and if you pull too hard it falls out. Other than those 2 things, it is quite lovely.
Some of the supports on the bottom could not be made straight, even after tightening them. Because of this I am unsure of how sturdy this frame will be.
Overall it's a good stool, but the foot rest is NOT adjustable. Also, as others mentioned, the plastic piece covering the leg assembly was cracked and broken. I had a replacement sent and the replacement was also cracked and broken.
The desk looks nice, but the screws didn't all line up correctly. In short, I had to leave out a couple of screws in order to give it to my daughter for Xmas. Not sure if I should return or get some replacement parts for the screw inserts
Didn't realize we had to assemble but wasn't too bad. Magnets are not strong when you close the door. We bought a Magnet and put on it and now it closes fine. When kids would close it, it would not stay closed due to weakness of the magnet. It is a good price and great storage.
Look good as described but I just want to know why moron thought putting a sticker on the glass would be a good idea? I'll eventually get it off so I'm not too mad. I'm just shock by the thought process that's all lol
I bought the same table a couple of years ago and thought I would get another. I don't know why this one is so hard to put together but I'm not happy. Two camlocks have already broken and now I have to wait to see if I get replacements. I love my first table but I'm having reservations about this one.
work better then the ones the chair came with but they kinda get stock in the carpet when siting in the same spot for long time
Of course the analog hygrometer does not work. Over all this humidor isn't bad for the money. It's holding temp and humidity at a constant temp. I went through the seasoning process twice, I did calibrate the analog hygrometer but it's still unreliable, like most. Digital hygrometer seems to hold temp and humidity at around 70 with minor fluctuations depending on room temperature. I have my AC cranked most of the time and need to shut it off occasionally for the temp and humidity to balance out. I would recommend this unit for somebody looking for a cheap humidor, at least until you're ready to spend more money on something that has a better build quality and does not have acrylic where glass should be.
I never received my item. After 3 failed attempts to buy this from sellers on amazon I finally gave up. I did end up buying the exactly same table on jet. I love it.
These connectors work well, very durable. Only problem is they mount to the face of the sofa, Not underneath. So if you ever plan on separating your sectional you're going to have holes in the fabric
Easy to put together but they are kind of cheap looking. I only bought becaus they match our zinus bed frame
It's easy to clean but thinner than expected and will slide all over hardwood without the rug grippers under it.
Thinner than expected.... sheen to it rather than matte... difficult to get it to lay flat
The screws didn't self thread into the wood correctly. I have two of the same tables I had ordered before and after but they assembled differently.
Loved the color, loved the fact that cover can be removed for washing. It is probably more suitable for children or young teens than an adult. Nonetheless, it served its function fairly well.
For the price, the quality is decent. The drawer is horrible quality so I turned that facing the wall and don't plan on using it. Laminate seems fair in quality. Somewhat disappointed but certainly not enough to return it. For the price, it's worth it.
It is a nice piece but I think the cost is more then what you get. The wood feels like a cheap plastic coating on top and all the parts where not used but came with no instructions. It works well for the time being.
One of the legs broke due to movement. It is relatively fragile due to its wood-made supporting system.
They are hard to clean and get dirty fast but great quality. I use these in my 6th grade classroom.
Not sturdy enough for a 10 year old. The top wears out.
This is a nice piece as far as furniture you assemble yourself generally goes. Instructions were easy to follow. However, the front of the drawer didn't have any of the holes predrilled to attach it to the drawer, or to attach the handle. We had to drill the holes ourselves. Not cool!
It looked nice but not much of a change, not as thick as i thought
Didn't work for my queen-size bed headboard (possibly because it was older) but the screw holes didn't line up so I returned it.
I purchased a new base and received one already scratched (most likely returned). Not too hard to put it together, seems to be strong. Will test for a few weeks for any noise.
When we received the dresser it was packaged well. It did have paint removed (scratches) on the top front corners of the dresser. One drawer guide was ripped out and I had to patch the hole, re level the guide bar and secure it by drilling a new hole in the bar guide and screwing it in place.
You know the ole' saying, You get what you pay for?.....think if of the low cost of this chair. I am a senior citizen, and trying to make this chair go back is hard on an older person. There is no side handle to bring it back and I used my brute force so much on one occasion, it went all the way back and the whole chair and me went down with it. No injury, but just a painful reminder to look for more quality. Also it is very narrow. I am 5'5' about 147 lbs, so I fit, but it is still feels narrow to me at that stature. Personally I would pass on this chair.
It simply will not lay flat. It's thin and won't stay flat On the floor. Corners curl and it quickly and easily flips at the corners
Instructions seemed to list the steps backwards - We followed the directions and attached the base to the seat but then couldn't get the back to attach because it was in the way of the holes. The way the base connects to the seat leaves a small area where it seemed the back needed to slide into but was too short to fit. We ended up having to take it apart and attach the back to the seat and then secure the seat portion connecting to the base which bent the seat portion a bit as we tightened it. We also had to REALLY pull and manipulate the handles to get them to connect to the chair. Overall, went together quite poorly and tilts a bit to the right. Perhaps our seat wasn't made quite as it should have been.
meh.... Too thin !!!
It's a beautiful piece. Lovely color. Soft velvet feel. However, it broke within one week. The screws in the hinge came out. Hopefully we can get longer screws and repair, but it will be difficult.
Much smaller than expected for being a large. Dimensions were not listed in the description so I had no idea what I was getting, aside from the picture of an adult sitting in it.
Unless the bed is just a mattress on the floor - this is not a night stand. Super small and looks silly next to a normal sized bed. I should have paid more attention to the reviews and dimensions. Will have to do for now but I will have to buy something else for the guest room. Update: just opened second cabinet to put it together. Huge difference in quality. Edges are damaged. Pieces dont fit as holes are too big. Pieces are all thrown in 1 bag (1st one had the pieces marked and separated). Had I opened this one first, I would have returned them both.
The color was pretty and the length is nice. Doesn't seem sturdy enough to call it a bench. Also starting to show wear after only a few months of light use.
looks pretty but to small for my apt
Cup holder was ripped when we received the chair, other than that it's great!
I purchase the mattress topper about a month ago I waited about two weeks before I put it on the bed. I have a queen size bed but it is not wide enough for the mattress it's slides to the front of the bed so I am constantly pulling it back to the backside of the bed.It sleep good but is very tiresome to keep adjusting it
Decent. Not as thick as I had hoped.
The colors are not subdued like in the picture. It's an ok rug for very little money. I just wish the colors were as muted as in the picture.
I'm not very pleased with this bookshelf. The shelves are too far apart to place books nicely and it's way too deep. The middle shelf cant be adjusted and so the gaps are so big when placing the top and bottom shelf equidistant from each other. If you try and adjust, then it looks stupid with two shelves narrow and the middle gap huge. I know this probably doesn't make sense but dont buy this if you just want a bookshelf. This is more for decorations and knick-knacks than as a dedicated bookshelf.
Very very very small desks...i have 2 teenage boys and these are way too small for them. One is 5'10 and the other 5'5 and this desk is way too small. Even my daughter who is 5'3 is too tall for it. Cute idea and desk tho..just wish we could use them.
The chairs are very uncomfortable and cheaply made, but the little table is nice.
You basically get a box with lumber and screws and a form fitting sheet. I didn't know I had to build this. Otherwise it's good.
It's a comfortable chair the only think I dislike is it doesn't recline
Very comfy. Not at all like the consistency and firmness of the king mattress bought from the same company though. Pillows are a nice extra, i threw most of my old pillows out.
assembly was a bit difficult. The tightness of the recliner portion can affect how well it slides in and out. Fast shipping but difficult assembly.
Very sturdy, both of the units we purchased had 1 screw/bolt that was very difficult to align. Its very white, not like the item photo. Check out other buyers photos for true color. I'm disappointed that it looks so different
I absolutely live the rug it looks great in the room. But i have had it a little over a month and the binding is coming undone. I have reached out to the vender so we will see what they say.
Purchased this bed frame for my husband's bed. It arrived on time, in great condition, and was very easy to put together. The frame is light weight and sturdy in addition to being easy to move. I give it three stars because the top of the frame does not have any lip on it to keep the mattress in place. The mattress can slide off the frame easily. If there was an indentation the mattress rested down into or a bar at the foot of the bed to hold the mattress, it would be a great frame.
Just to let you know-this was very poorly package and was left in the snow in my front yard. I do not know if anything is damaged as I am moving in a few weeks and will address this then
not a 5 star because there is no padding for the arms and is not adjustable for the height in the arms
Product as as described. I bought this to use in a front hallway and looks nice. So far it's standing up well to wet, snowy, & salty shoes and boots. The only issue i have it that it's been a couple months now and the creases are still there. Frustrating.
Product was good as expected
Product arrived 2 months late! The box came damaged and opened. Chair has a weird smell and is VERY ITCHY
What's less sturdier than I thought
I wear a 7 1/4 hat size. This was really too small for me. More like a size 7, But it is rubber and has some stretch. I like the look of the helmet. The face mask separated from the helmet. I re-glued it with Loctite super glue gel. That has done the trick. In summary: looks good, came apart but was easily fixed, it is not really sized for an adult. $20 bucks with shipping. The review that had the tear in the eye hole should try using super glue. But it should not have had a tear in the first place.
This is tiny. It' will fit in any corner but there isn't really much space to do anything.
Really small and no instructions.
The concept is nice, but misses in functionality. Sure you can fold up your clothes and put them neatly on "shelves" that hang, but it takes up so much room in the suitcase. When I packed using this item it did not fit in the 21 inch suitcase at all. When packing the same stuff minus this item it fit with lots of extra room. You may have a hanging closet on your trip but you'll probably need to take a larger suitcase if you take this with you.
I read the other reviews and didn't find the directions to be that difficult to follow. The materials are good quality and I expect this cart to last for the next 10 years in a damp, salt air environment. What was frustrating is that the measurement for a drill hole on one leg is off so the cart does not sit level and I have to prop it up with a rock if I want a surface that doesn't wobble. Hence, I provided lower marks for Ease of Assembly and Value for the Money. This is a manufacturing and QA issue that should be easily fixed and if it is, this could be a 5 star product.
I bought this bookcase for my apartment. I needed it to be high quality, easy to assemble, the right size for my living room, sturdy enough to hold a lot of books, and not require a lot of money. I was willing to pay more knowing how important this piece of furniture was to me. Unfortunately, this bookcase fails the sturdiness test. The bookcase shelves bow noticeably under the weight of books. There's a reason I got an item called a bookcase... I needed it to hold heavy books. I like how this looks, and it does meet my other requirements, so I will have to make a trip to the hardware store to see what options are available my problem without giving up the whole thing.
Material was a bit thin...not great quality. Returned and shopping for something a bit more durable
This does not stay put at all. The interior of the item shifts and bunches up in spots no matter what we do. Not worth the high price!
This is a beautiful and durable headboard. I love the color and style.
I bought this table for children to do art projects and messy activities such as play-doh. This table has a texture on the surface that makes it very hard to clean. I personally would not re purchase this because I was specifically looking for something that I could wipe down easily. The table is sturdy and just a smaller version of the larger folding tables that you see at yard sales or outdoor functions. I can fit 2 plastic children's Ikea chairs per side.
I do like the rack, but it arrived with 2 of the 4 feet missing. One was in the box, loose, and the other, completely not there. I improvised and made it work, but be sure you allow additional time so you can get a new shipment if needed.
Sloppy construction, Moisture content too high, pcs. shrink and twist. Poor design for a computer desk, cooked my tower due to no ventilation for tower compartment. Very difficult to align parts, needed to use multiple alignment drifts. No touch up stain available. I had to order replacement parts...they were very helpful and honest. For the Cost and amount of effort and aggravation...I should have just bought a furniture store piece.
Very disappointed in this chair. It is very handsome. It seems to be goid quality vinyl. But the cushion has zero firmness. Sinks way down in the center making it very uncomfortable and difficult to get out of. If I had no back & knee issues it would be an okay chair. I tried their chair for tall heavy people thinking it may be firmer. The cushion is firmer but the chair massive and hard to position for me. This armless reception chair is a perfect fit except for the cushion.
the shag is really loose, easy to pull apart. looks like it will fall apart after cleaning/vacuuming once.
Rug is still moving, just somewhat less than before.
Not sturdy base made of all plastic
Affordable but small seats
Didn't have enough "hooks"
I had to call the manufacturer once for help on the legs. I had to disassemble a process twice to enlarge the holes so I could complete the table. Be prepared to work at this. I am a aircraft mechanic. Final product is very nice.
Not stackable!!!! They do not nest!!! Both of my tables were the same size!!! Other than that, they are nice. Easy to assemble and sturdy. They will hold up for a long time, but they Will Not Stack.
This item fits on the glass doors of a book case, which, when painted to match, will actually make the bookcase appear more high-end.
The look is nice. It assembled pretty easy. Cushions are super hard. Although I like the look and this is exactly what I was looking for it is uncomfortable and don't like that the cushions are not water resistant. I would not recommend this if you are looking for comfort.
Very small. Not what I expected.
Not the most comfortable chair to sit on, and very narrow to sleep on
It is a cute little table & chair set, but a little flimzy and cheaply made. Would not buy again.
Unfortunately, my diamond painting arrived with all kinds of crap stuck to the sticky part, under the plastic sheet. This "crap" included dirt, rocks, twine, hair and dust clumps. It was a gift, and I didn't have time to exchange, so I spent hours with needle thin tweezers picking everything off. Finished product was beautiful, though.
It squeaks a little already. It's seems quite stable but not heavy duty. I'm still satisfied with the product.
I really love this rug however, even small water spills will stain. Also, it's tough to clean since it's very heavy and lots of sand collects beneath it. Do not use a vacuum over the rug, it will start to tear up. I normally use the vacuum attachment and go over the rug inch by inch. We will probably get 1-2 years of use from it and will need to buy a new one.
Way too small, barely comes up to my knee
Not quite wide enough for a California king bed frame.
I am not able to find an option to let you know parts are missing to assemble this bed. It only allows me to request a return for the entire bed. I just want the parts shipped to me. It is missing the middle slat for the headboard and the foot board. We think we are going to love the bed & want to be clear it is very nice & we realize mistakes happen. Please ship the pieces. Thank you!
Cheap and easy to assemble. Nice color but quality is just okay. You really do get what you pay for. Size is on the smaller side and it is a little flimsy. I have to place it adjacent to the wall to make it sturdy. For now, this desk works and will stay with us.
To start with, the chair came with missing pieces (4 washers) and the holes in the seat didn't match up where your supposed to screw in the metal base plate of the chair. However everything got put together and is very sturdy, pretty comfortable also. You get what you pay for. Worth the $20, I think.
This works just as described but when I open my recliner. The handle goes all the way to the floor. I have to lean all the way over the arm in order to reach it. It doesn't quite work the way I thought it would.
I really don't know yet, when we opened the box a couple of the pieces where cracked so where waiting on the new pieces to be delivered
Love the actual pipes. They feel and look very serious and substantial. They arent difficult to put up or together, but they ended up taking hours longer than expected to install because the screw anchors provided failed every time. Once I went out and bought new ones it was a breeze
Looks very nice but chair very flimsy and do not think will last. In addition in 30 days use material has like stains that not come clean.
I paid for NEW but came with big white scratch across top and two stain on cushions. Was very easy put together. Is comfy but stiff. Great for relaxing but If plan on sleeping on it would invest in extra cushion.
I liked how fast they shipped my order. Took them less than 2 days after I ordered them. But I felt like they rushed on the packaging. I have some dents on my table that it seemed like it was dropped. I'd rather wait a week later than getting a damaged table especially if it's worth $400. Other than that, table is very spacious and sturdy.
Arms tear too easy. Other than that its comfortable
This bed frame has created so many issues. First, the legs support legs that are under the frame are horrible. They turned sideways and eventually ate into the wood flooring. And I don't mean scratch, I literally mean it dug deep 1/2 inch divots Into the wood flooring. I had to purchase rubber protectors to protect the floor from the legs. It is super noisy when you get into bed. I didn't notice it for a while until I had a new born baby and when I would get into bed the noice would wake my newborn. It's a pretty bed frame, just would recommend getting floor protectors and prepare for a noisy bed.
Havent unboxed it yet. Waiting for a king size mattress. Box seems to the punctured on one side. I see something that looks like it was torn. Will update when I open it to assemble it.
Easy to put together. It's not the strongest piece. It is good for what I needed. I needed it to put my electronics on. And some cosmetics.
I have not slept since my first night on this mattress It kills my back. The mattress itself is of great quality I think. However it's so much softer and it doesn't conform to my body, it sinks. If you love a soft billowing mattress, then this one's for you!
Like the rug, I'm giving it 3 stars for now because the company did an awful job of packaging as it is all lumpy and I have to wait and see how long it takes to flatten out.
Little bit of help out support he's back
No smell but just too thin and straps aren't long enough. I really wish there was a 3 inch available.
The tables are very small, easy to put together and came with all the parts.
Furniture looks great as I hoped. Ad wasn't clear on amount of assembly. Instructions not included with this unit. Poorly designed back support. More screws needed to hold back on. Right now wall is supporting back support!
Horrible instructions! Nothing is labeled. Tons of bolts and screws should be in separate bags and labeled as well. Nice rack once we figured out how to put it together.
To small for the area I chose and extremely difficult to put together. I had my own service put it together and it doesn't really seem substantial.
The metal was warping and tore around where the tilt and base connect I have rotten luck with chairs though
Ordered three for the office - within a month two of them started sinking every time they were raised. It's been about four months and the third still doesn't sink, but the other two won't stay raised up at all, even if no one is sitting on them
Pretty thin and doesn't lay flat after weeks of trying to get the ends flattened. Put a nice pad under that helped feel better.
Very springy feeling, like an old motel bed. It may be ok for a child sleeping on a twin size, but do not recommend this in a queen size for adults. Very uncomfortable. Wasted my money.
Liked the size. Not happy with the smell of the paint used that lingers after weeks. Bottom shelf did not have screw holes that should have been despite being provided the screws.
While I do like this nightstand, the construction quality isn't that great on the sides. I was pushing the wood dowel rods in on the side of night stand and one bulged the side panel and cracked it. Talk about an eye sore. I mean you get what you pay for, and I should have been a bit more careful putting it together, but if it was better build quality I wouldn't have had to baby the thing while I put it together.
The chair looks good, matches the photos pretty well. It's fairly sturdy, and seems like it might last a while, at least structurally. I am 6' 1", and I don't have any problems with the height of the seat, or the position of the arm rests. Unfortunately, I have a few gripes with it. First, the chair's butt area is supremely firm, to the point of discomfort. I purchased a chair pad less than a week after buying it. Second, the foot stool portion doesn't seem particularly stable, even when reclining. I'm a big guy, and I feel like the weight of my legs could snap the foot support off at any moment. Overall, I'd have to say it's average. For the price, I might shop locally next time instead of taking a chance on an online product.
I gave 3 star because 1) No way to adjust legs height, table is wobbly 2) One of the whole is not straight. .
My fault, much smaller than the one that was on the wall. Also not difficult to put together but , I'm sorry to say it just looks cheap. Especially for the cost.
The headboard seems well made and was reasonably easy to assemble however it arrived very late, was slightly damaged and smelled of lacquer. It works for me so I'm keeping it. Also, the height dimensions are wrong and I had to adapt to my space.
We already have one that we love so much that we ordered another one. (We would like to give the product 5 stars if we can get the right color). There are only 3 options on color yet we received a different one so we ordered a replacement and explained the problem only to receive a nother wrong color item. CS stated they would make a report but can't control what color is sent to us which never happened to me shopping amazon before. I also tried to track the company that makes it without luck.
Really like my chair, except one bolt would go very loosely would not tighten the area inside was stripped..
Long story short, I wouldn't complain if I had paid maybe $50 for this item instead of $100. The material does not feel anything like microsuede. It doesn't feel durable or smooth. The worst part is that it smells! I sprayed it with my Seventh Generation disinfectant and it helped mildly. When you touch the chaise, it leaves a smelly sort of waxy residue on your hands. To me, it smells like an old refrigerator that was used to store fish. I'm going to keep it because returning such a large item isn't worth the trouble to me. It's comfortable to lay on anyhow.
This product is basically thick cardboard held together with double sided tape and covered with decorative paper. These should stack well (long sides MUST be horizontal) but won't withstand a lot of pressure from within and the cover will scuff and tear with even a little bit of rough handling. Moisture will do terrible things to this-- do NOT use in the kitchen or bathroom. Recommended for: College dorms and other short term applications.
Very thin and you can feel the coils
Is as described, a bit smaller than I pictured and the shelves are a tad small to store things but makes for a good night stand in my dorm
Yes, this bean bag is large. But it's not a traditional bean bag, despite the title. The fill is definitely not the kinds of beans you grew up with. It feels more like ground up memory foam, and you can feel 'chunks' of the material when sitting on the bag. The quality is good, and it seems durable enough. But it's just not what I was expecting.
The shipping was fast and the product arrived in very good condition. It looks good as a room divider. However, the assembling was more complicated than I thought. It took a long time to put it together with the small chains it comes with. Overall it is a good product, and they include a nice message decal if you decide to decorate the screen divider.
Beans inside got crushed super easily. Got really flat really quick. Had to toss after a year.
This chair is really nice and I was so excited to open it BUT the right arm bolt doesnt screw in so my arm just keeps falling off but everything else is great.
I don't like that the rug is not turquoise it was teal.
Won't stay on back of chair
This looks really good, just as in the pics & much more expensive than the cost.
It smells so bad I can hardly stand to sleep on it. Does anyone have any recommendations to get rid of the smell?? It's comfortable but the smell is horrendous. Help!
I wish it could go higher.
After a couple month it's already creaking like crazy. We should have went with something different. It's sturdy, so that's nice, but overall I'm disappointed.
Nice chair but couldn't get one screw on each side in- holes on frame misaligned to chair. Not critical to the chair stability but very annoying.
I bought the gray and the rug is nice and soft and a great value but the color was far darker than I bargained for and it didn't work in the room it was purchased for, so I had to put it elsewhere. Worked out fine in the end but I was a little disappointed that it didn't work where I wanted it.
Great color. Poor packaging. It was delivered on a rainy day and water seeped through the box, leaving a large stain on the back of the chair. Unfortunately I saw this a few days after I assembled it.
Its pretty sturdy! And quite pretty. I like how the head and base piece are rotatable but lower than I expected and I believe the size is slightly off because my full size memory foam bed has a super snug fit on in.
Easily assembled but scratched on delivery due to poor styrofoam packaging
Leather gets hot under your butt if you sit for a bit. Also screws can just pop off if you lean a way on the chair. I am 170lbs so if you push 200 and lean on this baby itll probably break off the bottom.
The cabinet was sturdy and helped pull the room together but all of the stickers were put on wrong so the map didn't line up at all. Really made it look cheap
Perfect tiny sink for a tiny space. However the hose connections to the faucet leaks despite being tight.
Colors were very bright. If you are looking for a good cheap rug this will do the trick. No matter how much weight I put on it though the corners wouldn't lay flat.
Spring hurts your back
It's an alright desk but it can be unstable
Disappointed. The figure has scratches on it. I normally don't complain but I am disappointed otherwise I would have given it 5 stars
I was HIGHLY disappointed with the hardness and lack of give in the seat cushion. The seat gave me back pain and pain in my bottom. This was by for the most uncomfortable chair ive ever sat in. Would not recommend.
I did not think when I bought these that it had to be stuck to my floor. I thought it was more like a gripper and not adhesive. Good for not moving rug, but not good when you want to clean area under.
When I laid the support out flat it did nothing to improve support. I folded smaller to support just the middle of the couch and it has helped but not enough that I don't feel I need a new couch. Would not buy again
It's a beautiful headboard. The cherry wood is lighter than most cherries so it doesn't match, but other than that it's nice.
Print is different and not good material
I ordered this to hold books in my classroom. The assembly was easy and it looked nice too...until it collapsed. I had 4 books and a binder in each box when the entire unit came down. It would be great for lighter items, but not something you can use for heavy objects like books.
it have and scratch and one button it's missing, otherwise is cute
I love the way this looks but it's so flimsy it's broken twice we have purchased 2 and it falls apart at the joints.
When it arrived and I opened it, one of the shelves sadly had a big chunk of it missing. Other then that, it is a great desk.
I thought it has movable compass but its a sticker of a compass. Lil disappointed! otherwise functions normal as any other normal clock.
i bought the rug as a color accent, but all can see is olive green and orange as the stand out colors, i was not happy with it and was too much of a hassle trying to return a 9x12 rug. I called and was told that the colors are an imperfect and every rug is different.
Very comfortable but smaller than described. When folded out into bed only about as wide as a twin but shorter.
This is a sturdy desk and it looks great in person. Unfortunately however, some of the predrilled holes did not line up and I had to improvise a lot to put it together. Also it scratches easily.
Desk arrived damaged, mangled during shipment, top mauled badly Difficult to assemble. Nice and sturdy, love the right hand drawer. 3 stars for the damage.
Easy to put together . I'm a mom and did it in no time . Just not sure how long it last doesn't feel sturdy to hold someone heavy . Thankfully my sons 14 a little bit over. 100 pounds . Will see if it hold him
I did 3 stars just because the instruction is all messed up!!!! It has a lot of mistakes and you have to think twice before you put stuff together. The draws are so hard to installed again because of the mistake on instruction. And you have to measure really carefull as draws do not fit. The sink is moving no matter how hard we tighten it. So all and all it looks awesome and we love the design!
Works great, but has begun oxidizing after 16 months. Turns garlic black.
Comfortable only when I'm sleeping on my back. You sink in too far that I woke up just to roll over. Definitely should have gotten a 2” or 3” instead of the 4”. My muscles are actually sore from climbing up and rolling over. Now to try to return this....
We bought three of these tables and put them together as soon as they came through the door. One of the tables is unusable as one of the four legs is about 2" longer than the others! Another of the tables had some of the edge veneer peeling off at the corner, but once the table was put together it didn't show. The one table that has no problems is nice and I like it. :) I'm sending the defective one back. I can't give it 5 stars because of the hassle of having to take apart the table again and pack it up to send it back.Hopefully, this isn't a common occurrence.
I like the amount of hooks and the cute design. What I don't like is material that it's made of. It's pretty flimsy. I don't even think it's strong enough to hang a sweater on it. But it's cute and I am using it for keys and dog leashes.
Solid frame, well designed. Shipping and packaging sucked. Like many others it came with some minor damage and scratches. I don't have the time or energy to return something this heavy. It needs bubble wrap inside or foam or something. It only uses plastic sleeves. Package came basically destroyed.
It's kind of hard, but it is okay. I would recommend investing a bit more money into a softer seat cushion if firmness causes you problems for sitting extended periods of time. For the price, it's definitely what you would expect.
Just received today. I like it but it's so lightweight it just moves all over my tile. I'm going to have to get some kind of non slip grip for it. Also the color was a little more faded on one side more then the other.
The locking nuts don't lock! Finally had my contractor assemble with a nail gun. Now that it is completely assembled...I Love it!
Nice inexpensive bookshelf. Won't standup to a lot of use, but it's for decorative purposes
Went together nice and easy and product did not come damaged like the chairs did. still not great quality of wood. scratches easy :(
Cheap quality but does the job.
Many areas seemingly not well made or damaged upon arrival, but not enough to have to deal with return shipping . Extremely difficult and time consuming to put together and requires two people. Once it is constructed it is very comfortable and pretty on my patio minus the areas from manufacture or shipping damages .
Loved the console but upon opening the box, one of the mirrors was shattered. There isn't an option to get another mirror/door but only to return the entire item. I really don't want to package up a huge item just to get another one when I am only wanting a new door.
Definitely an Expresso brown, even darker than the picture. I put a coffee table together fast than this. I had to use one of my own screws on one of top of the legs to the top. Not as solid as I desired. I really wanted a country style, narrow table and this is all I could find. This will do till I find something else. Cheap looking...oh, well. :)
Have to say, I expected just a bit better quality.. very cheaply made... however the charcoal was good quality, and the insense is ok.. pretty small amount tho..
The two we ordered just arrived yesterday. The product seems very sturdy and a great value. I was disappointed though to find both of them had damage from shipping. See pics. I work in product development for retail and would suggest adding a few cents to widen the box and add more protection along the edges.
The drawer broke 2nd day we had it.
Drawers fall down because they don't fit properly. Metal is very bendable & therefore not sturdy. Cheaply made!
CONS: VERY firm, stains easily, not easily cleaned, bottom cushions can't be flipped, gaps between cushions, several screws came broken or stripped, will only last a few years PROS: perfect color, the chaise can easily be switched, perfect size for my needs, great price for the quality of the couch, back cushions can be flipped
Overall nice but there was a dark printed fabric cover under the outer cover that showed through.
I was expecting this to have a little more padding to help soften a firm bed. But it was not. It's really soft and fluffy until you lay on it. It goes flat and doesn't add cushion to the bed. I have had other mattress pads that had more substantial padding to them. The 2nd issue is the customer service. I ordered the one with the hexagon stitching, and instead got the one with the square stitching. I told them about the stitching not being what I ordered.(I thought that maybe the hexagon stitching would help give the mattress pad more thickness/support) I also told them that it did not do what I was expecting it to do...add cushioned padding to the bed. Since it was so large and difficult to send back, they said they would give me a refund. So then a couple days later, I received another mattress pad exactly like the original one I ordered with square stitching. Okay... thank you...but I didn't want the wrong one again.
I just got it delivered and set up today. It is the perfect height and exactly what I was looking for a floor desk. Nice color, nice size, I don't love the rope slot but that's OK. The problem is the finish - its got some putty or tacky glue or something all over the top of it. And new smooth desks are the best, so this is quite disappointing. I wiped it with some Meyers, and one spot came up with my fingernail. I'm afraid to use anything abrasive or sharp like a razorblade. If I can get it off I will update.
The table it's self is great but it was delivered with a deep scratch. I ordered it as a set of 4 and there was not another table available to exchange it. I'm just going to have to accept the scratch instead of ordering a whole new set of 4 which is a little disappointing.
Very small. Good as display but doesn't hold much.
First, I am disappointed in the personalization. In the pictures, it looks like a bright pretty pink in script. What I received is pale pink in a print font instead of the script I expected. In putting it together, the holes for the screws didn't line up correctly so it took extra work trying to fix that. On the positive side, it does seem sturdy and would be very cute if the personalization was pretty.
Kinda cheap looking but pretty sturdy. It holds quite a bit but lots of metal looking pieces that are actually plastic. Kinda pricey for what you get but was easy to put together.
Great ability to configure in different ways. However assembly is super time consuming. Took longer than even IKEA products
It showed up quick, and looked really nice. That is, IF I had been able to put it together right away, seeing as several parts were missing, and all hardware mislabeled. Customer service has been really good about getting the missing parts sent, but more care should be put into getting it right the first time.
Cute but whatever it is made of, flakes off , horribly!
Damaged when arrived but still works. Also hard to turn with the remote.
I was so excited to receive these chairs, and the second they came out of the box, I knew they had to go back. They are brown. Or at best, a very mustard yellow (but I still say more brown than that). I can say that the quality seemed very good for the price. I wish they had more color options. I would definitely buy another color if they did.
The desk will work for me short term. I realized that it is more of a student desk. Also 1 hole did not mesh so I had to leave off a screw. I am hoping it is something that I did wrong and not the table it's self. My brother in law said he'll take a look at it next time he visits.
I love the look of this rug! It's very sturdy and is the perfect size for my dining room. Only down side is that it either already sheds a lot on its own or it collects dust like no other. Let's face it the dining room isn't a large traffic area for most so it's very odd that every time I sweep/vacuum I have to use the tube to collect all the dust! Yikes. Other than that I like it a lot.
I got my package quickly. I was excited to get it together. The screws that come with this are already in the chair. They do not come out easily as they are glued in with maybe loc-tite. I stripped 12 of the 16 bottom screws. I had to remove them using a left handed drill bit and an extractor. I took the screws to a hardware store in hopes they could match them. No luck. We are having to just lay the bed out on the floor until we can figure out replacement screws. Bed is hard and lumpy. Not worth the 250 I spent on them. Bought 2 at the same time big mistake.
I love the look of these frames, and they were super easy to put together. They're not super sturdy though. I don't feel like they're going to break or fall apart or anything, but they shake pretty easily. The middle support beam has proved useless and annoying, as the metal legs bend any time the bed is scooted.
You get what you pay for! Bought this for my father for Christmas. Finish is not smooth. When you dust it the rag gets caught on whatever this is made out of. Springs on lift were very tight to begin with but have loosened. Would have been nice if they had made it so that you could access the items that you place inside the coffee table. As it is, the table lifts up and you have to reach around the lifted top to access items stored inside! Like I said, you get what you pay for.
Thought would be bigger, firmer and fuller. it is a king size firm pillow. I feel ripped off
It is a simple look, but dresses up a plain top. It is a bit heavy, but is a good length.
I haven't figured out how to get them to stay in my hair
Beware this is not a 5 inch mattress as described. Waited 2 weeks to see if it would puff up but to no avail. Such a pain to fold back up to send back so we are going to use it as a topper on another mattress. It is nice just not 5 inches!
it's just okay. Matches most standard farmhouse style butcher block tables however the legs are uneven. It's an easy enough fix for my husband so we won't return it but it speaks of the quality of the product. Wouldn't repurchase.
I bought this for our guest bedroom - it's not the softest (definitely feels like an innerspring) but it does its job. None of our guests have ever complained! Just not supportive enough for our everyday.
Cute tables easy to put together.
Overpriced for what you get was only one found with the dimensions
easy enough to assemble, and fairly sturdy. Cushions are very cheap, and do not stay in place at all. Glass portion for the table also came in smashed, but was replaced by the provider very promptly.
I bought this bed in April. I travel for work quite a bit so I didn't sleep on this bed for nearly 6 weeks after purchasing. Last month I finally slept on it for three weeks and have slept on it a few days this month. I needed this bed to be softish but supportive. It's plenty supportive but I still toss and turn. I'm a side sleeper and my hip hurts from the pressure. I'm so bummed. The reviews said it was soft but not too soft and supportive. Waaaay too firm for me. Money wasted...
Like the comfort, but it will not fold up into our sofa bed. Too thick.
I found this to be quite firm and a bit uncomfortable as a side sleeper. I suspect people who uses primarily for exercise or for back sleeping would do fine with it.
Not very easy to use, feels unsteady when you climb at high heights. Definitely cannot hold 300 pounds
Doesn't really fit every type of coin. The rails are cut very thin and the angle wasn't what I would have liked. It is an "ok" rack.
I have to keep tightening the bolts. Normally a once year tighten is what I'd expect. I've had to retighten the bolts on both stools multiple times in the first month.
Chair is really nice, bit small but still good also pretty comfortable . Con: Sits really low
First one had no screws but second one was built and seems cheap but so far its holding 4 purses and 3 coats
The adjusting head piece is not very stable. Not for heavy laptop or 17 inch.
I got lucky given the shipping damage: torn corner of box and hole in side of box. Both could have done severe damage to table but I found only one small depression on rim that is not noticeable. Loved the product, but not the care taken in packaging and shipping. Hence 3 Stars. Waiting for the chairs and hope their packaging is in better shape!
This looked good as we put it together in the garage. Pieces should be examined before assembling since we found some dinged pieces after we got it together and probably could have been moved around. One of the doors actually covered a ding. The glass doors are very nice and sturdy. Like the style and height (low-good). We have a mountain condo with a LOT of red oak (paneling, furniture, etc. This did not match well.
I thought it was a white rug that turned red when it got wet. I doesn't stay in place very well. My kids enjoy it though
Love the look of this cabinet but not what we expected. The drawers are very small and don't open very far. A bit of difficulty assembling.
I like the bed but I did not recieved the correct hardware to assemble the bed. I've try to contact them but have not gotten a response about getting the right parts.
These are good chairs at a good price. However, if you want them for the zero gravity feel on your back you will be disappointed. These are not zero gravity. I was really disappointed when I sat in them expecting to rock back and feel that special weightlessness on my lower back.... still good patio chairs for sitting.
Just what I wanted color and all, but they are tiny! Half the size I was expecting...
I was very excited when I received this. It was wrapped well and came in good condition. The issue is that many of us are ordering these for Xbox and video game storage. I'm not quite sure which type of DVD's fit in this container, but do not order for Xbox games! Very disappointed that the games fall over and won't properly fit. I will probably throw this out or donate it, because returning things is such a hassle. Very weird design for a dvd/ video game storage container.
The mattress was OKAY. It never fully inflated to the 10 inches that was expected. We used it for a few days and then were issued a refund. We donated the mattress to a local shelter.
For the price it isn't terrible, but this is a low quality piece, lots of pieces to assemble and when it was done the doors didn't line up exactly which bothered me but I didn't want to take apart the whole thing to return it 😩 I do like that it's easy to clean and looks pretty cute.
Exquisite table. A bit of a chore to put together... as there were no holes where screws were supposed to go. Once we got there it was nice.
These chairs are so pretty and so inexpensive but whoa! They are like sitting on a stack of cardboard.
I use this chair a lot , and the rubber bands breaks easy also the back support screw broke 1 month into us
Cheap material but do the job
Love the table-- shipping information was not good. Spent 2 days waiting on the table because shipping kept saying it was coming that day-- and it did not.
I bought this to use in my toddler's room. I specifically wanted tilted shelves to make it easy to see the books from the rocking chair at bedtime. Pros -easy to assemble -looks nice -sturdy Cons -very short shelves. These would be fine for paperback novels but not great for brown bear. -open back and sides. This looks great for displaying items but not really functional for a toddler small hands grabbing a few books and not wrecking the whole thing.
I bought six of these chairs for our office because they actually match our desks and I wanted our people to have a nice looking comfortable chair to sit in. They all have an odd tilt forward. It takes work to actually stay seated back in the chair. They are beautiful chairs but this needs to be able to be adjusted and there is no way to do that as they currently are being made. As we have all gotten used to this odd tilt we have decided that they are overall OK chairs. For the money we paid for them, I'd like them to have more adjustable settings. They came in a few pieces that needed to be assembled but that wasn't too big of a deal. Overall, I would just so so recommend these chairs.
I am 5.9 tall, weight 159 pounds, work IT, and sit about 12 hours a day. I have long legs, wear shorts most of the time, and move a lot, so the need for having a flexible chair is a must to have. This chair you need patience, patience, and a good back before you decide to put it together. There are so many small parts and somewhat complicated instructions that lack details. The tools kit that comes with the chair is useless. The wrench slips a lot, so expect to bump your fingers around the chair inners(not a pleasant experience). Once you managed to put it together, adjusting the chair is another headache on its own! This is where I am debating on returning or keeping this chair. There are six knee positions you can adjust this chair, and that is great, but the problem with is that you need to remove a long bolt holding the chair against a wall to stop it from collapsing flat on the growing-risking snapping your fingers-. There's another adjuster that it's designed to adjust the height, you have to get off the chair eyeball it to what you might like, sit and if that does not work, get back off and readjust again. You can't adjust it while sitting unless you have a strong grip, and I lift. In all, this is my first week using the chair, and already feel the benefit of having a knee chair. It helps balance the weight on my lower back. It's very comfortable, feels great moving around my workstation. I will def use it and if I decide to keep it will have to remove bolts to it from scratching me. Notes to the manufactures: 1. adjusters should be improved or made to where anyone can adjust while sitting. 2. the screws and bolt design should be revised. 3. the sitting is too steep, it would be nice that it can also be adjustable.
Purchased because of the price and figured it to be thin and not very supportive and my intentions were to place a 5in matter topper for comfort which I did. decent price but not really comfy as I prefer a more firmer matress
I had to cut the both sides to be able to tie around my chair cause no way it could tie to the back of the chair.
I only wish it was a little bit longer with the wooden planks and slightly sturdier.
These things are ugly as hell with some miserable welding, but they are sturdy as a rock. Only buy these for functional reasons.
This is not a luxury furniture pieces, but for casual needs it does the job. Price is right for the quality of the products.
The mattress is ok, but just not as I expected. It feels like there's a lot of dead space inside so I know this won't last very long. I do plan on purchasing better mattresses for my kids bunk beds soon.
I have had similar stools for 30 years with 13" tops. These are just over 12" a bit small.
This bed is very comfortable but for some reason....The very edges don't seem to inflate completely.
This is a pretty addition to any room. I so wanted to give it five stars. Unfortunately the unit makes a terrible squeaking sound when turned on. The heating element doesn't seem to be working either. I love it otherwise.
Looked great but had poor assembly instructions.
Easy to put together. Each stool comes in 5 pieces with long screws. They supply an little Allen wrench, but it's much easier to use a cordless drill with the correct bit. The stools come with wood plugs to cover the screw holes and pads for the feet. Very high quality, sturdy and heavy. Only problem is they aren't comfortable to sit on, so I sent them back.
Have to be careful they will dump you in the floor.
Product as described. For the price, very nice and easy to assemble.
The glass did not fit in and needs to be shaved down
I was looking for a mattress encasement rather than fitted, so I returned it. Also I did not find the pore size in microns in the description. I need a way to keep dust mite droppings from escaping out of an older mattress and pore size is important.
Well hope it gets deeper not 4 inches
It is made of thin material, good for decoration. The screws are of poor quality,they break easily; it is a good thing that the supplier hips few extras.
This is the second one I have ordered (two different places), the first came folded at the fold line and no problems, this one came rolled up and am now trying to make it lay flat. I had read about this problem from other reviewers and I thought SURELY they would have corrected the shipping problem by now! But no, they didn't If there was a easy way to return it, I would have. PLEASE contact your shippers and have them fold it and send in a flat fold box
Beautiful chairs but they are defected. As you see two are totally cracked and one is starting to crack. These pics were taken before even sitting in the chairs. Disappointing. I plan to glue them, paint them white and lightly sand them down. Not worth sending back after taking the time to put them together.
Color was perfect but when I washed it for the first time, two small holes appeared in the fabric and are more noticeable when stretched across my sofa. Not super happy about that.
I haven't tried the tape yet. I'll have to get back when I do.
Don't get me wrong I love the chair and all but the parts on the inside are made cheap as F it seems. I'm not even 200lbs yet without much weight put on it the left armrest metal just gave away and snapped. I'm currently trying to find someone to weld it back together...
Too firm. I haven't slept a good night since. I had to go buy a foam topper to soften it up.
Chair is very poorly packed for shipment. As you can see the box came completely torn up. I thought for sure the chair would be damaged, but upon opening was pleasantly surprised. Except for the writing on one side of the chair with a metallic marker that will not wipe off. The chair was relatively easy to assemble. Does have a pungent smell as noted in other reviews. Outside of my initial dissatisfaction, my hope is that it ends up being comfortable.
The rug is absolutely beautiful and looks almost as pictured the lighter color is lot more sky blue than comes across in photos. That is 1 of the 2 “issues” if you would call it that but my 2nd problem was it came crooked. It looks to be stitched incorrectly so the rug is wonky. It's not a rectangle and the opposite side of the crooked stitching the rug is rippling and won't lay flat so we tried to hide that under our sofa.
The overall function works. It's easy to adjust the angle of the chair. It's also easy to get it upside-down which is easily noticed by the comfort of the chair. For long time use it's not the most comfortable thing to sit on.
it is bad quality. It started falling apart shortly after I bought it
We generally like this rug a lot, as it is an affordable wool rug with a nice pattern and color scheme. However, we have now had it for two years and it is continuously shedding. I regularly collect "hairballs" that have shed off of the rug and when we vacuum the canister fills up within minutes from the rug shedding fuzz. I had hoped that after two years it would have stopped, but no luck.
The rug looks great and fit perfect but it sheds dirt constantly. My kitchen floors are white and since it came in it sheds what looks like dark brown dirt all the time. I have tried vacuuming it several times and it continues to leave a dirt residue all around and underneath the rug.
only can hold my checkbooks and an iPod and very hard to lock -safe came unstuck on back but it will suit its purpose
Serves the purpose. The material came defective. Back of stool was unglued.
It is already starting to fray at the edges. I have to burn off the fuzz about once a month. Looks great but would not recommend for high traffic areas.
The size of this product was disappointing but it is what it is. Put it together and it works for me but like I said could have been bigger
It's very very firm. Not really what I was thinking it would be like
IT SLIDES OFF TO ONE SIDE. THE HANG OVER IS ABOUT THREE INCHES BUT YOU CAN EASILY SLIDE IT BACK. I WOULD LIKE IT BETTER IF IT STAYED IN PLACE
Very slippery on carpet and hardwood. No grip
loved the table but had trouble with getting the chairs together. stripped a screw. Was hard screwing pieces together. Also found same table cheaper. talking almost 30.00 Dollars
I read anothers review of this item and agree, the doors are tough to hang straight. Also be careful of the backing screws as in the middle front lower shelf you can see how the screws broke away the bottom shelf. Otherwise its great!
the instructions were very easy to follow, but the packaging wasn't the greatest..there was a small slit in the headboard and the package looked like it had been tampered with. it's very modern looking and trendy but very wide for my queen box frame and mattress..it's very cute but probably wouldn't purchase again
I ordered a 6 inch twin bed, and received four days ago. I opened up the package and waited for 9 hours to let this new bed back to the shape it supposed be, but it didn't go right! The patterns and the shapes it didn't match the pictures here that shows me! Well, the good new was, I called the customers service, they agreed to exchange another new twin bed for me. This evening, I just received my new twin bed! After measured it, its 5.5 inch! Hahaha!!
Easy to fold, feels sturdy. Don't like that the foot step has to be screwed on and off while transporting, overall works well
Do not buy !! I have no idea where they store their products but there are bedbug eggs in the bed frame! My new mattress I bought last year thrown out 😭!
The black paint will chip off pretty easily if you are not careful. Somewhat hard to unscrew after the pieces were put together. Otherwise, I love it.
The chair is nice but it's too wide and shorter than expected
Little bit of a hassle to put together
I really like the item but when I opened the box item #4 the bottom panel the leg on it was broken off. The seller is going to send me the replacement part ASAP.
Super disappointed at first bc of how thin it is. Wanted for cold basement floor. Then I threw it under my dining room table and it looks fabulous there. Nice surprise I guess. Very very thin.
Received my gray set today. The stools were well packaged inside. That being said, i did have some scratches on one of the bases and on the silver .plastic around the seat itself. Assembly was easy, took about 10 mins to put both together. both air cylinders function properly. You do sink about 2 inches or so when you sit on the stool (i weigh 150 lbs) so they are not high quality air cylinders. on the bottom of the base, there is a "plastic" ring around to protect the floor. With it being plastic, they still can slide a little. Saying is a "rubber" ring is a stretch as you expect a rubber ring to be softer and contour to the floor a bit. Overall, i am happy with this purchase. i understand these aren't high quality stools for the price but they should work just fine. I will update my review in a month or 2 to see how they hold up.
How can i contact sellers ? There are missing screws and i need them.
Chair is good but stiff. I bought it for my son as a gift from "Santa" for Christmas. I decided to put it together Christmas Eve... it would've only took maybe 10 mins but where you screw the arms on was not properly put into the chair so I had to have my dad come over and bend them so I could get the arms on... it was super frustrating!!
This chair tips over easily when reclined. It is comfortable nice when rocking. I wouldn't buy one like this again
Wish the backs were higher.
Comfortable chair only problem I had was the 2 of the casters broke thru the holes they set in
Arrived with a support piece cracked and then fell off. So do I go thru the hassle of trying to re-package it and send it back. More trouble than it's worth. Also, this table stains easily. Don't dare drop any small amount of liquid on this table. It's there forever. Even after I waxed it to protect the finish. Scratches easily. Had to buy a furniture stainer to cover up the scratches. All in all you get what you pay for. This was a mistake!
Perfect bar height and very comfortable! Screws have fallen out after putting together so make sure you tighten them very very well!
After the first day, the chair is SQUEAKY. Also, the screws on the back dont line up with the chair, the screw ended up crimping the plastic.
Not very comfortable more like a mattress topper
material not that much
I received the shelves with only 5 iron brackets :( the shelves look nice I haven't installed them yet but I'm hoping the company will send me the 6th one soon
This is reasonably sturdy and easy enough to put together. I have two main comments: 1) the screws that were in the same bag with the metal pieces for the cupboard doors (to keep the door closed by attaching to a magnet on the inside of the cupboard) were too long. They came thru the front of the door and ruined the finish in those spots! 2) the scale of this is REALLY small. It looks like children's furniture. It's meant to be a bathroom cabinet and the size would probably work well for that. I downsized and am using it to help organize a small office area. Overall it's decent for the money but beware of using the screws that are in the bag with the metal pieces (it comes with a few extra pieces of hardware so there were slightly shorter screws that worked but the damage had been done) and be prepared that the pics give the impression that it's bigger than it is. I looked at the measurements before purchasing and I was still surprised at the scale once it was put together.
It was not packed very well. The FedEx driver told me he had chased a piece all day that kept falling out into his truck. I haven't had time to put it together as we have been remodeling our living room. I'm just hoping all the pieces are there. The color of the piece that fell out is beautiful!
I just finished building this and think it looks nice. The materials seem a bit cheap and a few pieces were damaged. It was not difficult to build and the instructions are easy to use. I would have given it 4 stars if it didn't come damaged.
Does not fit a 55' wide stand. Easy to put together but wood came chipped
First thing I noticed when opening the package is the large crack in the wood at the top near clothing hooks. Where they assembled the sides to the top part with wood pegs there was a big crack in the wood. Thankfully, my husband was able to fix it with some wood glue. Besides the poor assembly, the piece is actually nice. The wood looks great and matches my furniture perfectly. For $50 its not a bad deal, it works great for hanging coats, and gets the shoes off the floor. Just beware it make come broken.
Looks nice, easy to put together. Drawers are kind tough to open and close because the screws are round-heads and stick out too much. They should have used flat-head screws!
Good size and I like that the legs fold in easily for storing but there are some imperfections in the tray that I received. It's not worth the hassle of returning or exchanging, but it looks like maybe it was wet at some point making the finish uneven and interactive on one end.
it did not fit my chair, just about two inches too small, but they did refund my money and made that process super easy.
I didn't find it useful. The temperature from the hot sand was too hot for this tent
Desk is great and would work well if all the parts were sent on the order box. Missing hardware bolts and washers for the assembly of the L-shaped desk. Ran to the local hardware store and wasted more money on buying the wrong size bolts that were never sent by Martin.
Easy to put together but if anyone sat on it, it would tip over.
Seemed like a fair price.... Sturdy enough for a 12 and 8 year old. If I get a few years out of it I'll be happy!
It's a little uneven which is fine while it's on carpet but not on firm surfaces. Although it was super simple to put together.
It's hard to use. It doesn't remember after you turn it off. Each time I turn it on I have to set it again. But it looks good. It takes a minute to get warm and the fan doesn't blow that hard. But still for the price I think it's fine.
I bought this awhile back. This mattress is quite firm so if you aren't looking for that, I would probably avoid this mattress. It expanded just as expected and was definitely a great mattress considering how cheap it was.
The Chair is more like a green/dark grey color. Different from the photo (medium grey) . For my little space works fine. Read the measurements before, is very small.
very nice pillows for decorative covers, but not quite as full as I would like.
Great value for the money. It is a little firm, but it turns out that I like it that way. Plus it keeps you cool.
This is cute but not as I expected. About the size of your night stand. Can hold 50 files the way it's designed.
It is perfect for downsizing your computer space. Study and attractive, I assembled it myself with no help. Instructions were very clear and accurate. My only consideration is that my swivel chair needs to be offset a bit, so I have to scoot it to the left to align it up with keyboard. It's not a huge problem, and I'm glad I bought the desk.
Overall very nice chair. The cover that goes at the base of the chair came broken however. Not a very big deal to me though. It is very easy to put together and very comfortable otherwise! Its definitely not meant for a very big person though. I'm about 5'4" and 145lbs and I fit in the chair perfectly but there isn't much room to adjust or shift around.
Once we finally got this shelving unit up, we love the way it looks in our bathroom! But getting it up there was no easy task. The instructions are pretty much useless, we just looked at the amazon picture to put it together. Also, use your own wall anchors! The wall anchors it comes with are terrible and when we started to put the screw in the anchor slipped right into the wall. Would have been super helpful if it came with some sort of drilling template too. 4 stars for the hassle of getting the shelves up there but they do look good!
Better than expected!
Great chair. I bought it for 11year old daughter for her bedroom. Only negative is that it sheds a bit.
Works well but not the best quality.
Great appearance. Drawers glide easily.
So far she I loving it so much. Will give an update in a month on how it's holding up.
In two separate lots made in their February and March 2019 production runs, the hardware packages were short spring washers and flat washers. This necessitate a trip to the local home center. Otherwise the product was satisfactory.
plan on taking some time but adds lots off extra space
Very comfortable. Soft texture. Reclines without a problem and helps to assist to stand at appropriate height.
Turns out the chairs don't require any screws. It's super easy, there are literally four pieces that slide into each other through the use of tracks. We ordered in bulk for our conference room which is great because I'm the only person putting them together. I'm a little weary though because assembly is SO easy. How sturdy are they for the long run?
Awesome and comfortable.
Nice easy to put together took time but not difficult
Very nice, color vibrant, easy to stuff with large old down blanket and towels
The instructions in the package was out of date and incorrect (i.e. mentioned that side A had four holes total on one end when it was only three which confused me as to whether or not I had the wrong side... and Step 2 was a copy and paste image of Step 3 so it was unclear what goes where). Other than that, great product, super sturdy and would definitely recommend!
Its says espresso but it actually has more of a burgundy to it then a dark brown??. but still nice!
Was expecting a much lesser quality item for the price but when it arrived in the mail I was impressed. It was also packaged very nicely so I did not find any scratches. The color is a nice white and it is true to size. Fits well in small places and is complimentary to other furniture. My only disappointment was that there was a decent sized ding on the bottom shelf that someone had put white out/cover on top of to hide. It's very small but I still noticed.
I ordered this chair because of my lower back pain that is aggravated by sitting. The chair is easy to assemble, adjustable, and comfortable. I'm still getting used to it, but I think it will work well for me.
Prompt delivery. Great condition. Correct size. I was hoping the top side would be just felted and softer. Otherwise a good pad for my oriental rug.
I used it along all four sides of medium and small rugs, along the outside edge, and across the middle. The rugs don't move. Will they come up without floor damage (hard wood floor) ? I don't know yet, and don't plan to lift the rugs any time soon. My track star cat would flip and move the rugs every day, and I'm glad they now stay put.
The color in the picture was not the color we got
Took two people and two hours to assemble, but once completed is beautiful and a great value for the money.
Is very nice and comfortable.
Not bad for the price. Was not too difficult to assemble.
Very nice, easy to set up. One drawer doesn't open very well though , there's is so much packaging , I filled 4 huge garbage bags of styrofoam
Haven't installed them yet but they seem sturdy enough, no wobble on the wheel.
I like this chair a lot! I've got bulging discs in my neck and this chair allows me the opportunity to decompress my spine and neck and take the pressure off of the neck. The material is good, the stitching is good too.
I like the built in runners for hanging files but the drawers do not fully extend. This makes it so you are unable to fill the drawer to capacity and still access your files.
Is not very sturdy and does not hold much weight.
It is what it is, it's a cheap couch. Works fine- not the best quality for anyone who isn't petite- it busted when my dad sat on it- he's not a very large guy.
Assembly was easy with clear instructions. The only reason for a 4 rating is because of minor cosmetic issues. As you can see in the picture, there's was a scratch on the top part. There are 4 small metal L's that hold the key board tray: two of them were bent but I easily bent them back to their original shape. Also, on the underneath part of the desktop, there was a split/crack in one of the corners from the stud they placed where the screw would go. Other than those issues it seems like a nice desk for the price. The keyboard tray pulls out about 6 inches.
It's a little unstable when at it's full height, but since that's too tall for me anyway the desk if great!!! The extra shelf works perfectly for my double monitors! Shipping had a small chip but it doesn't face my side so I let it go.
Great shelves, nice and strong. Easy setup and easy to install. I left the front poles off to give it the floating shelf look. The items on the shelf are not heavy so it works. Would have giving 5 stars but one of the shelves was dented.
Thought it would be bigger. Its made for the size of a child or small adult. It was quick to assemble and the grandkids love it.
Would be nice to have a longer range of effective misting. Used for screened patio during spring, summer, & fall.
Storage in my laundry room
This was very difficult to put together, thank goodness for YouTube videos explaining assembly. Very sturdy though and good looking.
I love that this is such an excellent space saver. It was fairly easy to put together. I highly recommend getting bigger anchors. Once the desk is completely put together it is very heavy and the anchors provided could not possibly hold it up. With the better anchors it came out great!
This wreath was a great price and doesn't look cheap. The 17" was large enough on our front door. No quality issues.
My daughter is about 55 pounds this bed is perfect for someone 130 pounds or less the bed wabbles a little bit, no matter how much it's tightened. The finish and style is great just fyi not for a growing child I would say 10 and under.
It took me most of the day, but in the end it's sturdy and useful. We use the pull-up top a lot.
Needed a new rug for my apartment and liked the style of this one. Everyone commented on how soft it was and how the edges stayed down, and I would agree. My only complaint is it's pretty thin, but it has held up well.
I rather like the unique design of this bookcase and it's sturdy as hell. Be aware, though, the screwdriver that comes with it is somehow weaker than the screws (which are, themselves, robust). I got about halfway through before the head of the screwdriver wore down too much to continue. As long as you have a decent extra lying around, you'll be fine.
It's a foam topper. What can I say? can't imagine why anyone would pay 4-5 times the price. It's a piece of foam People! Don't expect it to change your life.
This unit arrived in good condition, via double boxes. The one minor issue is the poor quality of the 4 screws (included) to support the mirror. Recommend replacing them with American made screws. Recommend installing a Plexiglas top to protect the desktop BEFORE mounting mirror. Otherwise, excellent unit for the price.
Smaller than it should be.
I'm not really sure what everyone's problem is with these chairs. I was hesitant to purchase them because of the poor reviews but for the price, I took a chance. There was absolutely no difficulty putting them together. I did use wood glue as recommended by previous review. The holes lined up and they're sturdy. They're great.
I still am out on a final verdict, but I can comment to what I've noticed over the last month. First, and most important, this pillow keeps your head flat with the rest of you. There is no propping up at any angle with this one. That said, I feel the position is natural and comfortable when on my back. My old pillows always left my head tilted up slightly when on my back so it took time to accept that this new position was good. Maybe it's more mental than physical? My other comment is that I sleep on my side a lot. The support under my neck doesn't feel like it is there. Maybe I should get the firmer pillow to see if that does better - could be my size. I also wonder if it's me and the introduction to a totally new type of pillow makes it seem like there's not enough support for side-sleeping. I can say the amount of neck pain in the past few mornings seemed to have diminished. Still some lingering, but no where near what I had before. Took a few mornings to get to this place and so far I'm pretty happy. Would I buy another pillow like this, yes. I actually will buy the firmer one at some point to see if my hunch is right. For now I continue to use the pillow and I have been sleeping well.
I was holding up all of my nursing books with two big blocks of granite from our basement, but this shelf works much better. It is totally full up with big textbooks, so not a small job, and it shows no signs of strain or that it might ever break. Lightweight, but the construction is sturdy enough to hold real books!
I can't believe the price of this set, given the quite nice furniture that you get for it! I looks great and performs just perfectly! It came in many (some heavy) boxes, and fortunately our set only got 2 tiny blemishes that are not visible from the front (a little scratch and a little dent on the inside face of one drawer). It was fairly easy to put together, all you have to do is follow the instructions. But since the instructions are only graphics, I can see how some people would have a more difficult time with it. However, I want to stress is not hard at all. It is time consuming though. I would like to see manufacturers find a different packing material than styrofoam, because little particles of the stuff gets stuck EVERYWHERE and it's a pain to clean. Also it's not environmentally friendly and can't be recycled. Other than that, we are very happy with this set and you can seriously NOT beat that price!!
Looks good 2nd one I purchased
Pretty good for the money, took out the lumbar support, because I didnt need it. Is a little small, but think that was because I wasnt used to a good chair... so far am loving it!
decent does the job in our Motor Home
This is a beautiful mirror! It brightens up my blue wall 🙂
I bought two of this item for our office desk. They look and work great. Assembly was a little bit of a chore, but if I would have had a bench vice it would have been a breeze. The one thing that disappointed me was that The one package was missing 4 of the 3/4 inch elbow fittings. I ended up having to run to the local hardware store to get what I needed. If it wouldn't be for the missing parts, this would have been an easy 5 stars.
very nice and reasonably priced. good value
This queen frame was really well packaged. Not a scratch on it. Paint looks nice and durable. I wish they had painted the whole thing rather than just what's visible but that's fine. Only issue was two holes were off a bit so I will have to fix that with a drill but all together good buy and very sturdy.
Very complicated assembly. Good quality construction.
It's a little smaller than I expected, but maybe I should've gotten a different shape. I love the 7/8 inch, feels like pillows under the feet.
Sturdy for my 2 year old. No tipping so far. Most reviews said it was unsturdy and unsafe, but we haven't experienced this. My daughter loves it. I would give it 5 stars if it would fold up for easier storage, but I liked the price of this one over the other brands that do fold up.
It's a very nice table. I'm disappointed that it arrived with a damaged box and a dent/scrape on the top of the table. Worst is that there's no one to actually talk to. But otherwise it's a really good looking table!
I like the way it sets and reclines it is a little easy to tilt forward when closing the recliner.
It took longer to get here and they are a little smaller than I thought they would be. The chairs were easy to assemble and are quite comfortable. Look good too.
I am sad the bed frame was damaged but honestly amazon took care of me. The frame is super sturdy, like amazingly strong. It doesn't squeak of wiggle at all. And I love it. Both the frame and the bed came the same time. The box was damaged from shipping I attached pictures. The bed was extremely easy to put together. And I love my new nector bed they are perfect together. Hope this helps.
My husband and I recently laid sheet vinyl ourselves in our kitchen. Being the complete newbies in DIY flooring we are, there were very noticable seams in the floor where a new sheet began so I wanted a rug big enough to cover them up. I wanted a 4 ft x 5 ft rug because that's how big my space was, and this was one of the only ones I could find in the material/colors I wanted in that size. Our flooring is true white & gray hexagon sheet vinyl. I read reviews that said that the rug was definitely off-white instead of true white, but i loved the print, the size and the material seemed perfect for a kitchen. Since our flooring is so stark white,by comparison it makes the rug seem even more brown than white. But, we plan to paint our lower cabinets black and install butcher block wood countertops so I'm thinking the colors of the rug will match better (the off-white/brown colors in the rug will pop with the countertops). So, to summarize, PROS: -I LOVE the pattern of the rug -the material seems very easy to clean in a kitchen (or outdoors) -it is pretty soft (not plasticy or scratchy like some rugs) considering it can be used as an outdoor rug -the size fits perfect in my space -THE PRICE IS AMAZING. BEST VALUE! CONS: -if you're putting the rug against a stark white floor or furniture, the rug will appear to be BROWN rather than off-white
Love that you can add a headboard and footboard. Had terrible time screwing in legs, some areas seem to be cross threaded or threads damaged. Needed a frame that doesn't roll and this one fit the bill. Very sturdy and stable.
Shakes a lot when going up or moving around the bed. Pretty sturdy otherwise. It's great for utilizing small spaces. Took me and hubby about 3 hours to assemble, definitely need 2 or more people assembling, instructions are easy to follow. Hubby and I both sleep on the bed, and it's been good so far!
Ok I got this for $85 new and it's sold out now from that seller. For $85 it's 5 stars! The only thing is that the bottom wasnt fully painted. Like they didn't do an even coat of paint. But when I put it together it does look amazing and expensive...Very very story and easy to put together. It also is a good size kinda large. I do love it would buy again at that $85 price only.
Very firm. No give yet. In guest room so doesn't get much use.
I love this bed. The price is right, it turned out sturdy and it looks great! I will say that the other reviews are correct tha it's hard to put together. My fiancé and I ended up using power tools, and it took us a couple hours. We've had it over a month though and it's great. Definitely worth it for the price, just make sure you have some power tools and extra help!
This table is awesome!!!! So cheap, but very sturdy and beautiful. However, you do need a screwdriver to completely put it together and that isn't in any of the information when you buy it.
The outside of the box was very scuffed up and crushed when it delivered so I was worried after reading some reviews, but the inside was packed well and no damage to the unit. It assembled easily enough, only one side didn't match up perfectly but the mattress covered it up so not a big deal. I added felt tabs on all the bottoms to make it easy to change the sheets. My 11 year old is happy with it and it does look nice.
Chair looks good, comes pretty well assembled, seems to be decent. There is no real head support, I am 6'3" and the back of the chair stops below my shoulders. The foot rest doesn't go up very high but it goes up enough and I can lay the chair back completely when reclined. The chair will spin even when reclined which I wanted. Overall I'm satisfied with the purchase, I would imagine I'll get a few years use out of it. I probably would not buy this model again as a bigger guy but overall it seems acceptable.
They are really nice but u had issues getting the zipper to zip up. Frustrating if your down under a desk or something and trying to keep cables together and zip them in
I think the sofa is great value for the price. I can't figure out whether its bonded or "real" leather but it looks nice. It does mark easy though but I think that adds to the character of the furniture so it doesn't bother me. The seat cushions are held on by velcro and they do stay. The sear cushions start to relax after being used for a while (started off quite hard) but you'll need some cushions for your back unless you like sitting bolt upright. I liked this sofa so much that I went and bought two of the armchairs as well!
Is very comfortable. Small but good
Although I was able to fix it with basic carpentry, the wood base where the metal pole connects broke the first time someone sat on the couch. That was quite a disappointment. Fortunately, no one was hurt. You get what you pay for?
This chair is great for the price. I use it daily and it's a bit uncomfortable after sitting in it for more than 4 hours. But very happy with the purchase
Asked for black got brown instead. Not terribly upset so I won't go through the hassle of getting another one. It seems pretty decent though
This mattress is super comfortable and works well for my daughter's room. She loves it and is eager to go to bed each night, which is a huge plus in my book! Shipping took a few extra days, even though I bought it as a Prime purchase. Also, its definitely not 10 inches thick, maybe 8 inches at most. It took about 2 & 1/2 days to fully shape up.
This rug is very thin. Feels like an indoor/outdoor rug. The colors are nice and true to the photo online. If you sit a table or something on it, it won't slide. Otherwise, you would need a pad.
I like one of them it's really nice looking but out of the 4 piece I ordered one of them start tearing its fabric within 2 days. I just hope the rest doesn't start doing the same
Minor color imperfection on mine. Nice feel to it, nice texture.
I am satisfied with product but there is a caster missing, I have put it together and don,t want to return it, they credited my account, would have given 5 if all parts were there
Love the chest it works great to store stuff! However the top to ours broke, looking to get a new one?
The predrilled holes did not match up, when assembling the chairs. However, once I put it together my own way, the chairs are so cute! They have been used in a preschool room for about a month and are holding up beautifully!
Used for chevy truck,
Came assembled. Oddly they wrapped the top in plastic and THEN stretched legs. Use a razor or painters tool to score plastic on all 4 sides around legs so that you don't have plastic pieces stuck. Looks good for the cost. I added felt pads in the legs to avoid scratching wood floors. Not comfortable for sitting long periods.
I love these barstools. The wood scratches super easily though. But they are comfortable and beautiful.
So far I'm pleased with this chair. It's roomy, comfortable and feels sturdy. I like that it's made for HON, which is a big office furniture company and I've used their products before. The chair arrived in a single carton, approximately 57 pounds. No damage to the packaging like other reviewers have noted. Everything was intact, undamaged and didn't show signs of prior use. Assembly took about 15-20 minutes using the provided hardware, hex key and instructions. Might have gone faster if I used a ratchet or power tool for the bolts, but not much to it: - insert casters in the star base, followed by the gas lift cylinder - attach mounting base to the seat (4 bolts), followed by the seat back (4 bolts) - attach the arms (4 bolts each, 8 total) - check bolts again for tightness - place seat on gas lift cylinder - sit & adjust as needed As another review noted, the assembly instructions has a couple steps out of order. You should attach the mounting base (J bolts) before the seat back (K bolts) since part of the mounting base goes under the end of the seat back bracket. If you follow the instructions as currently written, you'll have to undo the K bolts and remove 2 of them to attach the mounting base, then redo the K bolts. It's not a big deal, just hope the advice saves someone else the time. The chair itself is roomy with a thick seat cushion. The seat feels nice so far, hopefully the foam holds up over time. The seat back gives decent support, though I try to not lean back too much. The lumber support piece is adjustable, which is nice, though not sure how much I feel it doing. The recline is also nice, goes back a bit - you aren't going to take a nap in it. The arms adjust for height and have cushioning, can also adjust their width a bit with the mounting bolts. Overall I'm pleased with the chair so far. Will update if it changes over time. In the meantime, I feel confident putting the old chair out in the rubbish.
All 4 chairs the front drilled holes were drilled off so you can not use two bolts under the front pad section only one. The rear 2 line up perfect .The chairs look great but this was a disappointment.
Loved this table but could not use it because of the size. It is massive!!! I should have read the return policy.....
It worked fast and great!
Great for displaying a hat; In my case a fedora. The stand is quite lightweight which I was not expecting. I figured it would have a bit more weight to it. However, it looks pretty good and functions well.
Come already built, one came with a leg bent but it was an easy fix. Great for the price
When does the smell go away? Opened the packaging up and was hit by a wave of industrial foam smells. We let it sit overnight with the ceiling fan on. Next day whole room reeked. Took it out side where it spent the whole day in the sun. Brought it back inside and then still had to sleep on the sofa bed. Took three days before we used it. A week later and we lay down and still get a puff of foam stench. What is this stuff and will it give me an incurable lung condition? We almost tied it to the roof of the truck and took it for a drive just to air it out...
Looks nice and great price...it's just not very comfortable. It does its job though and does look cute.
Only four stars because I wish the seller would have included a small lock for the bean bags zippers (so kids can't open them). We used zip ties until we bought small locks at the craft store. Other than that, they are great and just as advertised. Only had them for a couple days but they have been jumped on from the couch over and over and haven't exploded or ripped. If they do I'll update this review. If there is no change then it's safe to assume they're holding up just fine.
Comfortable and a decent price. A bit hard to set up the arm.
Sticky plastic to protect the legs is really hard to remove
The bed is nice however the squeaking is a bit much. I bought this bed for my 15 yr old son. He loves it and says the noise doesn't bother him. I am wondering if WD-40 would help?
Had better. I guess you pay for what you get. Slippery and moves around.
Fast delivery. It took time to assembly. But it was not very difficult to make it. Color and design are much better than I expected. It is nice fit to my apartment.
It's nice, big and soft. It's just more slippery material than it is fluffy.
Absolutely perfect for my living room chair. For the price, this has amazing quality and softness BUT, minus one star because the product came with a teeny tiny (seriously, less than the size of a marker tip) hole where the interior is exposed. Sorta a bummer, but easy to conceal. Very cute with our without the legs installed.
I love it. I put it together in about 2 hours by myself which included several interruptions by the dogs to go outside. It is sturdy and attractive. Looks great in the room. Very happy with this purchase.
Great price for this ottoman. Color is perfect. only minus is top is hard as a rock...needs some cushy fill.
once I've actually slept on it in our camper, I'll have a better idea. but laying on it tells me I'm probably gonna sleep like a baby
The cal king bed frame is very very sturdy, no squeaking noise whatsoever. However, the slats are a bit flimsy, and about 3 cm apart (I needed 2 1/2 inch-apart) so I put a foundation on top of it, and then put my latex mattress on top of the foundation. Overall, the bed was pretty high, about 29 in, but it was fine, since there was ample under-bed storage.
It came with a lot of scratchs which I figured it would. However, it was not for me is for my sister who did not care.
It's a great little table, I liked it so much I bought 2.
Quality product and very sturdy. A little lighter in color than expected but happy overall with it.
I didn't expect this to come in so many pieces. Took me about 30 minutes to assemble, definitely use a power drill! But it came together and I love the final look of it.
Product was affordable and quality was good.
Very nice addition to the kitchen under the table and chairs
It is as advertised and for the money a good purchase . I am happy with it . It is not a thick carpet by still laid fairly flat .
Table arrived without any damage. One hole was misaligned and needed attention. If it were not for that, assembly would have been only a bit more than an hour. Seems sturdy. It is the "almost black" color that others have noted and I wanted.
We have no complaints except that the legs make the chair wobbly and one of the legs were busted.
I would have gave this 5 stars if it didn't make my baby's clothes smell woody. Very nice and sturdy and looks lovely in her nursery. I placed a topper on it as well as a changing pad. Lots of room for wipes etc...
Overall, a good purchase, great color, adds depth to the room. My one disappointment is that it came with a dent on the front right hand side. Perhaps, better packaging would avoid this in the future.
Bought for my sons college dorm mattress. He says it makes sleeping much easier with no more back pain.
As a first time home buyer we purchased this coffee table for our living room and table arrived damaged with multiple broken parts and lose screws. Very disappointed as we had gotten it prior to our house warming party and was such an inconvenience that we had to go out and buy a different table.
Such a comfy mattress for the price! Great value and no noticeable smells detected. I live in an apartment with little ventilation and never detected typical unboxing mattress smells.
The instructions are terrible. The video better. If the manufacture placed labels on the parts to correspond to the instructions it would be extremely helpful. Also it is important when assembling machine screws and nuts, to make sure that the smooth head of the screw will face the mattress.
Beautiful table but it took a moment to figure out the instructions as they were in pictures and not words.
This table is very nice looking. Set up was a bit difficult because some holes were not drilled where they were supposed to be. It was not in the assembly instructions how and where to drill the holes. I was able to drill them fairly easily, but it still would have been nice is they were already done. The drawers also do not come out very far, but there is a decent amount of space in them for storing pieces.
The product seems sturdy enough however the 3 drawer fronts were damaged although there was no damage to the shipping box. There is damage to the finish on each drawer front.
I live in a college dorm and bought this to go underneath my mattress pad for additional padding (our mattresses here are terrible). The width seems to be as promised, but the length seemed to me to come up short by a few inches. I'd provide pictures, but I really don't feel like taking my bed apart. Would recommend for anyone with this size of bed, especially if your bed is shorter than mine!
Amazingly thick but size is off. Will have to cut to size
I have it set up in my living room. It's cute, but it has several scratches around it. It's definitely more burgundy than red, and it would be better if it was taller than me, but I knew the height when I bought it. Overall, I would recommend it, but keep in mind it will have scratches on it.
Awesome product. Fit two monitors. Made with wood .
Great buy! The plastic is hard to take off. Kind of wish they used foam instead to protect it. I still have plastic on the bottom of it and it will not come off.
Everything is like the picture but the drawers can be tricky.
Versatile I bought four for backdrop for the bar and to give privacy to guests sleeping on futon
Great chairs for the price but 1 of the 24 chairs I ordered looked fine but the rubber feet on the legs was used. The rubber is dirty and worn down u like the other 23. I would purchase this product again.
Very nice. Wish the shelves were more spacious. You can only get a sizable plant on the top shelf. I read the measurements, but the photo makes it seem larger than it is.
Well built, heavy duty and easy to assemble. Looks good and plenty of storage space.
This decorative headboard is lovely, looks fantastic on the wall. The only problem is it needs 2 more screws than provided. The extra screws are needed to make it fit snug against the wall. It is definitely a unique look that is way better than a traditional headboard.I would recommend this to a friend!
This mattress pad is perfect slept comfortably all night.
Just be sure to cut it carefully. Gets a little tricky if your drawers aren't manufactured squarely. Offers good padding and a nice look. It doesn't move too much but does not adhere which is fine with me. Adds some cushion for what you store in the drawers.
Don't plan on storing hard guitar/bass cases under it, parallel bracing prevents most of them from fitting
My original order arrived without one of the set of two and without hardware. I immediately called Amazon's customer service and they offered a full refund or a replacement order. I went for the latter and do not regret it at all. They arrived quickly and I didn't have to deal with the hassle of returning the first chair I received without hardware (just went to Home Depot and bought similar screws and now I have a set of three!). They seem sturdy and in good condition; would recommend despite the initial mishap.
I hesitated when I saw some of the very negative reviews. I am happy to report that the assembly instructions seem to be updated since some of the early reviews were left. It's in 3 languages, so may look more confusing than it actually is upon first glance. It wasn't difficult to put together. Went pretty smoothly. I will say that I'd have given this a 5-star review, but there was a crack in the back panel. It worked for me, because I bought this to hide my HUGE power strip of cords in my living room, so I cut the back panel down to leave the bottom, below the 1 shelf, open. Also, it is a little tricky balancing the door/hinges, but no more difficult than with other pieces of furniture I've built. It's not bad quality overall and so attractive it makes up for it anyway. I would recommend this.
Decent bed. Good materials. Holding a 14" memory foam mattress. Took about 20 minutes to assemble. There was a small scratch the size of a nickel on one of the side boards, but not a huge deal. The packaging was good, and I guess it's hard to avoid when shipping something heavy like this. The finish is ok. Rough on some spots, but I appreciated that it didn't smell like toxic chemicals out of the box. I did get a splinter by running my hands across a rough unfinished patch, but that's mostly my fault.
I bought a bigger size so I could cut different sizes for different uses around the house. I have this under my family room area rug, kitchen runner, and annoying couch cushions that kept falling toward. WORKS amazing under the couch cushions. So so so happy. Carpet doesnt slip but wish it added more cushion.
always risky to buy a mattress online. it was good and in a fairly small package to receive. nothing to complain about good for the price
Okay let's just start by saying I love this bunk bed it's amazing after put together but let me just say it was a bitch to put together like it you have the extra money to have someone put it together do it!!! I'm just so happy it done and I love it very cute.
Nice sturdy table. The walnut looks good, but not glossy as in the picture. It's a classic, but would be very boring without a nice centerpiece to make it stand out.
Is it the largest most comfortable couch in the world!?...... No! Let's put things into perspective though, this is a $180 couch! I had three expectations when opening the box 1) be a couch 2) be easy to assemble 3) not be broken, that's it! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of five, is because one of the legs was broken. However, it was fix-ably broken, just the small plastic end piece on one of the legs. I was able to call the superintendent he helped me superglue it back on and we were good to go. It was mildly inconvenient at worst, still as stated before I expected it to 'not be broken'. For those of you complaining about comfort, quality and/or style; what exactly where you expecting when you typed "couch" into the search bar, then selected "price lowest to highest?" I was expecting to spend at least $300. For $180 this is amazing! Also, the fact that it can hold up to 500lbs blows my mind, I wouldn't try that, but apparently a few people already have, and it didn't fall apart. In short, I absolutely recommend this couch to anyone who is A) single B) poor or C) both. I do not recommend this to anyone over 6 feet tall who is planing to sleep on it. It's only 66 inches long, since I'm only 69 inches long, I can sleep with my legs curled. Taller people might not be able to pull that off.
These chairs worked out fine. Very comfortable.
i like it however, i think the ones that are almost identical that can be found at some home goods are better quality than this brand
Haven't used yet but did set it up to check it out. It looks like it will work out nicely for camping. We had to return the first one because of minor damage. Received a replacement within days. The replacement too has minor damage but if we can get a replacement part from seller it should be fine. One of the pieces that clips the top table to the bar is broken.
These chairs are amazing - super comfy, lil spot to rest your toes underneath, and they are so pretty! Buuuut they're too tall. Thank goodness my roommate has a wood saw and can cut them down a few inches. Otherwise, I love them! Really easy to put together, too.
We really like these chairs... but we don't love them. They look good, they're sturdy, and fairly comfortable. Also, lightweight and they came fully assembled. There are a few rough places that can catch fingers or clothing but that hasn't happened because we are careful. I do recommend them especially at this price point.
For the money, this is a pretty good desk. The assembly was easy and the desk is a lot sturdier than others that I have put together. It also seems pretty resistant to scratches and marks. The one thing is with the middle drawer size, for me when I am sitting at the desk and have my chair adjusted so that it is comfortable to type, etc my legs hit the bottom of the desk. When I lower my chair so that I can slide under it comfortably, then the top of the table is a bit high and not as comfortable. Maybe it is just the way I am sitting and I am sure I will get used to it, the height is great, it's just having that drawer under it makes it a bit harder. I am still pretty happy with the desk.
The image quality was excellent. I would recommend this product for a fun hobby project. There was no shortage of plastic diamond dots and the directions were easy to follow. After completion, I used Modge Podge to seal the beads in place.
Refreshing to not have to assemble something these days! We love the color. We use it to store all of our family games in and functions great as another place to sit in our family room. Very sturdy, great product.
Let me first say, this was purchased for minimal use. It is hard as a rock to sit on. The style and price made it perfect for what I needed. It assembled very easy. I am very happy with it. If you are looking for something to sit on all the time this isn't it.
Nice desk but the hardware could've been better. My husband had to go buy better quality screws and anchors, it does not come with a mount. He also had to drill a few extra holes (2) to get it to line up. ( Whatever that means)
I bought 2 of these for my 85 yo mother. They were delivered 2 days early which caused a few issues but better early than late. I was surprised by the quality of these chairs for the price. They are pretty heavy so be sure you have help. Easy to put together and they feel and work great. Wouldn't recommend for the very large and/or tall. Im 5'5" and 180 and they fit me perfect. My mom is 5'0" and 160 and she loves them. I deducted a star for the problems the early delivery caused me.
Here are some pics that will give you an idea on the finish....
my husband loved the rug. I got it in discount and it was completely worth for price.
Do Not Try to Assemble while Drinking! The instructions are horrible, making an IKEA assembly seem like a breeze. Easy to clean but dog fur seems to gravitate toward the shelves (maybe buy the same color as dog?) worth the price and looks nice. I will probably buy a second set.
The mattress is nice and comfy. However, I ordered a full size 8 inch but a queen size 10 inch was sent to me. I couldnt get it replaced because I live outside the US. Therefore, its now my expense to get a queen bed. Sucks. On a positive note the mattress is comfortable.
Nice tables,only took about 10 minutes to put together. Sturdy. We bought for use as bedside end tables for a guest bedroom
Very easy to assemble and easily holds dual monitors and two additional open laptops. I just wish this came in a 60 or 65 inch length model.
Well made. I bought the California King and it fits perfectly.
It is a pretty chair....the seat cushion is quite hard suprisingly, but for the price it is a good deal.
I was surprised that this cart had a finished top. I expected and prefer a unfinished butcher block top. I will replace the top eventually. Cart is OK. Not super sturdy but adequate. Assembly was not a problem.
The Only reason I took off a star was because it came in with one leg severely bent. However their customer service was prompt and helpful. The desk is sturdy and a great quality for the price.
Middle draw was built in upside down , very weird tried to fix but pretty impossible without taking apart. Other than that very nice vanity and pretty simple to put together.
Love this toy box, was hoping it would be bigger
The fabric is nice and the chair is lightweight. One button is hanging which I don't know how to fix. The chair pad is thick and comfy.
This sofa sleeper is small and short, but very comfortable.
Item was as expected.
I like the table. I bought it as a replacement for a desk that was too large for my office and this one is just right. I've subtracted a star because the table is damaged. Two corners and two spots on either side of the desk are dinged. It's not bad enough to deal with the hassle of a return but, based on the other reviews, it's something to know before you purchase.
I was VERY sceptical about purchasing a chair online without sitting in it first. While the chair is a little stiff and the footrest is a little hard to put down, as others have mentions, I am happy with my purchase. It is nicer than many of the chairs you find in the nursery/baby stores, and more delicate looking than the bulky recliners you would find in a major furniture store. I look forward to relaxing and breaking in my new chair!
I ended up needing a drill to get it tight enough to sit on without squeaking. Looks great. We added some weatherproofing to the top and are using it outside.
I liked this product, took a some time to put together it came in a big heavy box will need 2 ppl to carry and assemble. The color of the brass is on the darker side and the table paper is literally wall paper and it's already pealing up and it's only been a month. The stools aren't so supportive but all together the set was good somthing quick if you don't wanna settle for buying somthing outrageously priced .
-----You need to brace it, either to the wall or a T brace. It wobbles a little and if a child pulls up on it, it may topple, or with a sideways movement, may just bend in that direction. It's an attractive shelf and perfect for a no little child house if you don't support it. The instructions suggest bracing it onto the wall with the included hardware.
So far I am really impressed. The bed seems great and I will write more in a few days. It arrived right on time and is everything the other reviewers reported.
Great product. Me and my daughter put it together in about 3 hours. Its sturdy and very well built
Had a few problems but they are willing to help solve the issue other than that very soft and costumer service is very important
Perfect for hanging all my outdoor gear. Easy to assemble.
UPDATE - Inofia worked really hard to resolve this issue after receiving negative feedback. I gave them more stars because of that. - I have not used the mattress yet so i can not attest to the product. ORIGINAL REVIEW - The mattress came without the cutting tool that was listed in the instructions and also shown in the previous reviews from other customers. It took me awhile to figure out how to get a hold of Inofia since the support links to their website come up as a non working page. I sent a message to Inofia to ask where I could find the cutter in the package and it took 6 hours for them to respond. Once they responded I could tell there was a language barrier for the sentences were not complete. After a few questions on their part they cut my resolution off sending me to an email service with nothing settled. Not impressed!
Very comfortable but doesnt like to stay on the bed even with a mattress protector and fitted sheets. I have had to readjust the mattress several times and now have to find a solution to it slowly coming off the bed with each time I get up.
Product seems sturdy. Nice even print on the material. Not sure how long it will hold up as I will use it on a counter sink, hence it will be get wet most of the time. Update: holds up pretty well. Still looks great. One tip, though: minimize cuts if you can, it doesn't look seamless if you cut in the middle. It is noticable.
Some parts were not labeled, but they could be identified by the process of elimination. Assembly instructions were adequate, but some steps were easy to get wrong if you didn't pay attention closely. Agree with other reviewers that sturdiness depends mainly on the thin back--I would like to see some solid wood bracing. It looks pretty good considering that it's imitation woodgrain over particle board. We got two, and the included brackets made it easy to attach them together without drilling or screws. The box was falling apart on one set, but everything inside was OK. The other had a perfect box but had a few dings on the material. Go figure. One edge was partly missing laminate, but I fixed it with repair tape (purchased separately)--didn't want to wait for a replacement board. Front/back length is small relative to height, so we will definitely be anchoring them to the wall.
Not as colorful as the picture, but still love it!
It works fine. We are happy with it and it came in a very timely manner. Thanks!
I've had this unit for about a week, now. It assembles very quickly with clear instructions. I was able to put 2 units together in about 3 hours without another person. I found the pieces to have a very strong smell after opening the box, reminiscent of a carton of cigarettes. The smell has faded but is still not 100% gone. Recommend you air it out if you choose to purchase this product. For the price, you get a good amount of storage. I use this is in a guest room to display photos and house some storage boxes. They are not extremely sturdy however, so be careful storing heavy or breakable items. The kit provides you with a standard metal hex key. The problem is that you're pushing screws into pre-drilled holes and securing it on the back with a nut. The hex key was pretty useless without something to secure the nut. You'll absolutely need an adjustable wrench to be able to tighten it properly. I found that even when properly tightened, the piece doesn't feel 100% sturdy. There's a lot of wobbling around if you apply even a little bit of pressure to the unit since the bamboo is so lightweight. May not be a great idea around kids since this could easily fall over if a kid where to try to climb or pull themselves up with it. This does look a little cheap. The slats for the shelves are glued, and you can easily see the excess glue that wasn't wiped away. I had a few areas with splintered wood, especially around the pre-drilled holes. In some cases, there would be a small finishing nail partially blocking the pre-drilled hole to secure the shelves. One or two spots where the pre-drilled hole doesn't exactly line up properly, preventing you from getting a 100% secure with that shelf. Overall, for the price, I find it's worth it. It's a pretty yellow-toned bamboo but accurate to the product pictures. I think this would look cool painted white. I'd recommend keeping this in a place out of the reach of kids. Would be good in a pantry, basement storage, or garage for small items or lightweight things. Edit: Also want to mention that one of the shelves is branded with the Costway logo. Since my unit is against a wall, I just assembled to make sure that the logo would be against the wall, but keep that in mind if you want this to be used as a room divider and visible from both sides.
This works great for how I use it with my computer. I saw someone post that it was all backwards or something and I could see how you could put it together that way if you don't follow the directions or something. However, if you follow the instructions and pay attention to the photo it's fine. I haven't tried it yet but I also think you could take the monitor stand back off and the top keyboard shelf and switch sides, so that would be convenient. I use this at my bed and my exercise bike.
It's difficult to buy a sofa sight-unseen, but I took a look at a lot of different designs. Ashley furniture seems to have a decent reputation, and their retail presence suggests to me that they still stand behind their products, to an extent at least. I wanted a long, traditionally puffy and comfortable plush sofa, so I ended up going with this one. The sofa comes well-packaged, but perhaps not well enough to endure mishandling by shippers - luckily there was none in this case. I was surprised initially by how light it is. It's huge, but lighter than its bulk would suggest. This could be a good thing or a bad thing. I will certainly update my review with any added observations on long-term durability. On another durability note, I was not overly pleased with the feet that come with the sofa, and must be installed without predrilled holes. The feet are somewhat light and flimsy plastic, so I am not sure they will hold up over a long time. I'm sure they can be replaced easily, so I'm not overly worried, but I wish they had included better-made and more solid feet. The screws were also extremely hard to drive into the wood base (not joking, I had to put together a lot of pieces with no predrilled holes as part of a recent move, but these four screws were definitely the most difficult to drive!). They have very shallow Phillips heads which easily come loose without applying an absolutely insane amount of pressure. Not a pleasant experience. Now that the moving and setup is over, however, the sofa is a very pleasant piece of the living room! It's the right height, and sufficiently large for plenty of comfortable room for several people. The back and armrests are extremely comfortable. Surprisingly, the cushions are a little less so, as the foam is very, very firm, at least initially. This is probably a good thing, and speaks to better long-term comfort, but you may find them slightly uncomfortable at first. Overall, you get what you pay for, especially with living room furniture. I do believe this is a good choice for the money, and a good value overall. It is a large and comfortable plush sofa that should hold up well over time, and will probably grow more comfortable as the seat cushions break in. My only concerns are with the durability of construction, given the lighter than expected weight, and the flimsiness of the feet. But I expect the worry is unfounded. Time will tell!
Had these less than a year and one of the legs on one is starting to come apart where it connects. Not too bad, I just hammer back in place but took a star off for that
I was put on best rest with this pregnancy and I had to purchase this so I can work from the comfort of my bed. I love that my laptop fits in the compartment and the cushion is very thick makes it comfortable to work on your lap.
Simple assembly. The boards seem flimsy & I was worried they wouldn't hold up, but it works great and holds everything I have on it. Looks good, just not the greatest quality.
It's small but cute, it's just me and my husband so it's works
It's a pretty nice looking coffee table and lightweight , I put it together myself in hardly no time at all . It's not that great for as it's not solid wood but I guess for the price it's fine . I'm not sure I would buy it again as i wanted something more solid but that's another story .It matches my other furniture so it will work But if you want a decent looking table for under $140 I guess it's one to buy
Very pleased with the robust packaging. Packaged to handle the rough handling boxes like this take in shipping. Box was double-walled, materials protected with form fitting foam and other cushioning. No pieces damaged in shipping. Hardware was complete and nicely packaged, with a couple extra pieces provided on most parts. Hinges on the doors lined up nicely and all pre-drilled holes were where they should be. Assembly was pretty simple. Use of a powered screw driver is not required, but will make someone the work easier. All pieces were properly marked with their item number. The only thing stopping a 5-star review is that the instructions could have had a little more detail on the orientation and placement of some pieces. Once complete the piece looks nice and feels sturdy. I ordered the black cabinet. Definitely recommend.
A little smaller than expected, but awesome product! Very sturdy and good quality. It was hard to build, hence the 4 stars.
good softness and affordable.
I really like it is comfortable and it worth the money
A little difficult to raise, hoping with time will loosen up some, but I do love it
After reading through what felt like a million reviews of every Serta couch on Amazon, I settled on this one expecting a comfy couch, relatively easy to put together, but nothing that would blow me away (basically perfect for a new apartment for a 20-something who finally has room for a real couch). Having assembled it yesterday, key points: 1) It comes in a massive box, amazing it arrived so quickly with Prime 2) Assembling it with two people definitely recommended. Aligning some of the bolt holes required some maneuvering, but was not a big problem. 3) The cushions are all comfy! Definitely way comfier than the other mail-order couch I had previously and should settle a bit as we use it. 4) The seating is a bit shallow, but i expect the cushions to be worked in over time 5) Fabric is super soft 6) Could definitely fit 3 people, but the middle seat would just be more uncomfortable because it's between cushions All in all, I am pretty thrilled with a couch that arrived in 3 days! It's comfy, it looks great, easy to assemble with a friend. Absolutely perfect for what I was looking for!
I did not like it when I was putting it together the 2 sided tape was not working well making it very frustrating. I used a strong glue which worked!! I know have it full with records and a metal crate on top with records it feels very sturdy and looks great!!
There were two hairline cracks in each side of the dresser. Even so, once assembled the piece is sturdy and looks nice for a closet. I like the easily wiped clean texture of the piece. The drawers move smoothly and are a good size. I assembled it in about two hours with multiple distractions and making lunch. Overall, I'd buy it again.
Love this table only problem was one of the stole was missing three screws but I had screws here
I love this item! It was easy to assemble until it was time to insert the glass! It was a pain. Future buyers, be sure to lubricate the edge of the glass that inserts into the white posts with vasoline. After that, it slid right in for me...Lol. The difficult glass is why I didn't give 5 stars. I love it though! Great buy! Great Value!
Looks exactly as described. Love the colors. Would need to add an under pad to have any plushness. Very rough but practical depending on where you are using it.
Product is easy to assemble and looks better than the photos. Arrived in a box surrounded by styrofoam that was very time consuming to clean off as it was damaged during shipping. Instructions were clear and drawers open and close easily.
Pretty easy to put together. I am also a pretty big guy and fit in it comfortably. the reclining is a bit difficult to do. Wish it had a button or lever for that instead of leaning back forcefully. the storage pockets on each side come in handy. Material feels nice and comfy.
The product arrived on time. Packaging was great. Well written instructions. It took me about 30 mins to assemble without any power tools. Desk turned out great. It fits my purpose. My two laptops fits easily with some space for a third. The desk is cheap but does not look cheap. The back design helps in good cable management. It will also be a great for some led light strips. Cons. Included screws are cheaply made and will loose grip cuts if the driver slips. The desk needs two people in order to flip over and move after assembly. The included grommet caps are loose. The table top is not wide enough. For a desktop configuration, you will need to use a monitor arm or wall mount. Overall. The pros outweigh the cons considering the price
Will get hot. I've owned this bag for three or more years and still love it. You will need to flip it from time to time. Would buy again
It was easy to assemble - I recommend having a drill with a hexagon screw head to make things faster as the tool provided will take long - but is not necessary - you could old school it with a Phillip's screwdriver. The instructions were spot on, and I got it built in about 30 mins. The chest looks great. I use it to hold bbq supplies outside on my patio, and it has enough room for two large bags of charcoal and other supplies.
I give it 4 stars for quality, but 5 for looks. I am using this in my storage shed for now to stack boxes on b4 I move. It's a nice looking table, might even put it in my kitchen to use for awhile in my new house before getting a non-portable table. It doesn't look like a cheap portable table and is kinda wobbly, but I like it better than the other adjustable one I bought at Target on Black Friday. That one is a lot more sturdier, but looks like I'm setting it up for a party or something.
Great for the price .. still holding up after a year
Not bad, for a low cost mattress; makes a great guest bed, but I would not make it my own / main bed
Decent product, great price but don't expect the world. Little difficult to assemble.Constantly have to adjust the pillows since they're not attached.
Love the size and color. The top is a little thin with padding, but it suits my needs and color.
Easy to assemble Works Inexpensive, for it's cost it is really nice Seems durable and sturdy It looks nice There were blemishes on some of the edges and dents in the wood in a few places.
Good for the price, finish is good. Only problem is legs are attached using single screw making it wobbly if not used properly.
I didn't give it five stars because a middle leg is missing, probably lost in transit as the box looked re-taped close. It's a great piece though.
It's a pretty chair. A cozy chair. soft. At it's lowest setting, my feet don't touch the floor. sad.
I used this to replace an air filled mattress on my sleeper sofa that leaked. The new mattress fit inside the old cover and was used by my son when he was here for a visit. He is 6' tall and over 200 pounds and found the mattress very acceptable for a sleeper sofa mattress.
Definitely will still need to invest in a foam topper for this mattress but it's a great alternative to the traditional futon mattress I've had in the past.
The shelf itself is beautiful & well-made. I gave 4 stars because the mounting kit wasn't stellar. . Bought my own to make sure it was secured properly to the wall.
The bed frame is solid, comes with heavy duty bolts all the way around. Easy to assemble with numbers at every corner so you know what bolts where. One thing that I didn't like is the wood slats, they're pretty weak. I pressed down on one wood slat with my hand, and it bends easily. Need heavier duty wood for better support. So what I did, I went to the hardware store and had them cut a square piece of wood that wood fit this twin bed frame, came home, removed the weak wood slats, and dropped the solid square piece of wood instead.
Its firm, good for the people with back problems.
Clean lines and seems pretty sturdy. This is for a 4th BR so I didn't need something extravagant. It did take a bit for me to get it together. 58 yo female who has done a lot of IKEA college furniture...this one had I believe one piece labeled backwards. Once I flipped it, everything seems to work and look fine. Obviously not an expensive piece but good enough for what is needed. I think it seems pretty solid, but did make sure I tightened everything before adding the mattress. No tools needed as it comes with everything to put it together. Once everything was laid out, it took me about an hour, but as i said one piece seemed not labeled correctly.
I find the mattress very comfortable so far. Just enough give and support to be comfortable for me. I used to have backaches from my old bed, not any more.
I'd give this 5 stars if it were not for the 'wrinkle' factor. The inside edge of the large rug was really badly crinkled from being rolled up and shows no sign of evening out, as well as the rest of the rug being wavey and imprinted from the two smaller rugs that were rolled up inside. No problems with the runner and the smaller area rug. It's a good quality for the price, just wish it would lay flat.
It will do in a pinch. I bought this along with a folding frame for guests. The mattress is surprisingly thick and comfortable. No weird smells upon opening the package and unrolling the mattress.
Good table and chairs for price. However, be prepared to tinker with the chairs. The back pieces are tricky.
I know the photo is gross but that was what the blackhead remover sucked out of my face. My acne is still the same (low-moderate) and there wasn't change to my large pores around my nose. Although those haven't changed, I still like the device and use Burts Bees Natural Acne Solutions Daily Moisturizing Lotion afterwards.
All in all a great deal. The hardest part of assembly in my opinion is the keyboard part.
The smell of the wood or maybe the paint don't go away.
Purchased a “used” model from Amazon. Description said Very Good Condition ...item arrived pretty beat up (broken drawer, torn drawer liner, chipped paint) but nothing wood glue, velvet, and TLC couldn't fix. At least the mirror was in excellent shape *wipes forehead*. Saved a whopping $10. Assembly took a little over a couple hours. Had to re-install a few items, as directions are follow-the-drawing and have no written instructions.
This came to us well packaged and in good condition. It is placed in the L shaped area with the stove on one side and the sink on the other, so it gets a lot of traffic. We had two separate rugs covering this area before and we were constantly catching the ends and tripping on them. This rug is wide enough to stop that from happening and even though it's thin, it's staying in place on our slick floor. Very happy so far with this purchase.
Not too bad but also kinda thin material
Purchased the topper three months ago and am very satisfied with this product. It seems to contribute to a deeper sleep experience.
The dresser is nice but stands a bit too high. I think it's great for the price! The assembly was a bit tricky at first but then it got much easier. Their customer service helped me with the assembly each step of the way until it was completely assembled.
Good and sturdy but back of seat could be made slightly reclined to reduce back stress.
I love the size and the quality. It's just the right size for our family of 3. The assembly was relatively easy, if you've ever had experience assembling anything. However, the holes must be misaligned because not all wheels are touching the floor.
A pain to assemble but bery nice once done.
Let me start off my first saying I never received my package. I don't believe it was due to the company just the delivery service. Was supposed to get here on a Thursday, amazon app didn't say delivered until the following Monday but it never showed. With that being said, my boyfriend purchased this same bed frame a few months back and it does what it's supposed to do. Nothing spectacular about it. But I do like the black metal look
Easy to assemble and looks nice.
It is a bit on the firm side. A 3 inch memory foam topper makes it very comfortable.
I like that it came with all the parts . It doesn't feel 100% sturdy. But it's a good quality so for the price it's a great deal. And it looks really nice .
Love this pouf! Took a long time to get here, but worth the wait- would get 5 stars if it had arrived on time!
I am very happy with this shelving unit BUT, I read quite a few reviews first!! The cam locks did arrive broken or broke when installing. For $3.00 and change, I bought GOOD ones at the local hardware store. This unit is absolutely perfect for what I needed.
Took some time to figure out the assembly since the instructions were not clear. I put the drawer rails on opposite directions. After realizing the same it took me some time to rectify it. The left drawer is still kissing the upper top. The hole measurement is not very accurately done. Bought this mainly for 5 years warranty. Lets see how it holds up.
We use this chair to take pictures
Way better than the mattress that came in my new RV.
I read the reviews before buying this rug and noted the inconsistency in vibrancy. Some folks said the rug was more saturated than the pictures, while a few said they were disappointed by how dull the colors were. My rug arrived today and after rolling it out, I also thought it was on the dull side. But overall I liked it. The funny thing is that when I came back to the living room later in the day, the colors looked much more saturated. I thought maybe it was the difference in lighting - natural vs LED. But, after walking around the rug, I saw that the colors look different from different angles and depending on how the threads are angled. I'm attaching three photos: 1) saturated side 2) less saturated 3) less saturated after I dragged my feet across the rug in a couple areas. I'm guessing it will be more consistent if I vacuum over it? Outside of that interesting issue, it looks exactly as expected :)
Good product. Wish it was easier to unfold.
A lot of pieces to put together one hole was missing
This is a really good product and it looks very nice, but it is only 5 pieces in total which do not come with any directions and the only thing keeping it from falling apart are the weight of the 4 slabs of wood. It does not screw in anywhere, and if you bump into it, it has a good chance of collapsing...
Solid furniture. Good instructions for assembly. Finish is not perfect, some blotchy areas, but feel like it is great for the price. For faster assembly, use power drill/driver with appropriate bit.
I really like this headboard. It looks nice and is pretty stable. However the color was a little off. It's a little on the blueish grey. I thought it was true grey.
Everything is great just wish it was a little more rose gold looking.
My only complaint if I really had one would be that I wish it was a little thicker. It is great quality, stays on the bed well, and a great value for the price. Super comfortable!!!
This is a pretty good TV stand for how cheap it is. I was impressed with how comprehensive the instructions are and it came together fairly easily. Almost everything lined up except the bottom moulding which left a 1/2 inch gap of exposed particle board but i just took a black sharpy to it and it looks alright. I put it together by myself and it took about 3.5 hours Anyway, it's not fancy or flashy but it does the job.
Bought twin size. It took appx 5 min to assemble with help from a 3yo. Worked as expected on old bed frame with a foam mattress (Nectar) placed on top.
As advertised, good price, speedy shipping.
Its a good matress, just definitely not made for daily use, me and my wife are smaller/lighter then your average couple and the bed became painful to use a while ago. Definitely not bad as a temporary for the price when you can't afford more (lasted us like 7 or 8 months before wearing out) or for a guest bed.
Beautiful. Good quality. The only problem was the screws on the stools losen up and they get wobbly over time
A bit smaller than I expected
Fits really well in my dorm/apartment! I carefully measured everything to make sure it would fit in the small space and it works! Down side is that is stinks really bad so idk what to do about that. It was also a little dusty from all the packaging and whatnot so I dusted it and black stuff came off a little bit? The table looks the same though so it must just be residue. There was a small chip on one of the legs but not noticeable. There was a paper with typing written backwards or whatever but didnt use it. Happy with the purchase!
Easily assembles, sturdy arm rests, very cushy cushions, better quality than I was expecting for the price.
I bought this for my closet it is pretty sturdy for clothes! Not the easiest thing to assemble, but not impossible!
You can find it cheaper on other websites. But it is very comfy and I like its cushions and color.
perfect fit and comfortable
nice bed for the price. would fit in any decor. it seems not quite as long as a standard queen? mattress hangs over end
Great inexpensive bed frame. Was easy to put together and has held up well. The only thing I have noticed is that I have had to tighten several of the fasteners for a second time as they have loosened over the past month of use.
Great looking clock! No ticking which I LOVE!
After putting this together about 2 1/2 times it looks and holds up great. Looks like the ikea product almost so 5 stars there. If the manufacturer would put the letters on the boards that would save so much time and avoid some of the lower rates reviews. That w my only issue
Really cost effective and installation was a breeze. Not the fanciest wood look but they get the job done in our guest room.
perfect color and looks good.
I had to hire a man to assemble the thing and then it took him almost two hours to get all the nuts and bolts in and tight. Otherwise it is fine and sturdy.
Very nice. Lovely in the bathroom corner and doesn't look as messy as a regular 'tree' Plus the shelves hold baskets filled with towels and clay pots with my make up brushes and whatnot. Took some time to put together but was really easy to follow. I guess I would give it 5 stars if I thought the wood and basic design was a little more top of the line. But it's not going to lose function or get ruined by heavy use anyway.
I really loved this nice beds I bought 2 for a small bedroom and it fit perfect and very ez to put them together my 14 year old put them together and did not take to long do it I was so proud of him my little handyman 😇 and they came really nice and clean and no no bed bugs
Looks like the photo! The faux marble is a little on the ow side but otherwise its nice quality. The only issue i had was getting the decorative bars to all fit. I only attached one screw for two of them bc they were holding tight with one and i couldnt figure out how to get the others to match up. But all together it is exactly what i wanted!
First off packaging, the first thing we see. Standard box, everything inside is neatly packed and the clean up is amazingly easy, aside from the big ole box that is left, but what else would we expect right? :) Assembly, I followed the instructions and they were pretty straightforward. Bolts come with Loctite(blue agent on the threads that helps the bolt resist being backed out naturally) so the bolts do not need to be super tighted, only hand tightened plus your tightening them through a pretty tough plastic, I was able to hand tighten everything without anything cracking, so the quality of materials used seems decent. Really no issue with assembly if you follow instructions. As for use, I feel this is wear it is slightly lacking. On the positive side the cushions are extremely comfortable, from the arm rests to back, to base. Everything is pretty comfortable and don't feel stiff or rough. I love leaning back in my old computer chair and kicking my feet up on anything I can get a grip on and this chair is definitely great for leaning back and relaxing. What it is lacking in is more so sizing. For instance my personal preference is I wish the arms were extended a little bit further out as it feels like I need to tuck my arms against my side to get any use out of them, not a complete deal breaker though as the arms are comfortable, just not as long as I want. Also the back piece could be a bit taller as it goes to my shoulders, unless I recline, then I can rest my head on the top of the back rest, also not an deal breaker as I am an avid gamer and play most games in a forward focused pose. But those are my two critiques of the chair.
I really love this desk. It was exactly what I needed for my gaming computer. There were only 2 imperfections. While setting up the desk, the wrench that they gave us had 2 sides to it. The flat side for the desk legs was annoying because you could only turn it once at a time and the longer part of the wrench got in the way. So perhaps if they gave us another wrench with the flat side for the leg bolts would have been useful. Other than that it is really easy to set up. The thing that I did not like is there is a slight chip on the side of the table. It was probably from the seller because the box did not come damaged. I did not notice until I set up the desk, so I had to take a star off because of that. Overall it is a really nice and sturdy desk that I think will last a while.
So glad I bought this. Very good quality. Very comfortable.
Fits the bill in terms of what I needed which is a medium security solution to extra keys. Directions for mounting need to be updated to cover what is actually included. Used my own method of mounting as the supplied solution was not ideal. Turn knob feels a little cheap but so far it is working fine. Overall a nice solution at reasonable price.
The first couple of weeks the carpet sheds a lot. It does have a funny smell, more like dead dog. I bought it nearly a year ago and it still looks great.
I was a little nervous when the package arrived as it was a tiny box. After putting them together they will serve their purpose. They look cute I just wish they were a little bit taller! I did purchase two of these this one picture you can see on the edge I wasn't as happy with the black covering the edge shows a little too much of the wood underneath. But again for the price it works just fine!
Does exactly what it is suppose to do.
Very satisfied with the product
It is worth the money I paid for it. It's comfortable and I enjoy sitting on it.
I love the look of it! It's harder/sturdier than I expected so is not soft on the heels. Overall very pleased!
The shelf is nice. However, recieved no hardware or instructions for building the bookshelf. Had to find instructions online and track down hardware that would fit shelf. I did not find plugs for the holes but I don't think it is too noticeable.
These are beautiful and pretty sturdy, but one of them started peeling from the table top not long after I received them.
Made a sleep sofa that was impossible to sleep on usable. If the sofa had decent support, which it doesn't, it would be very comfortable.
This is the most comfortable mattress I've ever used. Not that hard, honestly, but for the price it's amazing. If I had had a place of reference, I would've gone with an option more plush. But compared to an old spring mattress it's night and day. The only real issues are that the mattress is wider than a twin, but not wide enough to be a full? This means my twin sheet doesn't fit. There's a good three and a half inches more than my box spring. From this, I've learned the mattress cover stains/discolors pretty quickly. Otherwise, it's a really nice mattress.
beautiful rug. there were some kinks, but they flattened out. thin padding on my hardwood floor, but its fine on carpet. bought one for ly kids playroom and one for the dining room.
Quality pretty good. Nice looking. Fits mattress great.
Smaller than I expected
This rug pad is a good value for the money. Product was as represented and advertised. I would order a thicker size next time--but that was my issue, I got what I ordered and recommend.
My lamps arrived today and I was very happy with how they looked. However, one of the lamps three way switch does not work. I tried two different 3 way bulbs and a regular bulb. Because the lamps came as a pair I decided it was not worth taking both apart and returning them. I will just use a regular bulb in the one and turn on with multiple clicks.
Great product! It is ikea quality but not as easy to assemble as ikea. Aside from that, it is a great little console table and for the price you really can't beat it! Looks cute in our entry (even better when it's not overloaded with stuff!) I was disappointed to find a chip in the laminate top after I had already assembled most of it, but it was not noticeable enough to return.
Looks just like his picture this bed is awesome it took me about an hour to put together
Was really pissed that it came with a quarter sized hole in the back of the seat, but I otherwise really enjoy the chair.
My son loves this, was extremely easy to put together less that 20 mins and is extremely durable it came with all the tools you need to assemble the bed and priced really well
Pretty solid candle that comes in a cute box that you could reuse. I'm a fan! The candle also comes with a coupon for your next purchase if you like it.
These look great and work great but they definitely don't stay in place like I had expected
Very happy, just wish it was a little longer, feet hang off when reclined
I like the chair but pillow is flat and the back don't stay up like in the picture
Item was shipped fast! Assembly was a breeze. With exception of the plastic covers that go at the bottom and top of the pole, this chair is super sturdy! The cover things are cheesey and one cracked easily during assembly. We elected to leave it out as a result. Would have given 5 stars if not for this part.
I was skeptical but my better half ordered two of these. We made use of the suggestions from other people who bought these and gave them a good review. Very sturdy. We put them together with the addition of gorilla glue on the pegs. We assembled them and let them sit overnight to let the adhesives dry and do their job. The cranky comments from people who didn't follow the instructions, moving the item right after assembly, not assembling them properly, etc. are tiresome. This is not heirloom furniture but it does the job if you put it together properly.
Very simple and cute! East 45 min set up. My mom wants one too! Says a lot!
Easy to hang, came with hardware to hang. Cheap “wood” material but I wasn't really thinking it would be heavy duty wood, anyway. Originally was going to use in bathroom but I ended up using it in our dining area to hide a phone outlet. I'm sure you could purchase your own hardware, which I actually did, but not necessary.
For the price I was really happy with the quality and sturdiness. Bought it for my husband and he really likes it to work from with his laptop.
The leg/foot rest is awfully flimsy. The major support for it is plastic, it should be metal like the back/seat bracket. I weigh 170 and there's a lot of give when I put my legs up on it. I'm afraid to actually use it, although the chair is said to hold up to 330 lbs.. I'm very skeptical. It does not move around as easily as they describe, the wheels are really stiff, but they are smooth, maybe they'll loosen up a bit. Overall, the chair is comfortable and I think I'm going to like it.
These are super easy to assemble and look nice. I added them to a built in project and they look great. You can make the doors left or right hand swing.
put together easily and for price works just fine.
Thick and quality as expected.
When opening the box, I saw there was a tear in the headboard so for that, I give it 4 stars. It should be packaged better than it was. But overall it looks amazing and it's sturdy so I would recommend this product
This is exactly the piece I needed, it's good quality and a fair price.
Exactly as described but you will definitely need a backing to prevent rug movement. I am very pleased with my purchase.
This is exactly what we wanted / needed for our kids storage and is a nice color, but its quite flimsy and soft especially the top section. You can't really put anything on top of it.
So far so good after a couple of weeks. This was a replacement for an older foam mattress topper. This new one does seem to sleep cooler than the old cheaper foam one. Of course it doesn't cool you down as others have commented on, but the gel seems to be better at reducing body heat than the standard foam. Its comfortable and the 2 inch size still allows you to get the sheets on easily. It also fits easily under our mattress cover. Good product as advertised. Product: Gel Memory Foam Mattress Topper, Queen Size 2 inch Thick.
Not a bad little peeler, fairly sharp, does the job.
Arrived quickly, wrapped in plastic - unfortunately one end of the plastic had been torn and left a black stain on edge of carpet. It looks like oil (black in color). I am going to try and get it off!
I love this chair however assembly was a bit of challenge. At one point I wanted to throw the chair through a window. Good directions in all but one of the holes not evenly milled. It is very important to not tighten everything until all the pieces are in place, especially the front cross piece. But after you get everything in place it tightens nicely and chair is secure. As other reviewers have stated this chair is lower than average but not a problem.
Super easy to put together, very low to the ground (which is what I wanted), only complaint is that it is a bit squeaky but I feel like most bed frames have that issue. Great product for the price.
Wasn't that bad to put together, just took a bit of time. One board did come without a few of the main holes drilled though. In the end it's a decent table and gets used quite a bit.
very comfy but somewhat noisy
Storage bin is nice and did the job in helping organize my laundry room. I mixed the solid color with a pattern bin so they wouldn't look too dull. Laundry room looks amazing all organized. Only con was the label holder on the bins were not straight, you can't see it much in the photo because the pic is taken at an angle.
Comfy & easy to assemble
This plan was worth the money. When my daughters murphy bed broke the company gave me the full purchase price refund as Amazon credit. The reason I gave it a 4 star rating is because the manufacturer offers a longer warranty if you purchase the murphy bed through them. Outside of that, at least I got the full value of the furniture minus the furniture plan price.
This is a nice product. I especially like the hanger where a shirt or coat can be hung neatly. I also liked the small shelf to put keys or other small objects.
I LOVED how easy it was to put this together. Usually my husband and I cannot be in the same room after we put furniture together this was a breeze. The only problem was that the king size frame was just a tad to small for the mattress so we just put the little part that doesn't fit at the head so it's not as noticable.
A little difficult and time consuming to put it together. The directions are less than desirable. Once you get it together though, it is a pretty nice Small island.
I love this buffet table some parts came damaged by Amazon fix the problem
Love this. Didn't like that it didn't come with actual instructions only pictures. Looks great in living room.
Love this bed- but what is that chemical smell? I hope it goes away- and is not toxic?!
Unlike many others I had no issue with the building of the product. Took about 2 hours. Couple pieces had what I would call distorted edges. Nothing a paint touch up pen couldn't fix. For that I gave it 4stars.
Bought this to replace the mattress in my popup camper. For that purpose it is perfect, however I would not want to use this as a standard mattress. Its ok, but a little to thin. You can also hardly notice 1 in a memory foam.
Very cheap! And tiny
It was horrible assembling it. We needed 3-4 people since it is made of glass and not too sturdy base. For what you pay for it, it is nice. BUT, This is not an expensive "piece" of furniture. So after assembling, the corners and doors do not meet up exactly which lets in little puffs of dog hair if you have any fur babies running around. This item needs to be cleaned 2-3 times per week.
For those of you who intend to order for a child. Note that it comes with a mattress cover however my grandson who is 4 had an accident and I washed the mattress cover and the zipper broke. I called to see if I could have another shipped to me and they said NO because the mattress should have had a cover on it. Well if its a COOL GEL would not a mattress cover not make it cool??? Well the customer service lady was I guess having a bad morning. I suggested that the company started selling the mattress covers this would have helped me. I was willing to pay for another. The mattress is comfy.
The things that attracted me to this piece of furniture were the price and how it would accommodate my very small area. I love it and would buy it again.
So far so good. The blue is not as bold as I thought but still very gorgeous. I notice in different lighting the blue can look different as well. Very soft fabric. I love that it's not microfiber. Easy to put together. Seats are firm. My old chairs you kind of just sink in. Which guests loved. The seats are not wide. The legs are wood and have little plastic feet. The feet are painted but chip immediately. I put little chair socks on them anyway as to not scuff my floor. I will update if anything goes left. Update: After having these chairs for a few weeks, I am probably not keeping them. Only because I wanted wider seats, and the chairs are VERY light in weight. Because of that it makes them seem un-sturdy even though they are. I also have advice for anyone in their first place, these chairs are perfect. Small, inexpensive, very nice looking well worth the purchase. I, personally, am looking for my forever chairs and I imagine them to be heavy, wide, sturdy, and lighter colored legs.
Wish the drawers were bigger
Looks just like the picture. Great colors and fits perfect on my small patio. When it rains however, it tends to hold on to a lot of moisture for a couple of days but otherwise, very happy with this rug.
Nice little rug. Holds to wood floors well
Very nice quality ottoman. For the price especially, I am very happy with my purchase. The only thing I will say is that there is a slight wobbling issue that bothers me slightly. That would be why I rated 4 stars only. However, if I were to put those soft little adhesive pads on each of the feet, I believe it might get rid of the wobble. Overall, I do recommend this product.
I put this in the basement for my dogs to practice agility on. Not as thick as another brand I have ordered but it is doing the job. It is holding up well.
Once I found the hidden cache of hardware it went together great feels solid and looks nice
It's perfect for my closet/mudroom. Didn't give it 5 stars because it had a dent on the metal piece where the hooks are. But overall I love it!
Very easy to put together, my only problem is that the mirror does not stay upright but folds halfway. But easy fix when I lean it against the wall.
Beautiful rug but the bottom does not adhere to the floor at all and it just flies around everywhere. But it's pretty!
I have a 75" Samsung sitting on the stand which is quite sturdy.
Other than the roll not being secured and therefore rolling away while I'm writing on it, it's perfect!
Bought as gift. So haven't really tried out anywhere. Seems to be ok
I like this headboard. It is very stylish. However, it really isn't gold but it has some gold brush strokes. I did have a BIG issue with this. I have a Cal King bed and this headboard was too wide and it did not meet up with the holes on my frame. So we've had to bolt it to the wall, which is ok with me.
This was a little heavy to move the pieces around but it was super easy to put together. There was one flaw, the little label with the brand name was on upside down which threw me for a loop for a few minutes. Other than that super straight forward photos for assembly. It is really sturdy and fits my Keurig on the top shelf which I was concerned about. The middle shelf is also adjustable so you can decide where you want that which is nice. We are using the hooks on the side to hand mugs and it seems sturdy. The locks on the front wheels work but you can obviously still drag it. I love it!
I Love Love Love this bed! Easy to put together and super sturdy! Only wish it wasnt so so low to the ground.
it is perfect for what i want, taking monthly pictures. it does lose the fur easily.
Very cute for the price? Easy to put together. Took me about 25 minutes. I was nervous as the price is cheap. Kind of wobbly but It's for decoration so I'm not worried about it! I also enjoy the height! Would buy again!
It is nice but the shelf doesn't extend our very far. Still a nice puece if furniture
I used this as a replacement for the motor on our lift chair. Fast shipping and great service.
I picked up this gaming chair because I needed something with neck/head support, and it works great for that. Overall, I'm a little disappointed in the construction, I've tightened everything up but it still feels like the wrong amount of pressure sometime is going to break the chair. What worries me especially is that the chair just sits on top of the vertical shaft, and that connection seems more wobbly than it should be to me. Besides that concern though, the chair is comfy and absolutely worth the asking price. It has exactly the features I want in a chair - armrests, neck/headrest, back tilt/lock, and height adjustment.
The fit is a little tight and I can't open the drawers when I'm sitting at the desk, other than that pretty good product.
For the price it's a great mattress. I didn't think it was to firm like others did. We received this on time and had a time getting it out the plastic and onto the box spring we already had. If people would have seen us trying lift the mattress onto the box mattress they would have been crying laughing at us cause we were laughing at ourselves. Overall you do have to let it out air out to let the factory smell dissipate we let it air out all day we didn't have more than that like others did so I sprayed it with disinfected spray to help speed it up. I still had the smell a little but not to the point were we couldn't stand it. It's comfortable and my BF likes it. It makes me a little hot so I find my cover off me a lot. The only thing that I don't like it is when you sit to put on my shoes the sides are not sturdy but that's the only compliant.
When I received the product, I was impressed by the packaging it was shipped in. Very low likelyhood that anything could get damaged in transit. All glass pieces arrived intact and all of the pieces were nicely labelled. However, when I went to assemble the unit you could tell that it wasn't very well manufactured. The screw stand-offs all were crooked to the rest of the pieces. When you screw everything together tightly however, you can't tell much that there's anything off. Since it looks as pictured, I'm rating it a 4 star. 5 star if the construction were a bit better.
The product looks great in my room, however it was a pain to unbox. The box was convoluted and it was difficult to get the chair out of it. Chair is very sturdy, and comfort is good.
Serve its purpose at great price.
Pretty comfortable and looks like the pic. The black is nice and velvety [if that's even a word] :) and it's nice and large..covers a nice amount of space in your living room. It feels durable when sitting on it. It's not Plushy soft but feels strong when you sit on it... but it's not uncomfortable, you just don't SINK into it, it holds you up. So, it seems like it will last a long time. You just feel like you have to be super careful as if anything spills or drops on it you'll have some real cleaning to do.
like them. not super heavy, nice touch to my front room. update, legs did need re-tightening. best for people under 200lbs.
The rugs are great and the lid cover fits my elongated bowl. The rug for in front of the toilet has an odd shape cutout that doesn't match my toilet, otherwise I would give this 5 stars. It could just be my situation. I'd buy them again anyway.
I am planning to build a PC and I thought that I will need a good desk for it. Decided to buy this one, the price is pleasing. FIrstly I though it will arrive with some damages, but thanks God there was only one desk slightly damaged which is not even visible. The only thing that I did not like so far was the assembling and a few defective parts. Even though there is an instruction it took from me 2 days for finishing it.
No problems with the chair, had it for a while now. Use it as an office chair when working from home and for gaming occasionally on XBox. Nice support and comfortable. Rolls easily. No complaints.
Arrived very quickly, very easy to set up, the slight smell disappeared within 2 days, very comfortable. Well worth the price.
It is a nice rug and I like it, but it has issues with sliding.
Very solid and quite heavy after putting it up. The whole process of assembling was not as hard as I expected. Am quite happy with the product.
Kinda stuff but cool to watch it puff up after opening it.
Happy with my purchase, easy to assemble, my kid loves it. Given 4 stars instead of five because one of the pre-drilled holes didn't allow for the screw to tighten. No matter how many times I turned it. Which makes one of the front foot pieces a little loose. I plan to use some glue on the dowel to help hold it in place.
Unable to get this item to fit over any chair with arms because of the "Z" legs. For example: the bottom of the "Z" hits my chairs when it gets near them. If you reverse the "Z" the top of the "Z" hits my chairs and stops it from going over the arms. But I use it anyway just sitting next to my chairs.
It took about 4 hrs to put it together. It worked best with an electric screw driver. Instructions were easy to figure out. Do not tighten the screws to much on the pull out drawer as it seems to come off track fairly easy. Looks really nice with my sleigh bed too. I would have given it five stars if the drawer wasn't so flimsy.
It's not too hard to assemble but some screw holes were worn down and it's not steady. I ordered white one but they sent me wood color. It would be more work to send it back and exchange it because my husband already assembled it but I'm pretty happy with the product.
Very nice money well spent love it
Nice office chair for the price paid. Went together pretty quick except for one bolt that really made it very awkward to get in. All works well and seems very comfortable to sit in for several hours at a time wiith no back pain. Time will tell how well it holds up.
Nice and soft but a little on the heavy side for Futon.
The covers for the exposed assembly screws are made of round vinyl stickers. A painted wooden button cover would look much better, as there are only 8 holes to cover. The vinyl stickers, over the screw holes, makes the table look cheap. The table should also have vinyl feet for the legs, to prevent splintering. I guess I will purchase the buttons and the feet on my own. Other than that, a good small sturdy table.
I do love this bag! The teens especially love it! It very big and roomy. The only downfall is it is very heavy and difficult to move and there is no way to wash it. So we have to be very careful that the dog doesn't try to get on it. Other than that, it's a great product and worth the money.
While it is not uncommon, most of the mattress advertising are misleading. The size definition is actually related to the bed frame and not the mattress itself. Nevertheless this mattress is a bit 1" to 1.5" smaller (length/width) than my bed frame. My previous one was about 0.5 to 1" shorter. I bought this one because the good reviews, low cost and because I didn't want to spend a fortune for a brand product. I also bought a 3" gel topper and an "encasement" protector. Honestly the feel is way more satisfactory than my previous one for 1/10 of the price. The packing job is fantastic. I still not sure how they managed to do such a good job rolling this mattress without demanding the springs. It was a great job indeed. PLEASE ONLY TAKE IT OUT FROM THE PLASTIC WHEN YOU GET IT ON THE TOP OF YOUR BED AND BE CAREFUL AS YOU REMOVE/CUT THE PLASTIC YOU WILL THANK ME LATER! I definitely recommend the product Also even if you have to replace either or both (mattress and topper) in 5 years, you will still be better off than buying a brand product for 10 times more money.
Decent pair of chairs for the price
Took a bit to assemble due to legs not being the same height. Stool is small and will creak when you sit on it, but feels sturdy once you do. The stool could have been wider and still fit under the counter. The stool's top is pretty and a nice contrast to the dark color of everything else. Mirror was a pain to install because it wouldn't stay put, and isn't the right height for me to do my hair, so I don't really use it. Adding lighting to it was too annoying. The top drawers are attached to the mirror via arms in the back and a wooden piece below, which isn't attached to the counter at all so is a slide hazard - there should be a way to latch the piece to the counter for safety. I would have preferred the mirror and top drawers to not be one piece, since I need the drawers more than I need the mirror, I have to disassemble the mirror + arms, which will be bulky to store. The top drawers are pretty small, I would have preferred them to be wider or even meet in the middle for more versatility. The bottom edge of the vanity where your legs will brush is unfinished and will snag whatever you're wearing. Mine was really dusty and I needed to assemble this with a mask on, you'll want to clean the bottom edge and maybe sand it a little to remove the snags. If the stool is too tall, you could use bedpost risers for the vanity itself or some other means of stable elevation. I've used this for a few weeks and realize that it's actually too small for me, but I needed it to fit the space available (width) more than I needed it to have more/wider drawers or depth.
Super cute, easy to pack up, and does the job well. My four year old loved it for our move. It made our empty house feel a bit more like home for her. My only complaint, is that she rolled to one side in her sleep and ended up flipping it on top of her. She was scared for a minute, but still loved the bed.
The bookshelf is beautiful & sturdy. However, we had to cut part "k" because it was an inch too long. Apparently the part was measured for the inside of the shelf instead of the outside where it was supposed to go. We had one other part that wasn't quite right, but we made it work. Overall, you can't beat the price for a really nice bookshelf.
Good product just shorter than I thought.
Well worth the price considering the prices of other rolling stools' price points. However, it's loud when rolled, which is slightly annoying for me since I use ir for my massage practice. That being said, I still plan on buying a second one.
Sooo... much better than a blow up mattress and it's comfortable!
I ordered eight of these shelves, and they all arrived really beat up. The packaging was falling apart and plastic pieces were falling out all over the place. I was concerned that the shelves were broken and was ready to return them all....UNTIL I saw a disclaimer they had printed on the outside of every box - The packaging may arrive beat up, but rest assured all the parts are still there. Please open the box, and assemble the shelf, and if you're missing any pieces, we're happy to send you free replacements. I figured, they must know their packaging sucks. So per their disclaimer, I took a chance, and hauled them all to my unit and away I went - opening each box, carefully keeping every single cardboard and plastic wrap, for fear that I'd have to return something. As I went through each box, I realized that all the plastic pieces I was finding all broken up and all over the ground were just the "protectors" between each shelf and corners of the boxes. They had nothing to do with the actual shelf! By the end of the day, I had every single shelf assembled, every piece of hardware and all! I'm very happy with the shelves, would buy again! I'm giving them four stars instead of five, because the packaging is so bad. I'm glad they had their disclaimer on the outside of the box, without that, I would've immediately turned around and returned them!
Nice piece of furniture, however the drawers are very small and it is much smaller than I expected.
Great price and does the job I needed it too arrived ahead of schedule and well packaged
Great, simple, easy to use, small but nice.
Great couches for the price. The delivery was easy and went well. They were slightly smaller than expect and are quite firm but I feel as though they should soften a bit with time. Super easy to assemble I was able to do it myself in about an hour.
It was easy to assemble and I like the look. I don't like that the horizontal bars cut short. I find that the shoes closest to the edge often fall off.
Very convenient folding side tables, I use them both inside and out. Good size, big enough for a plate and glass. But store them inside to make sure they don't rust or age prematurely from the elements.
Product came in with all the necessary pieces, assembly was easy and straightforward. Gets the job done for a small space that needs to be filled with a table.
Decent quality for the price. Solid wood and seem very sturdy. Fabric is very nice.
It looks great, but the “mattress” is horrid.
It really works very well.
It is simple to make and useful! But if you make other shape, some stuff is remained uselessly.
I like that it was easy to install. Had my bed put together by myself in 20mins. No hassle
not as sturdy as I would wish but good for the price
Easy assembly, good looks, and for the most part, well made. The only complaint I have is that after 4 - 5 hours at the bench, the seat is a little flat. Hard. Stone-like. Uncomfortable. Will purchase again, along with a appropriate cushion.
Slightly flimsy, but a good desk in my opinion. Wasn't terrible to put together, you just need a lot of space to maneuver around the desk.
Good value for this canopy. Was just the right vibe for my teenagers modern boho room
Very thin but pretty. Minimal warmth. I may use it as a wall hanging. Okay for price.
Very easy TV stand to put together. Pieces locked in together easily. Almost impossible to mess up as long as you follow the diagram. Pieces were all labeled well. Took me under an hour to put it all together. If you have 2 people it would be faster. Took off one star because as a previous reviewer mentioned, all the pieces seemed to be covered in some kind of dust. It wiped off easily, but kind of strange as I never experienced that before with other furniture. Also there were some light scratch marks, not really noticeable once the stand is put together. I bought the thicker .9 thickness stand, and am glad I did as it seems much more sturdier than standard particle board. Overall for the price, ease of assembly and quality, you can't go wrong with this stand.
It was very easy to assemble. As other reviewers have mentioned the desktop holes were out of whack a bit so one if the screws underneath wouldn't go in but it is still very stable. I should also mention I received the wrong color desk. I was expecting black legs and got white. But I contacted the seller and they fixed it for me right away and were very courteous and professional.
Nice, compact size with adequate storage. Sturdy. Took a little longer to put together than I expected. Instructions were mostly pictures. Overall, happy with this shelf unit.
Looks great. Very stable. Expect this to be a small project to assemble and an extra hand when hanging.
In my front entryway for people to sit and take care of shoes. It seems solid enough, and was super easy to put together. The fur is very white, I was hoping it would come closer to match a rug I have in the foyer. But good enough. My dog is a big fan of sitting on it!
Great product for the price!!
Very comfortable. Love the ability to adjust.
It's a nice chair. Or was. Until my wife's stupid cat turned it into a scratching post. If it had a slightly better cushion for my rear, I'd have given it 5 stars. Nice purchase, though.
Does not go quite low enough, but great quantity stool.
Overall I love This table but the underneath side of most chairs is peeling. I would have loved to send this back.
Desk came in good time and condition, EXTREMELY easy to put together. However, in the description it says the desk is black, it is not. The legs are black and the top is a dark brown color. I expected this because I had seen a review saying so, so I was OK with it. I've had it for about two weeks now and it's just what I wanted. Very happy.
Makes for better sound and easy mount. I like it. it holds the Google Mimi perfectly in place
Went together very easily. My son says it is very comfortable for gaming. Only downside is one arm is a little wobbly. It would not completely tighten, hence the 4 star review.
This product looks quite strong and useful. It's is exactly what I expected. I removed a star because the assembly instructions are not very clear. Hopefully, I may update this review after using the product for some time
Looks like picture. Took lots of time to unpackage.
The quality is just what you would expect for an $80 rug. I don't see this lasting more than a year but it looks nice.
It was a very fun and easy build, took about a half hour. I am 6'2 and I fit perfectly; the back and head support go a real long way. I have been able to stay comfortable for hours of gaming. Only draw back I have had is the arms are needing to be tightened constantly.
Bottom door is always a little crooked; could use stronger door hinges
Only a 4 because of the way the manufacturer sends it, the box was not appropriate for a very heavy chair to be shipped in...it was literally falling apart and thete was a scratch in the arm, but we could repair it. BUT on the upbeat note: the chair was easy to assemble, very comfortable and quality is great. My father says the footrest is pleasing as it doesn't cut into his legs.
The thickness of the pad makes the chair a little bulky, but the comfort level more than overcomes that. Very comfortable seat.
Exactly what I wanted. Could have used better mounting screws.
Very nice, but came with a broken slat. It's still functional
Comfy, exactly as described, exact size
for the money, not a bad item...looks as advertised.
Very nice looking unit. Easy to install and instructions were pretty good. The only issue I have is that the unit I got is black the caps inside the unit are dark brown. I know small issue but I wished they would have matched because the brown sticks out like a sore thumb.
I love this beanbag. It's so huge and comfortable. The only problem I have with it is putting it into the leather case that it comes with, I can never figure out which way it goes in.
I love everything about this headboard except the installation. Came in an approximate 12 inch by 5 foot box. The predrilled holes didnt all align perfectly. Some did, but others didn't. Had to take it apart twice and get a second set of hands to push together to help align the holes a bit better. It took about 3 hours to install (including the redoing twice!) And the wood is more like particle board (as you begin drilling that becomes more noticeable). But now that it is done, i love it!! It gives off a more expensive feel. Great buy for the price. A few notes... 1) It suggests laying on a carpet as you install. That is smart. You can see by my picture that the metal and wood did scratch from the tile floor. *sigh. I should be able to touch it up. 2) Also, they recommend using the foam that packages the product when installing the E and K boards to fill the space between the boards and the floor to prevent bending and possible breakage. I will tell you this, it helped with the power drill, having those boards level. So that was also a good suggestion in the instructions. 3)The stickers that labeled the boards (almost all boards have a sticker) peel off effortlessly. I wouldve given it 5 stars had the install been a little smoother. I really recommend 2 people.... 1 screwing and 1 pushing boards as tightly as possible together to line up. 4) Also, flashlight is probably needed. We used one to make sure holes were lines up. I do recommend this if you are looking for an affordable, higher end looking headboard. It does the trick! (Once you get past the install!)
Lightweight, sturdy and almost comfortable. Great buy!
Great quality and it looks really nice. Relatively easy to put together and it is nice and sturdy.
I purchased 4 chairs . They are very good quality and look more expensive than they were . They did take some time to put together as the screw hole didn't line up to good. It helps with 2 people. I'm. Wet happy with the chairs
Hard to get open. Was a good size and did meet my needs.
Easy to put together. Was missing a hole in one of them so I had to make it myself. Comfy. I would reccommend.
Not as sturdy as I would have liked but overall a great product. The drawer and tilt out door work well. Easy to use and clean, simple to put together.
Much nicer than Big Joe! Beans are more dense and do not compress easily.
Nice little table for my hallway. Not thrilled about the company label on the outside of the table top. The color matches perfectly to Target Windsor furniture.
I originally purchased two of these for my camper. They were great. They had no smell whatsoever and they expanded to about 5.5 inches. I decided to buy one more, this time for my kids room. This second time around the mattress has a bit of a smell. It's been two days and still a little smell is coming off of it. It hasn't expanded as much as the first two did either and is at about 4 inches. Overall it seems like it will be good but I'm not as impressed as I was with the first order. Solid 4 stars though.
Box sping seems sturdy, and was easy to put together. With that said though, the cover was so difficult to get on. The zipper actually ended up spliting when i pulled it around the last corner. But for the price and it being a relatively minor issue, i would still recommend.
Very nice, heavy tight joints, SOLID WOOD. Very well packed and easy assembly. Only small point is the stain is a little darker then portrayed. Slate trim is just very grey, not much color variation. I bought 3 pieces and the trim was pretty much the same, but for me it was not a negative. Called customer service and they were very responsive. Recommended.
2 Tier occasional console sofa table To start out going this table is shorter in length them most sofa tables yet is perfect if one doesn't have a lot room the home . I had chosen this table after doing a lot of searching and looking for a new console sofa table like this due to style an having a top and bottom shelve . As for the wood on this table it is a very good strong wood and the color being espresso is a perfect color . Putting this together was very easy to do and the instructions where very easy to follow for any adult . The screw covers are of a stick on which to match the table perfectly an once on one can not see them at all which is a nice plus . Had purchased this table due to redecorating the living an the table is very strong and sturdy even with items setting on both shelves .
The table itself is beautiful. Perfect size for smaller apartment or in front of love seat. Quality control is lacking. The screw holes in the legs didn't line up with the top. But, the seller tried every way to help. Eventually, I just had someone local redrill the hole, and now it works just fine. Like the look, getting it to go together was frustrating. Good seller, though.
Bed is soft but supportive. I sleep pretty well in it but it does seem to sleep a little warmer than I'd like. Overall a pretty good mattress for the price.
Great mattress for a great price. I can't believe we got them in 2 days.
Good buy but height miss leading in the picture they show
Works great and is very easy to assemble, screw the legs on and you are done. Very heavy when unpacking though
This pad was good. It has a softer upper side and bottom side that stays put. My problem is that the runner rug slips a little bit on top of the pad. Of course, walking on it a lot plus an active large dog probably doesn't help!
Aesthetically attractive but quite flimsy in comparison to the other Zinus headboard we purchased. No regrets and it definitley adds a nice pop to our bedroom.
A very nice cushion. Haven't used it much yet but will be trying it out more this weekend. So far I'm happy with it.
Like it and my granddaughter loves. Wished it had another rail in the back of the chairs. Small children could fall through
Good quality, comfortable, good price
Drawer set up is a bit wonky, not very smooth, but can't beat it for the price
I've had a few sets of bunk beds for my twins. By far this one has been their favorite. It's very compact and leaves a lot more room in their room. I got the Black and it's in great shape. I will say this took my husband a few hours to put together. Lots of parts!! The ladder going up was my only issue. The metal hurts my daughter's feet climbing up/down. I tried a few different things to make it better and then I found my saving grace. A mega pool noodle!! Not just an ordinary one, mega. I cut one precisely and was able to get it perfect! Now she can climb up and down with out it hurting her feet!
I love the rug pad but do not appreciate the false updates sent by Amazon. I was notified that product had been delivered but I had to go searching through my yard and neighbors. Next morning I get a notification that product was out for delivery again.
It worth the money, but the only thing is the smell is too strong, I have been leave all the windows open for few days now, but still very strong, I don't wanna get sick, but it gives me headaches!
Nice design but assembly is difficult. Had to replace screws with better quality ones.
Easy to put together, I did it myself in less than 2 hours. I wish there was a space under the desk for a keyboard or at least a drawer. It's great for my sons bedroom.
Smaller than expected but looks good.
This rug is a little thin and does like to slide a little if you dont have it anchored down by furniture. The edges tend to curl a little if you dont have those anchored down for a couple days as well. Other than that I really like the rug and the color is beautiful.
It works just fine with a pretty heavy old style 43 inches tv...looks a little bit tiny for a big tv but does the job
Nice chair for the money. Little narrow but we are small so worked out fine.
It's everything it says it is.... Works perfect for us!!!!
I bought this at the beginning of August. It's a nice looking stand and perfect for holding our components under our TV which is mounted on the wall. Unfortunately, both wood pieces arrived with multiple scratches and dings in them. Seller wouldn't reship just the wood, so I had to buy another whole unit just to get new wood pieces. The wood pieces seemed to be well packaged in the first box, but I was obviously paying more attention to that when the second one arrived. They were both wrapped in a padded sleeve and well secured in the box. The problem is that the padding isn't thick enough on the bottom side and since everything else in the box is rigid, the wood was being damaged through the padded sleeves. And, just to add insult to injury, since they package the wood pieces front side down, that's the only side that gets damaged; the back sides are unblemished. There were still scratches and nicks in the second set, but they were in better shape than the first ones, so I swapped those out and will return the second unit with the first set of wood pieces. One other note is that the unit is seemingly much deeper than necessary for most components, so it sticks out farther from the wall than I'd like, but that's not a big deal.
The table got delivered yesterday & I put it together when I got home last night. If you have any experience putting together this type of furniture, this will not be that hard for you..I think it took maybe an hour total. The only issue I had was that I put the lift mechanism on backwards, so once I flipped it around, everything worked great!
This bed is wonderful! It is VERY sturdy, and if on carpet, there is virtually no squeaking. My son loves this bed! The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because the desk was beaten up pretty badly. We filled it in with black marker and it's hardly noticeable now, but the damage is definitely there in multiple spots.
It is very thin and lightweight. The underside is a cheap mat but the rug itself is REALLY soft. The price is honestly really good for how nice it feels.
The screws to attach the back to the seat took a torque wrench to get in; other than that it's a great chair for it's price category.
The bed is great but the post are not very sturdy. One side is bend but maybe is because my kids were hanging from it overall great product and easy to install within 30 minutes.
Not able to sit upright in chair. Recline only.
This product was exactly what I thought it would be. Easy assembly. Looks good and is functional as expected.
Easy to assembly I did it 8 months pregnant, comfy and sturdy. Couldnt put it in the nursery tho the velco would rip everytime we sat in it. So loud and wasnt good for bedtime.
Not so easy to assemble. Not sturdy. Was a little smaller than expected.
I had ordered this rug as a for a beside the bed accent rug. The colors are very pretty and go well with my decor style of my bedroom. The rug itself is very soft and easy to clean. It is delivered rolled up so you will need to flatten it before use. That is very easily done and doesn't take much time. I recommend this rug.
Good for a houseful of folding chairs.
Beautiful, sleek, and easy to assemble. However, shipping is not cared for and it will arrive with chipped pieces and unfixable scratches that will lessen its aesthetic qualities.
Decent shape for the prices. Sturdy. Arrived with a few scratches but otherwise would give 5 stars.
Looks decent for inexpensive table
Can you tell me what color you got me? I am not sure weather I am color blind. I was hoping it brown ,not dark gray or black.
I have 8 of these. Different colors. My one complaint is cleaning in the trim. Shitty design in that aspect. But they are comfy and cool looking
This lift chair came right on time, as expected. It was very easy to assemble. I am having surgery and I have to sleep sitting up for a few weeks. It fits me fine and is very comfortable. I had one problem, that was taken care of by Amazon. There were some flaws in the fabric and they credited back some of my money.
I ordered two of these small multi-color rugs to help protect the floors as people come inside the cabin. I was hoping for a few dashes of bright colors. While I think they are very nice quality for the price I am a little disappointed that they aren't bright rugs. One rug is mostly brown and black with a bit of red, aqua, white, and lavender. The other is lighter with shades of blue, white, brown, and a little peach. Overall, I am pleased even though they aren't as colorful as I had hoped. I will post a picture shortly.
1 broken piece but over all nice little cart a lot smaller then I thought it would be!!
Love the heater-fireplace there was some damage from shipping but i was able to hide it
I love the colors...thin rug but looks great in my larger bath....dries easy if it gets wet...only problem I had was some of the loops came undone in 2 areas....about 4 in each area...I repaired by putting drop of fast drying clear glue down in pile around loose one...cut off loose end....hopefully that is the end of that story....it stays mostly in area...has a background that reinforces it. We didnt wear any shoes etc that would have caught one loops and pulled them out....
Will need to weigh the ends down as they will be curled. Colors are as shown. Carpet is thin. Will need a carpet grabber of some sort. I bought this to see if I wanted to buy this in a larger size area rug. I will not be using this for what I bought it for. I am using it in a coat closet.
I'm happy with this product for what I need it for - temporary desk. If I had the option I would have gotten an IKEA product. The reviews were helpful, mine came with multiple blemishes, the box was slightly torn, it's not the most sturdy desk... Once you put it together, I wouldn't recommend taking it apart, I doubt it'll hold, although I haven't tried that yet. For ~$100 this is good enough. So far it's getting the job done. If it lasts over a year, I'll be shocked. Don't expect to be passing it down as a family heirloom. Update - use coasters! Lol. I have new marks everywhere.
The silver rounds that hold the top and bottom glass piece are very cheap. Once piece broke off on its own before I even fully assembled it, but I can always just super glue it back on, other than that I love this table.
Nice weight, and I like the rug, but the ivory is beige and the red color in it is rusty. I'm not sure why this rug is called ivory, and if you need true ivory, this rug is too dark!
Bought it for my son. In the middle of moving so he has to sleep on the tile floor. Got this for him. Says it's really good.
The mattress is great. However, there's a peice of hair in the packing. Please see attached picture.
Really like the table! The distressed wood is heavy duty rustic style. Love it because there's no worrying about roughing it up. The more use it gets the more it looks distressed. The legs come in several different pieces that are fairly easy to assemble, although the holes for the screws were drilled a bit off. Giving four stars because the legs are a kinda cheap metal. Do like that there's ample foot rest though. For the price and the beautiful wood it's totally worth it. Would definitely recomend! Looks awesome with the counter height chairs we got on sale at target too.
This dresser was a tad difficult to put together. I also had to order some missing parts from South Shore that didn't come with the dresser. They were very helpful and sent the parts three days later. All in all, it's a good dresser.
This product is not bad. I like it very much. It's of good quality.
Good article ! I am saying that after more then a year of use ... recommend it
This was exactly what I was looking and what I expected it would be liked based off of previous reviews. I needed a towel rack near the shower and had no place to hang one. I wanted a standing rack that did not take up much space and this one fits perfectly. I knocked it down one star because it is not very sturdy and is not level to the floor. Maybe my floor is not level...lol. Plus, two regular towels will fit but takes some time squeezing them both in and they touch once in place (see pictures).
Nice design and easy to put together. Slightly wobbly.
Great buy. Sturdy and was very easy to put together. I rated only 4 stars due to the packaging. The bed did get scuffed during UPS transport, so I would recommend to the company to add a little more padding for protection.
Seems to be good quality.
We love the fact that this bed arrived very quickly, two days before estimated delivery date. The Box weighs about 90 lb so if your frail or small make certain to have someone to help you move the box where it needs to be. The bed was easy to assemble and came with all parts needed, including hardware. The only downside was my fault as I was using the incorrect screws because two sets of screws have same height and looked similar in the manual. Please note that the screws are different widths. Don't waste time like I did LOL use the manual and follow it to a T. Even with my mess up it still came out great. You would definitely need two people to help hold pieces in place while you screw in and use the allen key to secure. Some pieces will require you to keep the screws loose so don't fully tighten until you're certain you're done with that part. Other than that the bed is super sturdy and it will take you a couple of hours to assemble with help, maybe 3 without help. Also if you are trying to fit a desk under here you won't be able to as it's very low. I'm 5'4 and had to stoop half my height to get under the bed. Anywho buy this you won't regret it. Thanks Amazon you never fail me lol.
The mattress is very comfortable for a great price and sets up easily. I accidentally ordered 4 instead of 2 and it has been really time consuming stopping the mistake order and getting reimbursed.
Good value for the money, it is a little cheaply built but basically will be used as decoration not actually for sitting. This isn't a chair you would want for daily sitting use. I don't think the durability of the fabric would hold up.
I wish the lights are more brighter, but all and all i love it
Definitely have a rubber mallet handy because some pieces don't fit in as easily as maybe they should. Other than that, my bf and I didn't have too much trouble putting it together in an hour or two. It definitely has some sway to it, but my son loves it entirely. I'm pleased with this purchase.
It doesn't do well on apartment floors with any variation in level in the floor. My tv seemed to se crooked...
Love it so far! Wish I would've payed attention to how long, wish it was a bit longer. Not their fault, mine!
Super easy to put together just had to put the backs on them. They seem really sturdy . One of them came a little scratched up though.
I bought these for the bar area in my kitchen, they're a good height and adjustable for the table in my dining room. I've had them for about a year now, they've held up to a high-traffic home with people of all sizes coming and going. As long as you're not throwing yourself around or trying to break them and if you assembled them correctly these are great. The back isn't a good height for slouching, so don't plan on sitting back in these. The back rest is a good height for short meals, working from home, and crosswords.
Did what I wanted. Just noisy when to flip up foot extension
This bed is amazing. Only one problem so far - the bottom part that holds the battery broke out from the rubber that was keeping it together. Now we can't use the bottom massage feature. It also leaves black residue because of that. But I do love this bed.
they are on the small side, but they are ok.
Beautiful when fully installed. I would have given 5 stars but it is a bit complicated to put together and install, I would not say the directions provided are overly helpful. It took my husband and I a lot of patience, spatial awareness, and teamwork.
Sleek modern design as a desk/study table.
very comfortable for bunk beds
The rug is shiny. I though it was going to be more dull. I still love it! It's very beautiful.
I got this for my keurig. Looks great just wish the breaks on the wheels actually worked since I have kids and they bump into it and move everything. Other than that a good product.
the color is excellent, the shape is great, it looks well made but when you sit it's a bit stiff.
Easy to put together and looks nice enough. I like having the cabinets plus open spots for DVD player, Wii, etc.
This is a very comfortable seat. This is the second I have ordered; one for my car and one for my sewing room.
At first I received the incorrect scent, but the seller quickly sent the correct scent without an issue. I'm not overly fond of the smell of jasmine, but it was a gift for someone who specifically asked for jasmine. It is boxed up beautifully and makes an impressive gift.
A lot smaller but nice
Nice little cabinet for computer I recommend
Easy to assemble, looks very nice when it was assembled and it is very sturdy. Exceeded expectations.
Good organizer for outgoing mail.
For the money this is one of the best built gaming chairs I've come across. Materials are high quality and the assembly is easy and straight forward if you've ever put a chair together before. One complaint I've seen is that the arm rest are too firm. Unless you consistently keep the points of your elbows on the armrest they are fine. The lumbar support is a great feature to have and more chairs should include this. The seat does use firm foam but if you are sitting for extended periods of time this is something you will come to appreciate. It does break in slightly over time but don't expect it to be a night and day difference from day 1. Overall I expect this will be a chair that holds up very well and will last. The included pillows are a nice feature, I find myself using the headrest pillow on a regular basis. The lumbar pillow though I only use when reclining to help fill the gap at the base of my back. While reclining I should add that the chair is solid and I've never felt like it was going to tip over. The ability to lock the tilt mechanism while tilted back in something I wish my other chairs would've had. One thing I hope that is changed in future iterations would be the ability to move the built in lumbar support higher or lower depending on your height. I'm 6'2 200lbs and the chairs fits perfectly but I can see how a taller or shorter person might have issues with the lumbar location. Lastly I did switch out the wheels for larger roller blade style wheel to allow the chair to roll easier on carpet. The included casters are nice and higher quality than most but will still struggle to roll on thicker carpet. I thought I was going to regret spending over $400 on a gaming chair but I wish I would've bought this chair a long time ago, could've saved my fell some back ache.
Great packaging. I put this together in about an hour and a half with the help of a 6 year old :) So far I am happy with it. It fit together easily and seems sturdy.
I wanted the rack to fit in little space in my kitchen where I can store extra cooking utensils and pantry. This was light weight, easy to assemble and cheaper in comparison to similar product. Only improvements will be eradicating bunch of plastics caps that came as a shipping protector.
Easy to put together, and I liked that an extra screw was included. Seems stable enough, but I haven't pulled a pair of boots off yet. Made my closet more organized which I like.
What I disliked was the packaging. I am tired of getting products that are stuffed with styrofoam, as it can't be recycled and there is so much it fills up our garbage can. I wish Amazon would require sellers to use cardboard for stuffing so that it can be broken down and recycled.
I thought it came assembled but I was wrong. It was hard to put together but felt very accomplished after :)
Works exactly for what we wanted it to! I was a little annoyed that the top of the stand has a line where the wood is placed together but it's not super noticeable unless you're looking for it. All in all it's a good tv stand!
Its great, kinda scratches easily but buffs out and the shelves fall if you're not careful. But otherwise looks great!
This item was delivered earlier then promised. The assembly and instruction were good. My only complaint would be that the stickers that cover the screw holes peeled off rather quickly from the wood. Last I would like to compliment the seller! One of the knobs for the drawer was defective. I emailed them and received a replacement within 1 week. After this response I would totally buy from them and recommend them.
One dislike, one front panels arrived broken
If you don't mind spending a couple hours putting it together it's a very nice well built dresser, I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the assembly
This desk is great for my 11 year old daughter. She has plenty of room to do her homework. She is also using it as a vanity. We only had two issues with the desk. 1st the shelf across the top come off easily, it is only held on by a few pegs. We will probably glue the pegs and maybe put a bracket to hold it on. 2nd the drawer slot where the bottom slides in wasn't cut straight. So we had to router a new slot so it was straight.
A solid four stars. Nice cart for the price. Top is very solid. No adjustment on the doors so the gap between them was a little off. Felt or rubber pads might be nice for the drawers/doors too. Lots of pieces so assembly takes some time but the hardware is nicer than much of the inexpensive box furniture on the market.
Was very easy to put together! Only had to screw legs on! For the price it's a really great deal!
The cabinet is very nice looking and a great price. It was short 4 screws but I was able to fill out a form online and get more shipped to me for free from the Winsome. Surprisingly, it didn't take long at all.
This desk is unbeatable for the money. It's not perfect, but for under $200 I have no complaints worth mentioning.
Perfect for my kids.
I was skeptical about ordering this, but thought anything had to be better than what we had. We got it out of the box and into the camper. We have not slept on it yet. But we have laid on it for couple minutes and so far I am super impressed. I am debating on replacing our bunk beds as well. Well worth the money. Only reason I'm rating it 4 stars is because we have not slept a night on it yet.
I just got this in the mail today! So might update after a while! So only thing I didn't really like was the packaging. Right out of the box, it was little bit messy. Seemed like all the parts were perhaps maybe once used and then put back in and I the instructions seemed to just placed in as an almost after thought. It was kind of confusing to put things together and the instruction wasn't so great. But, there are only like 4? parts total to do. So, once you establish which goes where, the set-up was quick and painless. I knew the material was going to be cardboard box and given how cheap this is I had very low expectation. But I absolutely love it! I'm 5'3 and I bought small and it fits perfectly on my desk and seems like made for my height. I use macbook 15inch and fits perfectly at top. My favorite part about this is the place to put my external keyboards. I think it would be really difficult to use this without some sort of a keyboard separate from your laptop.... I have pretty much sedentary work life (graphic design/video editing), so this is really great way to get me off my feet during the day! Before at work I've used super fancy desk that you can control the height... but honestly for the price point this is equally or if not better! Good buy! Might get another one for my second monitor.
Use these for my 6 month old. They're great. The only thing is they tend to come apart but overall we enjoy
The pad is very comfortable. Unfortunately it continues to produce a strong odor even after several weeks.
These chairs are the perfect size and look for our living room, but are pretty stiff. Hoping they break in with use. We intend to use these for extra seating when friends and family are in town so they're not “everyday” type chairs. And for the price they were a great purchase.
I've only had it for about a week now and I could tell ya that its very firm. It's not so comfortable that it's a great bargain and it does make some sounds as I shift while watching TV. I'm not 100% happy with my purchase but don't hate it enough to return it. I gave it four stars because it does the job, looks good, and is easy to build.
Awesome chairs! I previously bought another set from a different brand on Amazon and they essentially both fell apart. These chairs are as sturdy and beautiful as everyone claims. Just take a look at my first pic. The reason for the four stars is that one seems to have been damaged in shipping (second pic). I just contacted the seller through amazon and will await a response. I will update this review once in hear back from them. Overall happy with the purchase.
Serves its purpose and is better than paying $400+ for a set. Attractive item just not as sturdy or even balanced as I would have liked. One chair leans just a bit when you aren't sitting in it but is just fine while in use.
could be better quality material for the price
Very happy with the quality and comfort! The only down side is the weight and size for traveling/carrying. Being comfortable during games will be worth the hassle...I hope!
Nice accent rug for my family room. My home decor is red so I needed an accent rug to bring it all together. Very little to no sheddy from this rug. Very soft.
Sofa is great!! Just want cushions to remove
Not easy to put together! This is a beautiful cart/stand, and it's exactly what I wanted. But - there are no instructions - only pictures. I can usually put things together (by myself) without even looking at the pictures, but this has so many pieces, that look alike, that we were constantly looking at the photo and trying to figure out the difference in the pieces. Some things were very obvious. Other things more confusing than you might imagine. I gave it 4 stars because it is beautiful, and it is exactly what I wanted. I'm hoping the problem with my unit was just a fluke, and that most units are perfect after assembly. But it took two people, over two hours, to put it together. On top of that, the roller tracks for the drawer, were not installed straight, and the screws (already installed prior to shipping) were half in, so the drawer wouldn't go into the track. We had to grind down the heads on the screws and straighten the side that was crooked, and the drawer still doesn't open easily. I can't just reach down and open the drawer to get a file. It takes both hands to get the drawer out. I'm honestly not sure I'll be able to use the drawer. At this price, I expected it to be perfect. I am honestly disappointed, because it is exactly what I wanted - if only it was functional. It fits both my printers, and it would eliminate the file cabinet I've been using, so you get so much function in a small space. I wish it worked like it was supposed to. I can't even think of returning it. Not going to take it apart to ship and return, after all this work. I think it's worth the chance - and hope you have better luck. It is a beautiful piece of furniture, sturdy, and holds my laser printer on top, and a flat HP printer on the bottom shelf. The pull out tray is a good work space.
Good size pads, comfortable foam, secure straps. But the pads lose their shape instantaneously.
This topper is perfect for the price. Good quality and cloud-like. It adds a nice soft layer of comfort onto our extra-firm memory foam mattress. Would recommend.
Very nice but took me 4 hours to assemble wasn't easy how I regret that I didn't choice with assemble service lesson learned but well made product for what it cost..
direction could be better but fits well for what I wanted
I found the construction instructions not so user friendly. Once constructed the door do not open wide enough.
We had a part on this chair break at about 6 months after purchase. We contacted the seller. It took them over 2 days to respond, which was a little frustrating. But once they did respond they immediately sent out a replacement part and the chair is as good as new. I would recommend this chair and this seller.
Perfect fit summer nights where u just went to leave the window open and no mosquitoes biting at you
It's not as "solid" as I thought it would be but I do love this shelf!
Wine shelf brackets were the wrong size they are too small or the holes were too large. Have to go buy new ones at Lowe's. However it's really sturdy and great. Hides all 20+ bottles of liquor I have
I bought it as a gift along with a desk for my grandkids. They love the chair although they're a little light in the past; not enough weight to lower the seat...
The chair is surprisingly comfortable, and it looks great
The stand is kinda low to the ground for my taste, which isnt a dealbreaker for me its a little bit smaller than i anticipated but it holds up my 65 inch T.V with no problem at all. Very stable construction. Will update with pictures later. Picture of this stand supporting my 65"
Smells funny, but looks good!
Got what I paid for a medium duty shelf. My Wife got it together in 10 minutes not bad.
For the cost, its a good desk. I didn't realize that all the attachments wouldn't be used hardly.. i found myself taking most of the stuff off and just leaving the headset hanger. The carbon fiber styling on the top is pretty neat and the desk fits me underneath at 6'4"
It's a nice table for the price. I had no real problems putting it together and it works perfectly in my living room. I would recommend this product.
Very good deal for the price......BUT it definitely isn't a true grey. It is more of a khaki grey. Good quality. IF it wouldn't be such a pain to take it apart and send it back I would, but only because of the color. Otherwise, it's great quality.
I have a lot of small appliances and odd storage ware and this helps hide them.
Chrome is cheap on the bar stool, my back rest has the Harley Davidson script and it is not straight its at an angle so mine went to the garage and not the kitchen area were I wanted it to go. Cheap for the money and I have tons of Harley stuff and this is not the best by far.
earlier delivery than expected
The film works great, can't see in or out but the light still gets through. I'm using it to diffuse LED strips that I have around the window. Looks great. Only complaint I have is the edges don't seem to stick completely.
The chairs are nice, will not be good for heavy people 200lbs or more. Not strong enough. Two of the screws did not line up, had to buy new screws which are longer.
Nice product. Good build instructions. A couple areas that were not finished completely (no stain and/or minor blemishes); otherwise I would have rated a 5.
Couple of the boards were scratched but thats it
Good product. A little bit narrow for each panel that I expected. But overall speaking, I am happy, and it fits all my need.
Nice and sturdy. Not wood but looks good.
This rug is very nice! Rolled out fairly flat and looked really nice after vacuuming it. Very happy with the color and the new smell is very faint. Will likely purchase a pad to go underneath as it slides on my hardwoods and would like a bit more cushion. Otherwise very happy!
This is a comfortable glider and reasonably easy to assemble. Only problem was holes did not align on one side when mounting seat to frame. Took a little persuasion to make it fit.
Very well manufactured and easy to put together.
Good quality for price, looks nice and didn't take long to put together. Works well for small bathroom
Looks nice as I expected, I had it put together by someone else when I wasn't home, it's a little smaller than I expected especially from the cushions towards your knees when sitting and I'm only 5' 3" and it is very very firm which I read in the reviews, so firm I can set a glass if wine on it like a table even when I'm sitting on it, see pic! But that makes it very easy to vacuum and my two cats don't seem interested in scratching on it like they do leather and the price is right! I purchased brown and it's a nice neutral dark brown.
I'm in so much pain. I just hope I can find a way to return this mattress. My husband seems pretty impartial to it, but it is much too firm for my liking.. I really hope I can find a way to return it. I got the 12” thrive wonder, and my sciatica has never been worse... I have been crying all day. I don't know what to do. I gave this product 4 stars because even though I feel the description wasn't accurate as far as firmness goes, it does seem pretty high quality. But maybe go with the softer advertised one if you can't handle a incredibly firm bed.. this one has no give. The smell is still there after 3 days, but it's honestly not too bad. Just smells super new- could be worse. Comes with a pair of pillows that are very short but actually kind of neat. Would make good pillows for decoration with nice covers. This bed seems nice, but just won't work for me. :( I just hope the company will work with me on a refund or maybe just send me their softer mattress to replace. I'm so desperate to not be in pain right now... will update with what happens!
Really love it...soft and a comfortable sleep. Does slip alittle and my sheets slide around too ...maybe it's the sheets! Very easy to order and timeliness of receipt was perfect!
Sturdy and nicely padded seat. Doesn't slide around on a bleacher and has decent back support. It is good if the bleachers aren't very full but if they are, it takes up quite a bit of space and makes it tough for the people behind me to see the event.
A bit small than I expected, but overall it is a cute figure.
Beautiful set BUT the chairs tip over too easily. Not exactly safe for a toddler to use. I contacted the store to see if I can exchange for chairs without arms and they still have not gotten back to me.
They went on easy, look fine, and seem to roll reasonably well. The bearing seem to have just a touch of resistance, which you want to keep the chair from scooting all over the place. The only negative is I didn't realize that the wheels themselves are not grey, just an inner rim that the clear rubber picks up. They look ok, but I visualized them a little differently. From the sides they do look grey, but from the front or back have the slight yellow of polyurethane.
I like the non-slip bottom the best. The cushion part itself is too soft I've only used it once so it is too soon to give a valid opinion. A suggestion is to add a strap that the user can tie around their waist when sitting on an airplane or other public transportation so the cushion doesn't get forgotten behind. I've already left 2 cushions behind, and on my third one now.
my daughter loves her blanket. A decent size blanket. It is not a thick blanket, actually pretty thin. It seems to be decent quality, can't say it seems like great quality, but time will tell.
Overall a decent bookshelf for the price. Pros: Slim and fits snugly against the wall with a cutout for baseboard Easy assembly (I did on my own) Easy for our toddler to see and select books Overall looks nice and fits in well with our decor Cons: If you are looking closely there are some defects in the craftsmanship of the bookshelf, uneven cuts, dowels not quite straight, but not noticeable unless you are looking closely. Would have been nice and probably more sturdy to have glued in the dowels. One of the screws had no hole to screw it in so I had to find a replacement
Impressive. I don't get impressed often. This is what you'd expect for the price. Easy assembly. Be careful when assembling the lower shelf, it's easy to scratch the leg finish as you put in place and set the screws. The finish is smooth, nice. Finish Oder when opening, watch out for that.
A great rug especially for the price - very soft on your feet
Worth every dollar spent, I use this in my garden and in my kitchen. It's very durable and folds up small enough for easy storage. I'm short so the extra height definitely helps!
Wonderful. Shipping from Amazon could be better.
The cabinet exceeded my expectations. It looks a lot nicer and sturdier than I thought it would be. It came in a large, very heavy box. The UPS driver left it at our doorstep. The box was so heavy that I couldn't drag it inside. So, I cut the box open and removed the individual parts and brought them inside. Although there was some slight damage to the exterior of the box, all the inside contents were intact without any scratches or blemishes. Nothing was missing. I and my 13 years old grand daughter were able to assemble it in about 3 hours. The instructions weren't very good, but it wasn't too hard for me to figure out how everything goes together, because I have previously assembled similar cabinets. The cabinet looks gorgeous in my kitchen. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a budget curio cabinet.
I got this for my daughters room and it is very cute! It's low to the ground so I wouldn't recommend for big adult but perfect for girls room.
Best runner I have ever purchased. Very good quality!
Exactly what I wanted
Awesome! awesome awesome awesome. Nicely painted, its nifty the way it folds up and it rolls great! Does not feel cheap at all and it actually handles the weight of pantry canned foods when I reorganized things. I look forward to utilizing this some more in my home.
This mattress pad covers the mattress completely and fits pretty good! It is also very soft and durable. I give it 5 from 5 star)
Looks nice, sturdy, easy to put together.
Really well made and attractive
First for the pros of my product. The respawn 110 is an amazing chair, really comfortable, love the fact it fully reclines with an leg rest, comfortable after hours of gaming, over all great product. Now for the cons of the product. Inconvenient to pull out the leg rest, you cant adjust the arm rest while laying back, needs better lumbar support while sitting in an upright position for a extended period of time. My conclusion of the product is a great buy for any gamer, or just to have as an office chair.
Very sturdy! I was so surprised at the high quality of these. They don't wobble, slip, or bend.
Love this mattress. I did a lot of research before purchasing and really wanted an Avocado Green mattress but it was just a little too expensive so bought this instead. This mattress is a great value and so comfortable. It did take a night or two to get used to the feel but after that were couldn't be happier!
Great price and just what I needed for my garage!!
A beautiful piece of furniture. It took a lot of tweaking to get the drawers to slide in nicely, but we still love it. It's sturdy and holds so much in each drawer!
I purchased this coat stand for the bedroom. My husband likes to hang his clothes on the closet door at night and it was starting to wear down the paint on the door. We had a small corner and I didn't want to purchase a men's wardrobe as it might have been too large for the space. This coat stand worked perfectly. It's sturdy to hold clothes on one or all sides with tipping. It looks like a night piece of furniture in the bedroom. I would highly recommend.
Bought this in King size. When I opened the box I questioned my choice. It looked like there were a thousand pieces and we would be all night putting it together. SURPRISE!! it took about 45 minutes at the most and that was because my boyfriend insisted on helping. Without him, maybe 20-30 LOL. It was that easy. I was stunned by how strong the bed was. We are both over 300 lbs. and it didn't even creak. We thought we needed a new mattress. Turns out we needed the platform on this bed. I would give this bed a 10 if I could. I will follow up on how it holds up to our weight for other plus size folks looking for a good bed, but for now, it's a 10 for me.
Really neat table. Just the right size for what we needed.
LOVE IT! fantastic style, easy to put together and long term abuse from 3 year old shows the strength of the finish. Very happy with this purchase, internal storage is fantastic and I would buy again.
The set is beautiful and sturdy. Very comfortable seating and the blue color is pretty. There is a lot of nuts and screws involved in the assembly. We used a power tool to assemble. We had no trouble putting the pieces together. It took us two hours to get it altogether, when done it will have been all worth it.
They look a bit different than the originals off of our 2002 model chair but they have the same build quality. I like the replacement arm rest looks better than the originals.
Totally worth the money. I love them
It's ok it' not too big ,so I don't have too much space, for me it's perfect
I love the beauty, storage, just everything about this product. It's very classy looking and appears to have been a lot more expensive than what I paid and the shelves hold so much weight. I'm very very happy with this purchase and highly recommend it to anyone looking for an over the toilet storage unit, you won't be sorry.
It took 2 of us to put it together but great deal
I liked everything about this ottoman! Not even a minute to assemble. It matches our sofa set like it came with it. Lot of storage room for any kind of things. 2 adults can sit. My son jumps on it. Totally worth it!
Looks great! Not too bad to put together. It is tall and therefore a little unstable.
I am so hesitant to buy a rug on line. This rug looks so good in our rustic, cabin dining room. Would by it again. Wears well and easy to vaccum.
Comfortable and has great lumbar support
I'm terrible at remembering to drink water, and this bottle definitely fixes that. It fits a good amount of water but is still slim enough to fit easily in standard car cup holders. Adding outside water is also very easy. I have drastically increased my water intake since I am competitive with myself and I have to meet my goal each day. I don't really use my for the alerts, just the tracking and it works great.
A little bit heavier than desired. Just a little bit...
It's used by the Lazy Boy lounge for snacks, lunch, just whenever one doesn't wat to go to the table to eat. Very comfortable, legs fit under chaise easily!
It has good quality.
Product came well-packaged with all contents individually wrapped and padded. Instructions were easy to follow and everything went together quickly. The cabinet backing is made of coated cardboard, but it still worked fine. It was helpful to have a 2nd person holding up the cabinet when I mounted it to the wall.
Easy to install and looks great!
Very very nice! Perfect for my bathroom remodel! Dark espresso!
It's comfortable, easy to access and price is reasonable
These legs work great on my 50 Plasma tv. When we took it off the wall we lost the original Base. This is a great inexpensive alternative.
Love love love this chair. The color is a light pink and the chair is sooo comfortable. Glad I took the chance and bought it
Easy to install. Cute rustic look.
Easy to assemble! Great quality. It's perfect for small kitchens!
Absolutely Awesome!! My family loves them!
Absolutely beautiful and great quality! I will be ordering these for the rest of our rooms! Stained with Dark Walnut and 2 coats of poly.
Perfect. Just as pictured.
This chair was quick and easy to put together. Not only were the bolts well packaged they were clearly labeled to avoid any confusion and came with a few extras. The chair is comfortable with a mesh back that allows support without being hot. The lumbar support helps make this chair more comfortable and there is a padded headrest if you just want to lean back and watch a video for a bit. Overall, very affordable and quality built office chair. I'm happy with this and do recommend it.
nice piece of furniture and easy to assemble.
If you're looking for an inexpensive TV stand that looks great and is very sturdy this is the one for you love it
My Great Niece Loves IT!!!
My sugar gliders are messy with food, and they adjusted to this in minutes. Easy to clean ! Shipped fast and exactly how described .
I have a runner in front of my sliding glass doors and I have tile floors and a pool. It's extremely important that when I come in from the pool, I don't go slipping on the tile. I've used the carpet/rug tape for this runner. It works great for a few weeks, but I also have 4 dogs that are also always on this runner. After they've run over it and twirled on it, the tape was coming up and no longer had any adhesive left on it. I bought this and the dogs still spin around on it and some of the sides will fold over from this, BUT the runner DOES NOT move. I simple fold the turned up sides back over and the rug stays put. Absolutely love this and don't know why I didn't get it sooner. Don't waste your money on carpet/rug tape when you have this option instead.
This mattress surprised me. It was easy to open and put where i needed it in a loft. It also came with an opener that made getting it out of the bag super easy. It took less than 3 mins to "inflate" after breaking the vacuum seal. It also cam with a great little felt envelope that had all the documents for the warranty and paperwork. it was a nice touch for an otherwise great purchase.
AWESOME for the price. VERY comfortable... VERY happy with the purchase!
It took them two weeks to deliver. It comes in three big boxes. The pillows are in the inside once you break down everything. I love it!
Good looking and best function. Easy to raise and lower. Ordered two.
These look great! The only issue I had with them is that the first box came damaged. But VANT company exchanged it out quickly and easily and I've been happy ever since. Easy to put up and makes my bedroom look elegant.
Really nice....looks great and is super comfy!
I'm using as an entry door bench. Very sturdy and great for storing winter or summer shoes. I'm getting ready to order another for the foot of my bed for xtra linen storage and lift for my puppy to climb on my bed.
Not sure how it would be for a bed that is slept on everynight because its a little wobbly. It arrived quickly and is super cute!!
We love them (1 for each side of bed). Glasses, phone charger and phone are always close by. Great quality. Highly recommend!
Very sturdy piece! It was easy to put together (just required putting the legs on with the bolts included. I was able to stain it and have it back in the house in one day. I couldn't be more please with this purchase.
This is easy to build and had great instructions. It is also well constructed.
This is my second Cheetah mount. My wife and I hung it in our daughter's room. Installation was quick and easy and the mount feels solid.
I like this desk it blends in with my office furniture looks good love it.
These chairs are easy to assemble, comfortable, and they easily support 250 pounds. I use these in front of a couple arcade games I have and they look great.
It was very well packaged, the matress was well wrapped and compressed into a small roll, after unpacking, just allow a few minutes for it to expand. I would recommend carry it to the room before unpacking because once it is fully expanded, it becomes much bigger and hard to carry. It is a great mattress, the firmness level is just right - firm but not too firm. Seems well made and no off-gassing. Overall I'm very pleased.
A bunch of people had these at my academy, and I opted to get the Zak tools aluminum version that clips on like a pen, but when I got hired with an agency I have my building key and handcuff key on the same ring so the polymer reduces the loud clinking a bit. Good key, just got it today so we'll see how it fares in the cold temperatures.
Perfect addition to my photo studio for my hair and make up artists to work on my clients! It super soft to touch and very comfortable! Love it!
I love this partition. The shelves are great for displaying product when doing a spa event.
Was easy to cut to size. The rug isn't sliding anymore so it's working. Haven't noticed any residue being left behind. Is a thin mat and doesn't offer any extra cushion.
This was a gift. The recipient LOVED it. We all were impressed with how soft it feels. Design is pure Batman.
The moment I saw this desk, I fell in love because it looked so elegant than the one I previously had. Even though it doesn't have any drawers, it looks very office chic and totally changes the feel of my room. It did take some time to put together, mainly because the pieces were heavy and I wanted to be careful. The black color looks so good and now I have so much desktop space.
Am very pleased with the corner shelf. Could not find in stores and found this item. Easy Easy to put together...took about 5 min. Fits perfect in the corner on our porch to put the radio on. Bamboo is very nice. Arrived as stated and would definitely recommend!
Finally, I have got something that can support my back. It's soft, comfortable. I feel less pain.
This is the perfect to get to know your other half better.
One of the most thought out plans for furniture design Easy to put together Structurally very sound
worked perfect - had a wool runner in the hall - this took the slip right out of it! very happy
Super easy and quick to put together.
A few details... the surface is not flat and you shouldnt expect to use paper and pen on top of this. The wood isn't high quality and will have blemishes. The wood isn't finished to protect from liquids. Assembly is fairly simple. The table is great size for a large couch.
Super easy to assemble and comfortable. Great buy!
Read the reviews before buying. But its pretty cool the way they have it rolled up. I think I enjoyed watching it unroll more then anything. Ha! But my kids sleep good. I recommend these mattresses.
I anticipated it would be a great fit for a small room and I was not disappointed. I'm totally satisfied!
Wasn't that hard to put together. Such an easy & transitional piece! Much more affordable from Amazon than other sellers.
Very happy with price, quality and appearance.
This is for my bathroom that has very little storage space.
Good product, as long as you follow the exact steps.... We're still married.
This rug was just as pictured-maybe even better! It adds a beautiful touch to my living room, as it is stylish and the colors are gorgeous. The price was great as well!
It fit my tree and still had room for other decorations!
Great stylish and soft rug. Was looking for a while for an odor free rug and this rug has zero odor.
Great! Hard to find replacement controls for my lift chair. Manufacturer stopped making this model, and thank goodness, this company had them. Otherwise, I would need to buy a new chair..not an option on a fixed income
What a pretty bed, off white very well made. Has plastic parts to add sturdiness which is why it is cost-effective! Non of the plastic parts show however.
The guest is very happy with this chair. They all said that sitting up is very comfortable. I am also very satisfied.
Great quality and easy to assemble
These were slightly large for our Nuna SENA mini pack and play... but good quality product. I must commend the seller for refunding our $$ due to size discrepancy. Amazing customer service.
I love it it works great for my cubbie at work. very sturdy
Item was fairly easy to assemble except for the fact that I did not receive instructions. The worst part was when I contacted Amazon for the instructions, I was first told to read the other reviews (which I had already done) and then I was told to contact the manufacturer. Makes me think that for furniture, my best bet would be to look and give my money to a company that actually helps their customers. I am a major Amazon customer but I am highly disappointed in the customer service I received.
Ridiculously soft. Haven't washed yet. Better than expected.
Assembly takes some time, but I didn't install the bottom piece. I wanted the low to the ground and rectangle look. The two doors keep the dusk out. It's perfect for a 55" TV. Reasonable price too.
You cannot beat the price- I bought a nice rug pad and I'm just tickled with the look and feel. I have dogs and I think this rug will wear and hold up just perfect!
I bought the 12 in mattress for my daughter and its like sleeping on air. I am going to get 1 for the whole family. We love this mattress.
This rug is super plush & fluffy. I have not seen any shedding from it. The backing makes it skid resistant without having to buy a separate pad. I have this in my guest bath & everyone comments how good it feels on their feet & how upscale it looks.
Very comfortable and very warm!
Great quality with real, heavy slate and metal. Great for an end table, TV trays, laptop stands.
Perfect for all occasions!
The curtain did a fantastic job dividing the room! The material is good quality! No issues with it thus far!
This is a good bed with the nice bonus that the wooden slats are velcroed with strong velcro to the frame, making them removable if need be, like if you wanted to move or just access whatever's under the bed. It was easy and quick enough to assemble by myself. My only complaint is that it just isn't high enough. I had recently gotten rid of a couch but kept the pedestal feet for some weird reason- it paid off because now the feet are lifting up this bed to give it enough clearance to store plastic storage bins under. The bed is light enough to lift with a foam mattress on top of it onto the feet, but heavy enough not to slide off them (so far). So, that's good. I've had this bed for a year.
I love this product and it has given me space to place all my stuff over night instead of leaving it on the corners of my bed where they fall off in the night!
Great addition to hard mattress
Just what I was looking for easy to assemble and perfect entry table for my house
My husband put this together so I can't really speak to its ease of assembly but I do recall him saying that the instructions could have been better written or clearer. I can say that it is very attractive and very steady despite its openness. It soundly accommodates all the books I'd planned to place on it.
These work well at keeping my area rug from slipping all around. Easy to apply vs those big under rug grip pads I'm used to. These are small so they could even be used on area runners or kitchen rugs.
Took some IKEA skills but I built it on my own in about 30 minutes. Very sturdy once assembly is complete. Holds very large books in the top section.
I'm obsessed with this chair. It's super cute and affordable what more do you want? I don't sit at my desk for hours, but it's plenty comfortable for my average lite use. I might get a throw pillow to make it even cuter and comfier.
This cart is perfect for a small nightstand/toy cart in our guest/playroom. It matches my turquoise glossy ikea shelf perfectly! It's pretty small but you can fit a lamp and a Kleenex box on the top shelf. Would be a good rolling craft cart or a bathroom cart.
Just as advertised - great little computer stand
I went to the local furniture stores and tried to find one king size bed frame .Most of them are very expensive, and I don't have pickup truck and Van. They gona charge me at least $99 shipping fee. I gave up, and I decided to buy online. I finally found this one, the price iwas under my budget. After receiving it. I couldn't wait to use it. I thought this would hard to assemble it. But it only took me around 15 minutes to finish all the job. The bed frame is very sturdy and perfectly fit my king size mattress. Very reasonable price with good quality! I am very satisfied!
This is a very nice storage bench. It looks much nicer than the picture and is very roomy. I like the red color too. I am pressed for storage space and will probably order the 4 segment bench. I heartily recommend the Sorbus Storage Bench.
Beautiful artwork. Great material. Highly suggest.
I bought these sets of wheels because I didn't like the ones that came with the original chair. I have hardwood floor so I didn't want the wheels to scratch up the floors. These wheels have no edges, making movements rather smooth. Very satisfied with these wheels.
Very nice quality for the price.
Looks like a very nice, sturdy table for playing games and used as an extension to our kitchen table. Highly recommend buying this folding table.
Makes riding in the car & any place I sit the lumbar pillow gives me a lot of support & makes me as comfortable as possible. I have a lot of osteoarthritis, therefore can only get a little relief.
We used these grippers on a rug in the entry of our home. Since they were installed, we have had no curling and the rug has not moved from its place. I could not be more pleased.
I ordered a king This mattresses is super comfortable, the measurements provided online were accurate. I was really nervous about ordering one I couldn't try out but I went to a mattress store previously to try them out. I tried a hybrid mattress I fell in love with that was about $1500 but I just couldn't pay that much for a mattress right now and it feels just like this one, I'm super pumped, it is sooooooooo soft but not to soft. 😁
Very nice looking and adds comfort
Fit our need perfectly.
These chairs are awesome - well made and soft fabric- the kids love them
Arrived quickly. Happy with purchase.
The white color is nice. Very easy to set up. Got this for an arts and crafts table.
This chair is sturdy and well-made. It arrived quickly and in good condition, and was easy to assemble. The memory foam cushions are firm and supportive, but comfortable. The caster wheels are smooth and I have no worries about damage to my hardwood floor. In short, it's an awesome kneeling chair. It was only a little more expensive for the memory foam, and it's worth it. Unfortunately, I can slouch just as well in a kneeling chair as I can in a regular chair. It doesn't help my posture. But if you know you want a kneeling chair, buy this one.
It is very well made with no assembly. It was ready to use out of the box.......Thank You!
Love this product, thinking of getting a second. Very sturdy and supports a good amount of weight. I have 3 monitors mounted to the desk. Quality materials.
My son is 15 and put it together in 3.5 hours. Its quite heavy and will require two people probably. What I like the least- cardboard back. Rest of unit seems very sturdy. Instructions were well done and all parts were there.
We have been sleeping on this mattress for a year and a half and love it. Highly recommend, would buy again.
Perfect for replacing the broken fiberglass pieces on our patio chairs.
My baby would not sleep on thr orignal mattress we got her, to loud from the plastic coating. Got this and she sleeps through the night.
My couch base is too low for tables with wheels, so this was a perfect solution. Now I can lie on my couch and work from home.
Used in bedroom under thick shag area carpet. In past used the lower quality anti-slip pads. This is a huge comfort difference. Improves quality feel of carpet in addition to cushion absorbing. Used over hard wood floor with room over a garage... also adds to a insulation barrier on colder days.
Looks great, feels nice and firm, and was pretty easy to put together. I had to use a power driver though. A normal screw driver would take a lot of elbow grease.
Perfect amount of light for changing your little princess in the middle of the night.
GREAT FOR THE PRICE!! Love it and easy to put together
It's exactly what it said it was.
This was a present. The recipient picked it out and is very happy with it. The height was perfect. And the minimalistic look was just right.
It's actually really soft and cushiony for a floor mat. The colors aren't "loud" either.
Love this stand. I am a teacher (computers) so I need to be moving around the classroom while demonstrating with a projector. So my laptop needs to move with me. This has a shelf for the remote & even storage on the bottom.
More than what I expected . I really enjoy it!
Great for toddlers gives them more freedom to help out. Also can be turned into whatever turns their fancy.
My young brother/sister Great Danes have their inner clock all set: at 10 pm most nights, their second wind kicks in. One gets a toy from their toy box and encourages the other to try to take it away. Before you know it, it's an all out free for all in the living room! Rugs go sliding across the room -- even the one that is held down by a couple of sofa legs, doesn't stand a chance. I know they are having fun and don't have the heart to curtail their antics -- but it was becoming tiresome to put the two area rugs back in place most mornings. I wasn't sure that these pads would be good enough to hold them in place, but at the price I thought I'd give it a try. Compared to other products that I have used in the past (without success) these are plump and naturally 'grippy' -- not 'tacky' as some other gripper pads sometimes can be -- and basically don't work anyway. I cut the two pads (easily) to size and waited for a play-night -- that night they went to town. :-) After 20 minutes of hard play - they zonked off to sleep -- and not a rug had budged - even the one that did not have any furniture on it!! I was impressed, to say the least. Will definitely purchase this brand again if ever I need another!
Great product, it's exactly how it's advertised.
Got here quick, looks great, haven't tried it yet, it's a Christmas gift.
The island is perfect for my small size kitchen. I replaced top and put granite. I have been looking for this island for a long time. Very happy with purchase.
Love this bed had the 8inch no gel and it was ok but loves this bed
I love this rug! So, so soft! I would order this rug again and again, in different colors next time!
Beautiful rug. Very soft.
These chairs are perfect for my studio. Very simple and sturdy as well. Shipping was fast, everything came in good condition. They were very easy to assemble. I am very happy with my purchase.
Purchased to hang jewlery- nice quality and looks great in closet
I love the way the clock looks and how it's super easy to read. It's light so you don't need a heavy duty nail to hang it. There's no second hand so, there is no ticking noise. Highly recommend!
Bigger and sturdier than expected, but just right for size and price. The desk and riser are laminated faux wood but again, for price and purpose that's okay. Most importantly, it looks good, and I expect many years of trouble-free service.
Very comfortable and look pretty, bought 2 more
Good quality, worth the money. Feels rigid if every parts screwed together hard, but got be careful when assembly.
You will love this. Its great
The mattress topper is comfortable and makes sleeping enjoyable again. I like it
Prompt delivery, easy to assemble. All tools included. Sturdy for 300# plus.
Very happy with my purchase. It was an excellent price, and the product was just as described, Looks great in my home theater!
We received the chair a couple of days ago , it was easy to put together. We have an office in our home and we have been using this chair, it is very comfortable it rolls easy. It was a good purchase. I will recommend it my friends.
Very lush. Looks great in living area.
This table is amazing. Very sturdy and easy to move around. This fits my bed perfect. I am finally able to use my computer while I am in bed not feeling well
I really like it.Though I do not like the logo on the table top,it is not a big deal. Quality & Design worth 5 star.
Looks good in her collection.
Great quality! Just like the description. It was so easy to assemble! I love it!
Exactly what I needed.
Excellent product! Nice color and easy to install.
Anyhow this is the most comfortable mattress I ever slept on. It conforms to my body no matter what position I'm in. It's firm for my bad back but soft enough to even rest my head on my arm without waking up later with a dead arm. Love it.
These are smaller than I wanted but the price was fabulous! I did not install the door. I like the open bottom look better.
I LOVE this cabinet!!! Im an experienced builder of this kind of furniture and this one WAS tricky! I followed the directions very carefully and still had to undo and redo, but it still turned out great. I ended up ordering a couple extra shelves from Sauder. They were great and it was cost effective. If you've ever aligned doors on this type of thing, it's the same. No big deal.
Wish we'd bought tbis sooner. The regular box springs made the purple sleep bad and sag, and squeaked. Now, NO squeaking and purple is firmer.
Perfect, just what I wanted. I ordered some strong carpet tape to make sure it doesn't slide but I hardly feel that I needed that.
Love this bed. Perfect firmness. Keeps you cool. Would buy again.
it was perfect for my daughters tv!
Cheap and does the job
Quality product for the price. Customer service was very responsive.
Worked exactly how I wanted them to. Not sure if I'll be able to reuse them if I want to move the run, but it was an easy quick fix.
Have been re-webbing for 30 years using packages from the local hardware store. This time they did not have enough of one color to do four chairs. I am happy that I found this product. They have a great color selection and very happy with the quality. The length on the roll was as advertised which I appreciated. I had measured the old webbing and knew exactly what I needed. Price was about the same as the hardware store per foot, but less waste with a continuous length (unused ends).
In a job move they lost my power chair recliner charging block. I ordered this one and it worked!
Love them! I wish I had more of them
Love this mattress. Not too firm or too soft, it's perfect. I will say that however, when it comes to softness, no mattress is too soft for me but many are too hard.
Great little desk for the price. My son loves for his Xbox set up.
We got this frame for several reasons. - we needed something for an extra thick 15 inch foam mattress we got . - we wanted something high enough that we could store a reasonable amount underneath . - we needed something very sturdy. -We also wanted something with a thick enough frame where we could attach sticky lights to the bottom of it to create a glow effect.
Great price, looks good and easy to put together.
Just used it for the first time, in Zion National Park in mid April. It was cold! In the low 40's at night. Previously we had frozen practically to death at those temperatures when our air mattress dropped to this temp, but not this time. We put in on the air mattress, then topped it with a sleeping bag, and then our sheets and comforter. I don't know if we needed the extra bag under us, but anyway it was really comfortable and warm all night, never worked up feeling chilly at all. Highly recommend.
Good price. Looks great. Easy put together.
I used this item to make a tea bar. It was easy to assemble, and the wood looks great. It's the perfect height for a bar level table. I also like the extra length. It fits more plants on it.
It took a few nights to get used to changing from a latex mattress to memory foam, but I now sleep better than I have in years. I try to sleep in a little different spot nightly to avoid wearing it down, but it makes sharing a bed with my husband (and occasionally our little boys who sneak in during the night) much easier. We have had it for several months now, and I'm recommending it to everyone. For the price point, the quality cannot be beaten.
I expected a basic table, but got a solid elegant table PERFECT for what I wanted.
Comfortable. But had ungrateful guests.
Puts out great light and doesn't take up a lot of space. Perfect for sewing.
This rug is beautiful and plush. The children love to lay on it. Stays clean easily as well
Just what I needed for a great price!
Really nice Quality. Easy to put together. The perfect fit for my Mission Rocker with black leather.
Very comfortable. I weigh 237 and it holds my weight well! Not easily mobile but can be moved around!
We are tall and like a tall bed so we added this under our traditional 9" box spring. It was super easy (and really cool) to 'assemble' aka unfold. Zinus products are just the best!
I love the colors and would buy again. Wish I had choosen a larger size.
It's amazing. It's very quality. It's nice to take pictures with it. I love it too much.
These worked perfect in our closet. Highly recommend
It is a great purchase!! It is very durable. Nice colors and it dries fast.
Great product! Looks great in my hallway. Very pleased.
It's always hit or miss when ordering from the Warehouse. This was a miss. Too damaged for use because underside support was broken. Otherwise, would have been a nice purchase for the price!
Decent quality. Instructions to assemble were straight forward but made a million times easier with power tools. Once assembled it looks really great. I'm very happy with it, especially for the price.
The desk is easy to install. I like the color and style, and cannot agree more that it is with great quality. It can contain all my office supplies: two monitors, one printer and all folders. It is useful and I will recommend it to everyone. It works for exactly what I needed it for. Very sturdy. Other than that I really do like the looks of it and functionality.
Easy to install. They come with a great finish. Smooth operation.
Great product and service, 100% recommended
I love my frame that I bought for my Bachelor's and Masters degrees. It looks great and it was delivered a lot sooner than I expected it to be. Would definitely order again!
Functional and handy. We did have to call to get a replacement as the first package was damaged, but happy with the overall product
Easy to put on and they stay in place.
To be truthful I was expecting this to be of much less quality considering the low cost. I was pleased to see that the whole thing is of vary high quality. Well worth the price. Except for the inside of the drawer the surface is a bit shiny witch suggests a polyurethane coat. For me the size is perfect.
Item as described. Fast shipping. A+
I love that its low profile..
Solidly built and sturdy, looks great in our bathroom. We do not have it in our shower so we cannot say whether it would hold up being exposed to constant shower water but as far as a bathroom bench we love it!
Less than 5 mins to assemble. Sturdy. Good looking!
So far this is the most comfortable mattress we've have owned. We have brought mattresses that cost triple the amount of this one and no not nearly as comfortable!
My wife ordered two for a couch downstairs. I loved them so much I immediately ordered more for a couch in my man cave. They look really good and function very well!
Everything was in the package; they're just like the picture.
Wonderful. Fits right in the tiny spots. Slightly flimsy. Pricey for the flimsiness.
For a fraction of the cost of the previous battery, this product has given my 13-year-old Roomba a new life. It's now running for 90 minutes instead of 25.
Good product for the price. Easy to assemble. Very small. Look at the actual dimensions.
I never would have thought by the size of the box that this mattress would blow up to as big as it is. It's so comfortable and the quality is very good! I got the 12" mattress.
Wow, I'm honestly surprised. This is not what I expected at all! I thought the desk was going to be something that just “worked” for now until we found something great but we love this desk! It looks so good. Took about an hour to put together. Arrived in a box that looked a little damaged so I was nervous but everything was packed great & nothing inside the box was damaged.
Looks good, like a nice piece of furniture. Sturdy, drawers roll nicely. So much better than the old metal cabinet we had before. Nice to keep paperwork you want to hold onto organized.
Love it and terrific price.
I bought this to make my pullout sofa more comfortable. Currently, I am on day 3 of airing it out. It's not bad, but there is a chemical smell that I hope goes away. We haven't slept on it yet. I have yet to figure out how to store it, as the sofa wil not always be in “ Bed mode”.
I bought this for my girlfriend's side of the bed. I was worried it wouldnt fit on my steel bedframe but it ended up fitting perfectly.
This Non-Slip Rug Pad is awesome. It is good quality. I have purchased the non-slip rug pads from Bed, Bath & Beyond where they are way over priced, they have the smaller bumps and are thinner. This is product is way better and I would purchase again when I need another.
Love this couch!! Very comfortable and so good looking. The cushions are good quality and the blue color is so nice!! It was difficult to put together but other than that I have no complaints!!
My mattress never expanded to the correct dimensions the manufacture quickly took care of the problem A+
Very sturdy and easy to assemble. Provides a great base for the mattress and storage below for most plastic storage containers. Great value for the money.
I love this mattress cover. It's so soft and feels like you're sleeping on a cloud. I originally bought one for my daughter a couple years ago and loved it. I decided I needed a cloud to sleep on. You don't overheat with this either. If you get this, you won't be disappointed, unless you like sleeping on a rock. Lol!!
Bigger than i expected but i love it, very cozy
Exactly as described Not a huge recliner. I am 5'8" and it was perfect for my size.
Daughter loved this! I want one now!!
Sturdy, Beautiful, and my mother loves it!!
Great product, I purchased it to put it underneath my Rabbits enclosure and wanted something that would match the theme color wise, be the right size but also a smoother surface that was easy to vacuum and clean. And this is perfect so far!
This swivel stand, was actually what i was looking for. It was very easy to assemble. It took me about 12 minutes to put together by myself. The only con i have is the inbox tools. They are hard on the hands, so I opted using my own tools instead. It comes with extra screws of various sizes, lenghts and spacers to accommodate the shapes of certain screens.
They're absolutely great, especially for a small space! A bit shorter than I expected but that was my own fault. I love them!
Don't hesitate, just buy. I have them at my kitchen and basement bar. They are comfortable and stylish.. just awesome for the price as well.
Very good look, excellent quality for the money. Seller is very approachable and helpful too.
Great bench. Very sturdy and easy assembly.
This rug was worth the cost.
Great product for the price. It arrived quickly and was quite comfortable sleeping on it the first night. I recently moved and was quite a bit sore after transporting some items. After just one night sleeping on this mattress, I felt much better (something I was quite surprised at). I definitely recommend this mattress if you're looking for something reasonably affordable and comfortable.
Very comfy and the gray color is perfect. We had to run our fingers through it to get it to fluff but it worked.
I work from home enough to justify a sit/stand option. My current office setup is small, so I wanted something adjustable in the event I redo the floor plan! It is smooth operating, and easy to assemble. The controls and storing favorites is really easy too. The box is HEAVY, so I opened it and carried parts to the office separately! I would definitely order again!
Awesome chair at a reasonable price. It's great on it's own and can be easily adjusted. Also works with a standard chaise pad to make it a little more comfortable.
Perfect for my vanity
So far I love it. Hopefully it lasts a few years!
I thought it was the perfect size for my counter between sinks to hide clutter. It was easy to assemble. Good price.
Love it! Do easy to assemble and perfect for my office.
Very soft and fluffy. I wasn't expecting the gray or light blue yarns within the navy blue but it still goes well with my furniture. It is not a solid navy rug. Great quality and I believe that is will last a long time.
So far it's awesome. Easy setup, easy life. Love it! See pics :) Came way earlier than estimated which was awesome as I ordered it as a birthday gift and it arrived right before birthday!
The design is lovely, but I was missing a few screws and had extra screws that I did not need and could Not use to replace the missing ones.
I really like this chair, easy to assemble, great support.
Perfect for me 😍 Came in exactly as described and on time!
Sturdy great bed for my yelp review
My toddlers plays in here every day. It has maintained very well with daily use. Easy set up and break down.
Looks so nice with all my plants in my front window!
This chair is easy to install and very comfortable. I spent only 15 mins to install the whole chair. It is good for computer desk as well as office. I did sit on it for an entire day and did not feel any tired.
Great product been using it for a month now every night I looking forward going into bed
So cute! It looks perfect for my living room,Easy to assemble,Love it
Pretty nice, tubes are plastic and scew together. Fits well in corner, lightweight and pretty sturdy considering, thank you:)
Sturdy, serving as an entryway bench, very good quality, love it!
Great just what I needed.
Purchased this piece of furniture as an organizer for baby's extra stuff. The dimensions and color are exactly as given in the description.
Excellent product. Easy to assemble and great price!
Needed some chairs for kitchen table and this was a great purchase. Easy to install, feels sturdy and looks great. Very happy with this purchase.
It was a really nice gift!!!! My girlfriend Love it!!!!!
Very satisfied! Just like we imagined!
Love them, very sturdy. Big enough for 3 teenage boys!
Love it I would buy this for my vac shop why not?!
It made my room brighter and made me more organized and pure, thank you very much.
I'm very pleased with my purchase. It comes wrapped tightly in a thick plastic. It takes about a week or so for the wrinkles to come out from it being rolled so tightly. Fits beautifully in my entry way.
our daughter loves it. Everything is like in the pictures. Ours was damaged during shipping. It wasn't really noticeable so we kept it.
Just what I was looking for.
Love it, the color and quality are better then pictured.
This is the second mattress I order through Zinus and I love them. Bought this mattress for my younger sister and she loves the firmness and comfort. She has been in experiencing pain in her back and hips due to an injury and finds that on this bed she is able to rest. It is thin but firm, not too firm but just right.
Very good quality for the price
Love them, easy to put together.
Picture was honest depiction of what the rug looks like. I perhaps should be ordered a 6' round, but the 5' I ordered looks fine. Colors are as depicted in picture. I did not put a pad under it as it is not in a high traffic area.
Perfect bar height. Color is just as described
I am using this as my Living room coffee table. Love it! Easy to assemble and this is a nice substantial piece of furniture!
My wife was suffering from lower back pain. I bought this mattress and three months later she feels great. No more back pain. The mattress forms to your body and provides support where you need it most.
My wife loves the chairs, happy!
I ordered this for college and absolutely love it. Not sure it helps to cool me but it's very comfortable and has not flattened yet.
Lovely rug for the price!
Had to have my son put it together. Unfortunately he didn't follow the directions and the top piece was put in backwards. When putting it together please make sure each piece is either left or right. Back and front.
Best buy I could have made. Easy to assemble and very sturdy. I have my kids toys and books on it and it holds very well
Love this unit. It was breeze to assemble (roughly 20 mins) and no holes in the wall required, unless you want to secure it which is optional. It serves its purposes and isn't overbearing in the room.
absolutely love this fireplace. calls for two people to put together, but you can do it alone.. very heavy though..
Great storage and a sitting bench.
Great bed and have been recommending to others who are looking for an adjustable bed. Quality product, easy to set up, takes two people to flip frame onto its legs. This bed has the pillow type lift and comes with a massager.
This is a plain white plastic pedestal stand. It was fast and simple to assemble, and works well. I use it to direct the sound from my google mini more directly into the room. Also, the forward facing position shows off the attractive aqua color of my mini to good advantage.
Love this, well made. Adults can even sit in the chairs I ordered
I love it . You have to put the chair together . Other stylist/ barbers maybe able to help you assemble . Comfy and comes just like the description
My favorite part is ROLLING CART, easy to use. It's easy to install.
Love this rug. I searched for at least a year for an affordable rug for the living room. So happy I stumbled on this one!
Not enough storage space, but they look adorable
I loved the cover, but it wouldn't fit on my new 10" thick futon mattress. So I will have to return it.
Well built and a good looking piece for the price.
Sturdy, solid and handsome looking.
We love this bathroom shelving unit so much!! It has cleared up so much space in our tiny bathroom, I feel like it has doubled in size! There is so much storage on the unit that we no longer have to take up counter space with our bathroom items. The brackets to connect the product to the wall make all the difference & keep it from being wobbly or from moving at all. This product was a great addition to our lives!
Received the desk very quickly, came in perfect condition, very simple and perfect for the area I needed it for.
Easy to install and it looks so good!!!
I bought this to put on my daughter's swingset and I'm so glad I went with this one. It is only a fraction of the cost of many others like it. The whole family loves it! The photo shows the swing before I installed the correct hardware.
Works great! Holds my Rugs firmly where i need them.
I wanted a towel ring to install in my bathroom but did not want to have to drill holes in my wall so I purchased this towel ring and with just a few drops of glue/adhesive it was up! I love it! This brass Towel ring is fabulous. There is a piece of clear rubber so the that the ring does not bang against the wall. I love it!
No assembly - easy to clean, looks tropical & attractive - what's not to like!
Nice size pieces. I thought they would be thin like aluminum foil but the metal gauge is perfect for craft projects. Beautiful color. Love these! Would definitely buy again.
Took my husband maybe 25 minutes to build. Super easy. And It's nice!
Love this bed. It did not come with instructions, however, my husband had no problems putting it together. There was an email that came after we had already put together.
Great product. Metallic gloss for color and logo has depth. Silver edged paper and graphics we consistent, neat, and amazing. Lines on the inside were subtle enough to use as blank sheet and lines journal.
I researched a ton of mattress and was really nervous about buying one online, however after reading through all the reviews, yes all of them! I decided to make the move and buy this mattress and it was the BEST thing I have bought in a long time! Oh my goodness it is so soft but holds weight, when I get out of bed I don't disturb my boyfriend and vice versa. Some reviews said it didn't expand all the way out to 13 inches mine did within the first 4 hours of opening it. The box it comes in is large and heavy. I would absolutely recommend opening it in the room you plan on using it in. Be careful not too cut the mattress when you open the packaging. This was an awesome buy and I would give it 10 stars if I could!
Perfect for what I needed.
We ordered this mattress to replace our pillow top mattress. I have always loved soft mattresses and my husband likes firmer mattresses so we wanted to try something different to see if we could find a middle ground. This mattress came straight to our door and was super easy to get out of the box and set up. This mattress is the perfect amount of firm and soft. Other firm mattresses that I have tried make me feel sore when I wake up. This mattress does not do that at all. It is firm and gives a lot of support but is soft enough that you don't wake up sore. Such a great mattress. The cover is so soft and nice. I also love the height of this mattress. It is a cooling mattress so you will want warm blankets for the winter. My husband and I who usually like very different mattresses both give this 5 stars. It is awesome and I am sleeping better than I have in years.
Great gift. Only have bathroom mirror so got for girlfriend for her birthday. She loves it. Women need mirrors to see thier whole outfit. She also loves storage space, win win. She loved it. Took 10 minutes to assemble. One of the nuts to hold the bottom crossbar was stripped. Not a deal breaker, still functions perfectly. Worth noting.
So, I was looking around for one of those old-fashioned steel typewriter tables and found they are now selling for hundreds of dollars on E-bay. That's not what this is but it reminds me of that: utilitarian, but just like in the picture, you could work it into a well-planned decor. It fits where I put it, and I like it every time I walk by.
Good quality and well packaged for shipping.
Love how durable yet stylish it is.
Great customer service. Very satisfied with product as it matched the description and pictures presented.
Very Ins style. Most of time I use it for decorate purpose but also for sitting when little kids come over.
I have had this rug for a while now and it has held up nice. Can't tell if it's dirty ever so I just vaccume it every once in a while!
Great quality cute vanity for daughters room
Great price great quality
I bought this when my friend's come for a visit. She had been sleeping on it for 2 weeks. It's very comfortable. I also use it a lot in its chair form when reading with my son. And I really like that the nice brown cover is removable and washable. A great buy. Thanks!
So far it seems to be holding up really well and I've had no issues with it. It's a welcome change I'm heading to tighten it down every time I want to use it and then dumping pepper all over my counter every time I set it down when I'm done.It cuts the lids off so smoothly and without any real effort you may think it isn't working. Once you are done you position the little beak over the lid and pull the lid up and off
I loved them. They match my bedspread and the right length. Quality was excellent
This is a great investment and it really helps cut down prep time. At 5'7”, this really saves my back and I can finish my projects without taking so many sit down breaks!
Arrived quickly, very sturdy, husband had no trouble assembling it, and it looks so beautiful in the bedroom. Fits a lot of cloth , in style. Great choice, would highly recommend this to anyone.
As advertised. Easy to follow instructions. Great product overall! The electric fire is beautiful and the heater works nicely.
The colors are just the tone I hoped for and really being my space together. I feel like this rug made this room seem more sophisticated.
I easily store this tent in my vehicle and use it when we're out. I like that it protects my baby from the sun while keeping him clean. Folding the tent can be tricky at first, but after watching a how-to video, it was easy to figure out.
Better than I expected and my children ages 4 and 8 loved it
Awesome addition as a plant stand
Excellent for camping. Very comfortable.
Tables came fully assembled. Only assembly required was for the base that holds the tables. Very easy to assemble. Product is very sturdy. The tables are in perfect condition with no imperfections! Extremely pleased with this product and would definitely recommend! Far exceeds the price and my expectations!
Excellent product! Completely satisfied with the quality and description! Works perfectly in our small bedroom!
Bought two and they were just as expected. Hold quite a few bottles of all different sizes. Nice piece of functional furniture!
The wood is beautiful. Bed is very sturdy and wasn't difficult to put together. Great Purchase!!
Much better than I had even expected! The rug really ties the room together!
I have 8 of these chairs and use them outdoors, they are very comfortable and look amazing! The quality is great just like my ghost chairs that I purchased from Poly and Bark. The assembly was very easy and the packaging is always great! I highly recommend them!
The stools are better than I expected. The color is perfect and the stools came pre assembled! I have no complaints. I think I will eventually purchase again.
They were beautiful and cheaper than if I bought them in a craft store, instructions are in original language ( not English ) but it's an easy fix with a tutorial here on the dot, and they do need a base under them but other wise they work well with most other brands of water color
Love it. It is short, so pay attention to the dimensions. Really happy with it.
I love how the mirror is rechargeable because I don't have to be next to an outlet while doing my makeup. It last two days when fully charged, which is great because you don't have to be constantly charging it.
I like this case - made the mattress look much less of a mess. The quality is pretty good, and it is rather easy to pack the mattress. My mattress is 4" so there is enough room for the pillow and the blanket in the case.
I bought these mostly for security work where I'm allowed to sit from time to time. They're lightweight, easy to carry, and very durable. Obviously not as comfortable as my portable canvas chair, but so much easier to get up and down when needing to sit for a few moments at a time. Plus, the second acts as a great little table when I'm by myself! Good buy!
Well-made and easy to assemble. Love the drawer, great place to store remote controls.
I needed a simple sewing chair for my crafts area and this chair fit the bill. There was a small blemish when it arrived, but Amazon's fabulous customer service took care of me and I am thrilled with my comfy craft chair!
Nice desk. Well made. Lots of space.
Great rug for the cost.
A great rug for the price. Perfect in our hall for our dogs to ensure the mud sticks on the rug and not our floors!
I loved this! Bought it for my living room and if fits in perfectly it's fairly light so it's very easy to move around the room
These chairs are great—I bought 4 and had an issue with one. The seller very quickly replaced the shell and I haven't had an issue since. I actually just ordered 4 more! They look great in my dining room. If you're thinking about buying them, just do it. You can't beat the price, they look amazing, and they take maybe 30 minutes to put together. I highly recommend these!
My son loves his XL twin mattress. It is the right size for him.
Absolutely love this sofa! We get compliments on it often. Super soft fabric. The seat is a little more firm, so it works well in our client waiting area.
Very easy to assemble......packed VERY well......looks great in the kitchen area. Have already had people compliment the look of the set. Very happy and would definitely recommend. Seller was great!!
These bar stools are sturdy!! I had previous ones that did not hold together ......
Comfortable chair and very easy to assemble
so i originally bought a firm mattress from the store.... this has been the worst sleep ever... i put this topper on top of it and boy am i glad... i have been in bed for over 12 hours now.... this is so comfortable!
So soft and cozy they are juuuuust big enough for my sofa. I do have to retuck them all the time but that's not a huge deal. I washed and dried them first and they held up just fine. I ordered two the wine and dark gray
Good quality cubes. Fits well in cube storage furniture.
The product was very well made and comfortable. It was well worth the investment.
We love these chairs. Well made and great finish on them. Don't know what the weight limit is but they are a little narrower than an average chair and I don't know how they would hold up with a 250# plus person. We use them in our camper when we have guests for lunch. Would recommend.
I'm very happy with my daybed, the only complaint I can think of is that I wish the mattress was a bit thicker or firmer, but it's still comfortable to sit and lay on.
Got this for my daughter! It was easy to put together, I did it on my own in about an hour. Very sturdy and love the space underneath that I can use for storage
Very Good quality and affordable price I am glad to buy it
Really nice for price
What an AMAZING company with EXCELLENT customer service! My son loves his gaming chair! So thankful we found this chair! Quality for the price!!
Just perfect for my tiny bathroom sink . Gives me a lot more space to put small things. I put a medium sized listerine mouth wash in the back and it never tips. Love it.
It took longer to get it out of the box than it did to assemble it! Had my feet up on it in 15 minutes!
This thing rocks. It's a beautiful rug that can really brighten up any boring space.
This is the perfect solution for a dining table in my small space. Simple to assemble & mount. I love the versatility of being able to have this as a dining table, desk, or stowed away against the wall.
Easy to set up for a game of cards when friends drop by.
Fast Shipping and very happy with the bed frames!
Great and sturdy bed. Better than what I expected. Very easy to put together.
I love this coffee table! It looks great in my living room and is the perfect size. You won't be disappointed!
This bed frame is exactly what I needed. Storage space underneath and super easy to assemble. I love it and I'm so happy that I found it.
They live up to their name.
Nice cabinet and replacement arrived super fast, thanks
Looks just like the picture.
It's foldable and also very light so I use it even when I'm traveling since I don't want to miss its brightness and clear visibility. I like also that I can power it with USB besides batteries.
This is a well made bamboo rug that will hold up to heavy family traffic. It looks great and just wipes clean. Great Buy!!
Absolutely beautiful and very solid (aka very heavy!). Match our wrought iron bed wonderfully. Drawer is a silent, smooth glide. Assembly was fairly easy except final screws weren't pre drilled, but not a huge deal.
Almost too soft. You kinda slide on it, but otherwise great.
It was very easy to use and install. I had to trim it a bit to fit the actual size of the carpet I have, but it worked very well and I haven't had any problem with the rug slipping or bunching in over two weeks. Great product at a very reasonable price.
Quality product and looks great! We have several sizes on one wall for family pictures. Looks elegant and is very functional.
I love this desk. I wanted something that I could work with standing or sitting. I really like using it for standing as I don't like sitting for very long periods.
I bought this table for my computer setup and this table looks solid for my purpose
Very pretty headboard. Goes nicely in our guest room. Good price for the quality and very easy to assemble.
I love this! I live in an apartment and need all the storage space I can get! I love this!
Really happy with this purchase. Super easy to put together and definitely makes the room look so much better! Looks just like the photos. Arrived with all the screws and parts needed with everything in good condition. It was what I expected. Keep in mind you probably won't be super blown away with the quality but I think it's great value for the price given. Would recommend for people on a budget or just anyone who doesn't want to spend a ton on a headboard. Worth the purchase in my opinion!
these were exctly what we wanted and are nice looking
The chair is great for its price. I would recommend it to anyone considering buying it. It's a light (easy to move around) chair. The lower back support feels great, and the seat cushion is decent... could be better... but pretty good for its price. I would recommend it to anyone considering buying it.
I love this product. it was easy to put together and looks cool and super sturdy!
So far so good. Easy to put together and was shipped in one box. Reclines back further then expected and is comfy. Not bad for a price point of $169. Going to be my new napping chair.
These were perfect for a 36" round table I have outdoor. They fit right under. Completely happy with this purchase.
Great product all around.
Amazing stand for the price, can't beat it. My one caution would be to make sure you align the holes and spacers the right way for the mounting bracket (there's definitely a right way and a wrong way to do it) and make sure the screw holes are facing to the outside of the mounts. Aside from that enjoy! Again, great product!
We are very pleased with our mattress! Sleeping much better and not hurting the next morning!
Very happy and pleased with the item. It did more than what we were hoping to use it for in my household. It's a thinner floor liner for those looking for a thick liner, but so far we're extremely happy with it and haven't had any issues. I would definitely order again if I need more in the future.
This was easy to assemble and looks great with all of the black components on it.
Very much enjoying this chair! Easy to put together, comes in two easy parts. Took about 10 min or less total to put together. Love the sleek modern contemporary look. Perfect for small Chicago apartment like mine. Considering getting a second one soon. Very comfortable if you add a throw blanket
Very nice and has a classy look to it. I really enjoy looking at it daily. Great purchase!!!!!!
The colors are perfect on this round rug. I was concerned about the Fuchsia being too bright, but it is beautiful color. I bought this rug for my office/guest room, which we recently painted a very light gray. The rug looks great with the gold and blue accents in the room.
Very sturdy and well made!
love the magnifying mirror and its light helps to see what I need
Love this set. Looks great by my swimming pool. The cushion is soft and comfortable to lie on. The cushions are as comfortable.
These cords were just what I needed to fix my favorite reclining lounger. I'm so glad I was able to easily renew my chair, and save it from going in the trash.
Ordered this rug for my living room ended up getting a great price on deal of the day. Love the softness and elegance with the non linear lines. My dog approves 🐶
Due to a baseboard radiator, I had to return this unit. Material was great and I would have been happy, except for the tiny space issue.
Awesome storage ottoman/bench! The price is great and it's pretty sturdy. It's survived a week of my 4 year old jumping off of it so I'd say it's pretty sturdy. Top is padded enough for a quick sit. Color is great and we'll definitely order another one if this one bites the dust.
I bought 2, these look so cute, great price!
Easy to assemble ,good quality, looks great. Was delivered the next morning.
I put 4 for sturdiness being that is not iron and considering too that products of that kind are not sold anymore; depending on what is made today this fine for metal products.
More of a an expresso than black, but heavy and sturdy. Great for the price.
Bought it for the RV and it's perfect. Two people on the couch can easily use it without hitting each other. Because it's round you can get by without hitting corners.
Have had the sofa for about eight months now. I based the decision to buy this product on the overwhelming positive ratings, price and the product itself. So I will provide my positive comment as well. If it's at your price point, will be used regularly, be subjected to a normal level of abuse, it's the color and size needed then BUY IT. I have zero regrets and it is one of the best furniture purchases I've made. And the fabric does look and feel like leather. Five stars.
The stand is very solid and works well as an end table. The finish is a little darker than depicted in the picture so it doesn't match the rest of our furniture.
What a bargain! Easy to put together and gorgeous. I had been pricing Teak furniture for weeks and this was by far the best deal, the nicest quality and a great find.
Cute perfect for what I needed in a small space. Using them as nightstands in guest room.
Desk is sturdy and just as described. I like the slightly off-white color. Perfect for my craft room!
Almost had to return the product because one of the steel connecting parts was bent so it wouldn't connect. I hit with a wrench until it fell in line XD Other than that the product is exactly as depicted. If you want a low bed and strong, spartan base, get this one. It's not that heavy and I was able to assemble it and move it on my own. There are some anti-slip sticky pads that are supposed to keep the mattress from scooting off the frame. I'm not sure they're necessary but they're painless to apply anyways. The slats are thin but there are many of them. "Jumping" on the bed is safe with this product. ;)
I ordered this and wasn't sure what to expect but it is sleek, sturdy and easy to put together! I am not even sure I'll get a headboard.. I love the contemporary look it gives
A solid piece of furniture! Assembly is a piece of cake, you only have to screw the legs on. The quality makes it look like it costs twice the actual price.
My granddaughter loved it and me for buying it for her..
Very sturdy cart. Only downside is it's a bit pricey. Bought this cart for my mom to do grocery shopping and laundry
My friend recommend this rug pad to me. Well I bought 1 5x8 pad and cut it for the 3 rugs I needed it for. Two of the rugs are on my bamboo floor and used to more around and now they stay put even with the dog running around. The other rug is on my tile floor and moved alot because it had no rubber backing. Now that one stays put too. I would definitely buy again. Good product.
Table is wonderful. Assembled very easily. Looks great and saves us a good amount of space.
We bought a travel trailer and the bed is on a board. So it was quite hard to say the least. This has added a soft comfortable feel and i dont have back pain
Sturdy and compact, easy to set up little table for camping or outdoor set up. Convenient to carry and is well made. Legs seem solid and as long as your not putting too much weight on top of table, it's also solid. Comes in handy for what I use it for every now and then.
This is a fantastic chair. It blends with the color scheme I have going in my room. I love the design and it is very confortable. I would highly recommend !
Great looking set! Would recommend for handsome table and seats
I bought this for my son who has the acne prone skin of his face for almost two years. It's easy for him to use, and he absolutely loves it. And after using it several times, it really does help on certain pimples, which became smaller.
This was a gift for my dad. It was so easy to put together and can support me. I'm not a light weight!
This sewing machine is good for beginners. Its so easy to use, light weight. One more thing I like about this sewing machine is: it can operate using either batteries or electricity.
It is easy to set up, it is great quality, it is super comfortable, also it is the perfect size for my bar, love it!
i like that its comphy
Took some assembly but for the price expect a bit of work. Everything fit, looked great and as a small apartment hobby table excellent!
Arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Thanks!
My son had to sleep over one night, and he used this on my hard floors and said it was very comfortable!
value for money. screws were missing, good gesture my manufacturing company to send it over night
Easy to put together. Great little product.
Came with all parts and was easy to put it together. Very happy with how it looks and how spacious it is.
It's always nerve wracking when you order furniture you haven't seen. This set was amazing! So sturdy and easy to put together. We love them!
Sturdy had all the included parts. I wish the site converted the metric measurements into imperial. Used 2 sets to attach each sectional joint. Very happy.
Very easy to assemble vs. others that are similar. Ended up returning a competitors brand and buying another set of these for my office.
We were looking for small. This one fit, perfect
This is a replacement for the identical item purchased 32 years ago. Speaks to the quality of item.
Good value for the price. Easy to raise up and down.
Frame feels sturdy and was easy to affix headboard.
Love this desk. Perfect for what we needed it for.
Excellent price and customer service! I received the chairs way before I expected! They are pretty but not really heavy/quality furniture, but I didn't expect it to be high end at this price. Good value for the money.
Just bought our second twin size 6” portable memory foam mattress. Love them! So much more comfortable then an air mattress and much more durable. Amazing how comfortable they are for a portable bed. Great for overnight guests.
Great! Works as stated.
Very sturdy and excellent quality. Comfortable and elegant. Extremely happy and would highly recommend!
Sturdy, nice looking. Pretty easy to put together for this old lady. LOL Very pleased with the quality. Plenty of space inside for storage and doubles as a seat.
This tv stand is really sturdy and looks so much better than I thought. When I received it, it came well packaged with alot of Styrofoam and wood around the product so it wouldn't be damaged. It was really easy to put together, probably took me an hour and a half at most. My tv is a 55 inch and fits very well on the stand with a little bit of room left on each side. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a TV stand!
Such a cute design and very sturdy material.
I love the way it looks. It is very sturdy.
Great value - looks beautiful and easy to assemble.
This product is exactly as descried it works well and gives me the freedom to stand while I do my work.
This is a really nice office machine. The backing and seat are very comfortable and it was extremely easy to assemble. This is a good product. I especially like how high the chair is able to go.
Beautiful and great quality. a nice addition to my living room.
Sturdy, affordable and no problems with it. Straight forward assembly. It's sturdy and no squeaking or lose screws. It's great for the price
I couldn't be happier with my Meridian Bed! The velvet is exactly the color I had hoped for. It's a bright green with a blue undertone rather than yellow. I had it professionally assembled and it was ready in an hour. I love it!
Easy set up - assembled by myself in less than 10min. So far so good... we're using a Queen mattress w/ no box spring.
Great addition to my kitchen. Assembly was easy and straightforward. Cabinet space is nice size and drawer is deep. I love it! (Stools not included)
This is a really nice headboard - unfortunately, our cats think it's their litterbox and they've peed on it multiple times. What is miraculous is how this thing absorbs pee! The pee doesn't even drip onto the bed or the pillows! Amazing....I know, it's gross too. But if you're gonna have cats that pee, this is the headboard to get!
These solid, sturdy benches are excellent quality for the money. I ordered four to use as dining seating and had custom slipcovers made. The seat cushioning is very comfortable and holds its shape. The bench storage is an added bonus.
This worked out way better than expected. My daughter moved away for college & we had to furnish her apartment with things that could fit in our car. This came is a small flat box. We also ordered the folding fabric drawers for the bottom. My daughter is very happy. Sturdy & holds a lot.
Beautiful, easy to put together
We were looking for a good-quality mattress for our Guest Room's platform bed. This arrived in a box, complete with a little tool for cutting/removing the wrapper. Almost immediately, the thing began to re-inflate, and was ready for use in a couple of days (and NO odor either). There are 2 sides to this mattress: one Firm and one a softer Memory foam. We positioned the latter. It is extremely comfortable. In fact, if I was looking for a mattress for myself, THIS would be my choice. You can spend a LOT more money at other stores, but THIS one truly is a fantastic value.
Sturdy. Easy to put together. Looks good.
Great black out curtains! Got the navy blue and they work wonderful as i work second shift. By blocking out the light i really think they helped keep my bedroom cool. Very happy with my purchase. They are long enough to cover above and below my standard window
I love this piece! I needed something that would be attractive in a main living space, but would allow me to organize toys and books without all of the traditional bright colors of toy organizers. This piece will grow with us and we're in love! It's very well made and feels very solid.
I'm really pleasantly surprised by the quality of these. Look, it's not fine furniture by any means, but $59 bucks sure buys you a lot more than it used to. Assembly was a snap, which I appreciated after spending nearly a third of my life assembling Allen-wrench furniture. Solid wood legs, one-piece particleboard top with a convincing veneer, and one-piece drawer that won't rattle apart thanks to a billion janky fasteners. Just screw the legs in, and you're done. The finished product is lovely and a welcome addition to our bedroom decor. Would recommend and buy again.
This is a really nice little piece of furniture. We had been looking for something for our daughter's bathroom that would sit next to her sink/vanity. She has just a small sink/vanity and she needed some space for her makeup and hair “stuff”. This was the perfect height and size. We like it a lot!
Easy and quick to install and fit perfectly
This is a 2nd time purchase. I had the previous one for years but my elderly dog peed on it may times so I had to get rid of it. Cleans very easily.
Sturdy, easy to install, good looking, price is right. Definitely deserve 5 stars.
I love it. I have it for my spare room/man cave. Perfect size for my 25 by 15 room. The fabric is also really good. I strongly recommend for a smaller room or get two and you have a perfect set up for a living room.
I LOVE this mattress! I've owned it for 3+ years and it is as comfy as the day I bought it! No issues like others have experienced!
This bed is so comfortable. It is firm and gives me support. My lower back does not hurt at night.
Very nice,as expected.
I can't imagine the more expensive ones are better then this. Great price, glad I picked this one! Its sturdy- holds both my monitors , its spacious. Huge box arrived, thats because its so well packaged. Super easy set up. No regrets! Don't forget the anti-fatigue mat to put under you, my mat is still being shipped, so my feet hurt today!
Very nice contemporary look.
We love this rug! The colors are very cheerful. It is a really nice addition to our tiny living room.
Fit perfect on my mattress. I bought black. I would buy in other colors. I just wish it was a little cheaper though the quality is there.
Love this table! Only issue was trying to clean all the styrofoam.
I love it, sturdy, comfortable, is exactly as Stated. Easy assembly, put it together myself in about 40 minutes! ❤️❤️❤️
Love love this rug !! My daughter and I both have purchased it and we definitely have different taste in decor just goes to show you how universal this rug can be.
Already did a revue.
Beautiful chairs. Just what I wanted. I had a little trouble putting together, but I'm not mechanically inclined. . Otherwise very pleased with this purchase.
I am used to mission furniture being a little light weight but this desk is not at all and quite beautiful. Most of it was already together so I just had to add the legs and sides. real easy. everything fit, lined up and I was done in less than an hour. love the plug in feature and the green felt lined drawer is super classy looking. Great product.
The best watch box out there! Beautifully made and great quality!!!! It comes in a pretty box and a gift message card inside in an envelope. Very luxurious and an unbeatable price! Must buy!!!!!!!
Nice and great for a toy box. My grandsons trains fit in there perfectly
Holds rug in place...great product!!
Came in a great box, guys delivered it and brought it inside the house, so far comfy and everything works great
Love the space this gives for storage underneath the bed. A perfect height! Just buy it!
Mounted mine on the wall for my projector, on the top level. I've got my xbox 360 on the middle level, and a Altec super jacket speaker on the bottom and it holds fine.
This little TV cart is a great value. Well-balanced, easy to move without tipping, does not take up too much space. Nice shelf for remotes. I was planning to get a wall mount, but this is much more convenient, attractive and useful.
Very nice for storing the mattress.
Very sturdy and upscale looking.
It's the only true black over-the-toilet shelving I could fine, and it looks great. It's not heavy duty, but sturdy enough for my purposes. I would definitely buy again.
I love these because I can mount them on the wall the dogs cannot get to my remotes I did use screws because the adhesive does not hold them but still would highly suggest them