After less than a month of wearing these, my kiddo has worn the tread down a ton & the sole is ripping off completely. I know these aren't the most expensive of shoes, but I was planning on getting more than 3 weeks wear out of them.
Item was never received
Got these a few days ago and for $90 I could be a lot happier with them. First of all there's no point having the open toe bcz my toes barely show thru the "peep," maybe a scrap of toenail. I tried to push my toes forward a little bit (bcz w/o them showing a little there's an empty opening & it looks like my toes were amputated. Either make the opening big enough to show some toe or make a closed toe shoe.) But it was difficult bcz the shoes are rather narrow. Finally I got some toe poking thru the opening on both shoes but more on the right than the left. The left shoe is more narrow than the right shoe (not bcz my left foot is slightly bigger than my right, in fact, my left foot is slightly smaller than my right) but I figure maybe I can stretch and widen the left sandal a bit. On the weirder side, the left shoe is tighter but the strap around the back is too loose and slips down my heel. Right foot, the strap fits fine, stays up, and the shoe is wide enough. My conclusion? Somebody owes me $45 or a new left shoe. Not sure if I'll try to deal with it or send them back. I have to get ready to move in a couple of weeks and don't need the hassle of an Amazon return right now. I'm not sure how the leather will hold up as far as scuffing goes. I read all the reviews before buying these and no one said anything about how easily they get scuffed or not. I will say this, if the left sandal fit like the the right one I'd be in hog heaven and completely happy. Even with the toe issue. It stinks cuz I really like these shoes...this shoe, not sure what I'll do at this time. Update: I walked around in the shoes a little trying to decide if I should keep them or not and, like some other reviewers said, I found they dug into the tops of my toes. So I sent them back, too many negatives all around. It took the seller two weeks to issue my refund and only after I complained when 11 or 12 days went by and still no refund. Then they docked my refund almost $6 for return shipping even though Amazon gave me a prepaid return shipping label. So they found a way to make some money off me after all --steal it.
This eyeglasses smells soooo bad. Smell nasty chemical. I would have kept it even if it didn't work for me as other people claimed. I washed them with soap and warm water many times, chemical smell wont go away, so it made me decide to return them.
The boot was way to stiff and uncomfortable.
This is hard as stone! If you want to deform your foot, this is what you buy! I'll return this (hope I still can).
Did not work at all , returning .
Within a week they started to fall apart. Not leather more like plastic
Not the same as photo online!
The shoes are super cute. I love the design. However they are very poorly constructed with the cheapest materials that I have ever felt on a "shoe". Because of this they are VERY uncomfortable. I had to put memory foam insoles in them, bandaids on the inside of the back of them, which has made a difference. But there is still a section that is poking the top of my left foot. Not sure what to do about that. Overall, I love the look but the feel and construction are horrible. Won't be buying them again.
These shoes were not comfortable. They felt unstable.
So disappointed in this product. It was not as pictured. The picture shows a more square bag. The one I received was more slouchy. I purchased it to use for work for a laptop. Theres no way it would fit. I ended up donating this bag.
Item was missing. Had to request a refund.
Absolute junk. They fell apart the first time I wore them. I had been in the pool for 3 or 4 minutes when they started to split at the seam.
I got these not even a week ago and the fur inside of the slipper is already detaching from the slipper. Very disappointed.
Purchased these boots last year and went through Amazon for the price, which was about $75. Loved them...they were cute and fit nicely. But they are no longer wearable as the sole of the boot has pulled away from the base (right boot only). I do not believe that this is an authentic UGG product and believe I purchased a knock-off. It's too late for a refund, obviously. Just wanted to post my displeasure and my disappointment that Amazon is unable to curtail counterfeit dealers.
They didn't fit my frame so mad right now
Way too big! Didn't even test the lights due to product not being true to size. I ordered a 13 in kinds it was more like a 3!
Ordered these twice, both times didn't receive the size I ordered. Twice returned. Too bad because I loved the shoe
I'm sorry I cannot try the shoes since Amazon Logistics Epic Fail! Item never delivered, and denial of Amazon on providing a proof of delivery. No refund nor the willingness to deliver. Amazon indicates to send an email to their Customer Service with a proof of non reception from The Freight forwarder, but no reply after 4 times no reply at all. Not buying again from Amazon!
Did nothing for night glare. Waste of money.
Sizing is way off, its a guessing game to find shoes that fit. There is no help with sizing, no contact info for the seller and it doesn't seem like they can be reached. Terrible buying experience, would give 0 stars if I could.
These shoes are for sitting only. Every step you take you can feel the heel bending in. Super cute but god are they uncomfortable.
Returned it. Inner lining is very low quality.
Having had good luck with another brand of inexpensive purse on Amazon, was excited to see this handbag arrive. Unfortunately, it is made from extremely thin/cheap material and poorly constructed as well. I observed loose stitches right out of the packaging and the material is very insubstantial. Returning immediately. It's a shame because the "look" of it -size, shape, etc. - is quite attractive in the photo.
What I received were not the width nor the length of what I ordered to fit my boots. Very disappointed.
Unless you are 100% 200% that the size you order will fit your foot do not purchase from this company. I ordered 2 pairs trying to get right fit, I love Crocs. Being they don't offer 1/2 sizes I ordered one pair that was tight around toes and one pair next size up that was slipping on my heals. I lost $20.00 on restock fees and paid for return shipping. Shoes were never wore and returned right after fitting and in perfect condition.
Actually i didnt want to put no star because i bought it less than one month
**UPDATE: the other sole blew out on me after 4 months. I'm having to use gorilla glue to salvage these shoes until I buy a new pair** These are not for wide feet. My little toe is not a fan. One star because I've worn them for less than 2 months, and the sole is already separating from the shoe.
I loved the boot when received,but as soon as I wore them in rainy weather the boot fell apart. It seems like the rubber sole is coming a loose and the foot insert is non existing it totally shocked me for a boot that's maybe 3 months old. Don't wear them outside.
Terrible. I got a used pair in the mail. So much for new. Someone's greasy eyebrows were still on them.
They suck not even worth returning so some other sucker buys them. Way too small had no traction
We have not received the package. Please return our money
My daughter always has worn a size 10. For the first time, they were too small. Unfortunately, I have now waited too long to return, but we have never had a problem from other Amazon sellers for a size 10 sandal. These will have to be discarded and we will just have to find a more accurate Amazon seller with the correct size.
Hi i am still waiting to receive my order. please advise regarding Thanks and regards, Gal
I purchased these for my daughter for Christmas. We were out of town for the holidays - warm weather - so she didn't get to wear them right away. She loved the boots and worn them a few times. Within the first month of wear - worn only a few times - the seam on the right boot came completely out. Now she is afraid to wear them since she is worried the entire boot is going to split at the seam. She has worn them so few times, there isn't even wear on the bottom. Horrible quality for the high price.
Bought as a new one, but it was used! Verry disappointed!
Ordered for my husband. . He can't wear them they hurt his feet so bad by the end of the day he is dragging his legs at first thought he needed some break in time wore for a month an I had to buy him other shoes.. very disappointed
Just got these and the whole heel came off of one of the shoes the 2nd time I wore them. Fit fell but unfortunately broke, disappointed because I really liked them.
I hope you love the ones you by from this company and that it flatters your face without trying them on even once because they do not offer any returns. They look nice but they look awful on the shape of my face. But I guess I'm stuck with a pair of sunglasses I can't wear.
Received sunglasses instead :(
Ordered this item two weeks ago and never received it , you would think Amazon would know that and stop asking me to rate a product that I never received .
Not like the original one
I have normally always purchased my Bates at a local boot store.i sought out the same exact brand I have always gotten and the fit is totally off. My feet hurt at the end of my shift. I will not order these online again.
Disgusted and disgusting!!! Amazon sent me a pair of worn shoes. Not only were they worn, they still had skin residue inside!! ABSOLUTELY GROSS! The box was beaten to smithereens and even had a hole in it. The top was secured by a rubber band. I have had great experiences shoe shopping with Amazon in the past, but this order has me leary from ever purchasing shoes again. I would give it a -0 if I could!
My child loved these shoes. Wore them around the house to make sure they fit before a beach trip. First time wearing them outside velcro that is stitched on pulled off when taking them off to dump sand out of them. Useless.
after only two months, the outside handle on the bag broke!! This is shoddy work and a waste of money.
Returned and again was shipped with a smaller size. Dont order!
They are just as expected, great value
Looked very cheap and had a very chemical smell
cute shoes but way to wide for my narrow feet
Not sure what happened. Product shows shipped 18 days ago and has not arrived. It appears that the amount has been refunded, so I believe they cancelled the order.
I have worn these shoes two times and the stitching is completely coming apart.
These are incredibly cheap as far as cheap sunglasses go. I knew they obviously wouldn't be anything nice since they're so low-priced, but they are surprisingly cheap quality. Very flimsy, feel like they could fall apart at any moment. I wouldn't recommend to anyone, you're much better off heading to your local Target and getting a cheap pair of sunglasses that'll last a lot longer.
I have these less than 6 months and they are falling about!
It's not comfortable at all the heel hurt my foot I can't wear it all day
The bag was good to look at but unfortunately, it stank. I tried saddle soap, several different internet cures, leaving outside in the cold for several days. Nothing worked. It still smelled like rotting meat. It's out in the garage. I wanted to return it, but the seller is in another country so returning it is more expensive than just throwing it away.
Too green. Luck of the Irish green.
Very disappointed.The bag is not the size that s portrayed in the description. I do not not believe it is genuine leather, there is no marking on the in side of the bag that all true leather bags have. Also the color is not a dark blue, it is more of a royal blue. Will not be ordering any-other bags from this company
I have always worn the Fanning and have always loved them but this pair I received was so tight I couldn't even get my foot in it. I missed my return time and now I am stuck with these things and can't even comfortably get my foot in it.
Most uncomfortable shoe insoles I've ever purchased. Literally feels like there are rocks on the bottom of the soles. Extremely painful/uncomfortable.
poor quality, returned it
I just received the purse after 2 days black large. And it is BEAUTIFUL not cheap looking, I did read the reviews about the chain breaking Im scared to wear it :( but I will repost If it does.
Received order on time. Put them on felt great! I thought these were a great fit for me. I have had them for exactly 32 days and the right foot is coming apart. Left foot looks to be close to on it's way. Only buy these if you are looking change them out monthly. And at the price I would expect do much more!
I didn't receive shoe
Poor delivery. Expected a 2 day delivery, it shows the item is already delivered but it is held in a post office 6 miles away from my place for pick up. I would rather bought it from Target which is closer than the post office
We received this product today. It came in a regular shipping bag and no other packaging, the case doesn't line up, won't close all the way and the liner is torn. I went to return it and it says it is not eligible for return. This is ridiculous and I would not recommend it.
I bought these shoes for my daughter and my daughter loved it as they look good in rainbow colors but these shoes broke in less than 5 months. I never expected this from SKETCHERS. Really disappointed. Not worth buying.
Okay so I dont know what the heck are all those reviews saying the shoes are good. I've been wanting these shoes for MONTHS; I've been doing my research, going back and forth from Keen, Chacos, Teva, etc. and these shoes had the best reviews every saying they were amazing right... wrong (Trump's voice). Now keep in mind, I am an aquarist therefore I spent 8-10 hr shifts getting my feet wet, going up and down ladders, outside, inside, you name it.. so I need a closed toed sandal to do the job. I ordered half a size bigger - great choice because even at that the shoe was tight. First hour at work, I had a blisters all over my heels. Second hour at work, I slipped on DRY rocks while cleaning aquarium. Third hour, I slipped on a teeny weeny itty bitty bit of water while carrying an 8 foot ladder. - not pretty at all. I had to actually take off the shoes to be able to go up and down ladders safely. I was so excited for this product but see ya never Teva. Wouldn't recommend this shoe if you are planning to get even a drop of water in front of your path.
Runs small size up- ordered a 9 had to reorder a 10
The clips are not wide enough to clip on my visor. Also, the case is too thin for my glasses ☹️
Terrible these came on a bag smushed. Extremely bent an uncomfortable. Very very cheaply made.cant give 0 stars so they're lucky they got one.
Terrible quality. They are not flexible like the originals of my Brooks running shoes. Laces are of a harsh material.
My husband thought these were really cute slippers and the price was right but sadly they were too small/narrow. With all of the lovely memory foam inside the slipper, we suggest an accommodation needs to be made for a comfortable out of the box experience for the wearer. Hubby considered ordering a bigger size but decided against it since he was in his standard size [he does not have a wide foot] and felt the problem would continue regardless of the size.
Cute to look at but my 3 year old son started wearing them and in one week they were leaning to one side and loosing the shape. So disappointed!
Never received my item but money was taken out of my account
My foot slid around in this shoe. The elastic fabric is too flexible, too stretchy.
For the first tI'm ordering online Rockports I got a pair that was not satisfactory. Unfortunately I cannot wear this shoes because it is very uncomfortable.
Boots less than 2 months old and falling apart.
Loved the look and size but the side hooks for the shoulder strap are only glued on, not stitched. Mine came off after a week.
I do not like this purse, just a personal thing. Want to return it but when I tried it said its non-returnable! I just received it today!
product is too flimsy
Junky. Poorly made.
Didn't last but a half a day
The buckle is terrible.
These glasses came bent and crooked.
The UGGs did not match. The left was too long. The right was too tight; This is the second time I have returned UGGs for pretty much the same issues. I have purchased UGGs in the past and they were great. But not these passed couple of times. I love these darn things but can't seem to get a fit online, and at the store they don't carry wide sizes. What to do??
This shoe didnt even come in a box and it was a gift. It even had scratches on the shoe and I just put it in the trash.
Never received Shipping problem
these boots had such promising reviews, but after wearing these for only the third time, both my feet are soaked and the seam of one boot is visibly split. definitely do not recommend.
These were a gift for my mum. I sent them to her unseen. She thought they were hiking boots! Thank goodness for amazon returns! EASY AS PIE!! Sorry for the bad review...but slippers are supposed to be light, soft and flexible.
This wallet was cheaply made and the zipper was wonky so I returned it. Apparently I forgot some cards and an old family photo in the wallet when I returned it. The wallet was marked as new and resold. I know this because the kind soul who thought they were buying a new wallet used the info from the items I left behind and found me on Facebook. Beware of this seller and the practices of Amazon.
They arrived with the arms being bent. It's smushing my head. Tighter than children's glasses. Can't even return it. Sad.
Had to return. I wear size 9 1/2 and the size 10 was way too small!! My daughter wears an 8 1/2 and she could get her foot in the slipper!!!
The shoe is cute but to small for my wide foot. I also did not like that the seller sent it thought the mail when I have prime. It on the way back home to the seller. No I will do business with this seller again. I will not wait 3 days for shoe to come thought the mail when I have prime. I liked the shoe it was cute, but not wide. I do whish they had it in a wide size
The gold color doesn't look gold at all.
Not happy with this purchase. One side of the bunny looks cute, the other side looks odd. I think it's the way it was sewn, also the ears are attached closer to the neck they lie flat and can't tell that it's a bunny.
Tennis shoes does not reflect what material was used to make shoe. Man made my r leather? So stiff
Way too awkward and big
No where in the description does it say with side zipper. No picture of side zipper either. Complete waste of my time. Will return. I wanted a lace up boot, not a zipper boot. Disgusted. Need to update information to include full description of the boot. As for fit, couldn't say, didn't try them on as I HATE zipper boots.
Never received. Lost package
This is the first low review I've had to give on here! I received these slippers and they truly look like they've been sitting unwrapped in a dirty warehouse! They're dirty(supposed to be blush pink more like grey) the packaging is upside down and looks to have been redone. I bought these knowing they were not high priced but still they look kind of gross so I will be sending back.
I did not receive this item
This is a dress that was slapped together quickly in China. Very poor stitching quality and the attention to detail (like making sure seams lie down and patterns meet) is low. Save yourself time & money and skip this dress!
This item was in neither package delivered 😢
Don't waste your money on these low quality garbage slippers. They are way too big and wide. I wear a 7.5 and these were like an extra wide 8.5.
Bought 4 of these in different colors worst buy I ever made they are very poorly made and rip after one day of packing it please save your self some time and money and dont order
These fit way tighter then others I've owned!
Not good for a school aged child. Wouldn't fit a regular folder with brads.
This is by far the worst boot I've ever owned. I would never recommend this boot for any type of work environment. I bought these in January of 2018 and they tread separated from the sole in less than 3 months. It's like walking in clown shoes. They deformed and bowed to the point my feet are aching all day. I will never own another set of caterpillar boots.
I won't be buying this brand again. I have plantar fasciitis and this does not work for me. I wanted to try this brand coz of the reviews.
Fell apart!! Stitching is bad! Save your money!
My husband bought these to replace a pair of Sketchers that were worn out. He just started wearing them two weeks ago. They fit well, but today the front top of the right shoe separated from the side. Most of the stitching completely missed connecting the top to the sole. The only thing holding it together in the front is the lining. No way to repair them and can't wear them. Will not buy Sketchers again!
Never received item and no response about shipment
Very unhappy with my purchase. The seems are coming apart right out of the box. There is a crease near the toes and the bottom of the shoes are scuffed. These shoes have been worn before and I can not believe they didn't do a quality check before sending the shoes out.
These were cute, my granddaughter loved them, BUT it only took 1 WEEK for the toe to rip open at the toe.
I have many crocs and I have never had any of them bow! Pictures up for reference. I wear 9/10 in crocs depending on the style. Really confused about these. I want to love them but I can't even like them 😢 I think if I went up a size they would be too big. The length is perfect I cannot say about the width due to the bowing. I'm going to return. So disappointed
The handle broke easily.
One of the arm's screw fell out when I took it out of the package. Now I have to go get them repaired when I haven't used them.
The description is totally deceiving! This is not a leather bag! Only a 3-inch strip pn the back is "faux"leather. The rest of the entire bag is nylon. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Wore the boots for two weeks. these are the most uncomfortable boot ever. I added insoles , trying to make them more comfortable. It did not work.
Vera Bradley fan. Stitching is a bit off/worn. Very disappointed.
Update: I've had this bag for 5 months it is now missing all zippers and the fabric on the inside is coming undone. I have been super careful since it started falling apart but nothing is helping! What a waste of money because now I have to start over! I've had this bag for 3 months and it's already falling apart! It's a gorgeous bag but the zippers are constantly coming off when trying to zip the bag. On the inside the elastic for the insulated pocket has snapped off and is unusable now. Not worth it for the money for only 3 months
Screws fell out!!! Total junk
The bottom of shoes are broken after frist day use, I wear size 7.5 but shoes is size 8 still little small, I don't know if I still can return this product
They gave me blister on back right heel after one hour wearing them. And they squeak so loud in the office. Terrible. I thought crocs were comfortable?
Too small for my face
Very, very narrow. Uncomfortable!!!
My size is 11.5 and I could not even get my foot inside the shoe so I gave them to a friend who has a smaller foot size and he says he likes them.
The size is way small
I jog 25 miles per week in NYC; I always run in cheap Saucony Jazz sneakers. I thought it was time for an upgrade; and assumed ASICS would be supportive and comfortable. I was wrong. These shoes are horrible. No ventilation and gave me knee pain. It feels as if you are fighting against the shoe as you jog.
Did not hold up well at all
Poor quality poor fit
Too small for feet, I will rather you go on bigger size when ordering these product
Never received my purse
Pretty sure this is a fake. It fits weird, like my arch doesn't line up at all. The stitching is off as well. I purchased the size 7 and picked up the 7.5 from Nordstrom, what a change. These just look different! Really disappointed, and wish I could get my money back.
So i ordered these shoes in October and have never received these shoes yet. I had to contact the seller who had no answers for me and no way to track down. I did get a ref d, but why are they still selling their products on Amazon if nobody receives their products.
Really uncomfortable on the ball of the foot
Ordered 11.5 EE. But the shoe fits like a 9.5 D. Obviously no attention to detail since the shoes have been miss marked.
Why do these run so small?? I'm a size 8 but size 10 fits?! Its odd. I think these are for kids.
These could be perfect, but they must have been packaged incorrectly and are molded on the front. Not what I'd expect for this price and brand.
Stains all over the left shoe fresh out of the package. Very disappointed
Shoes fit a little loose, not too bad. I definitely could've dealt with the looseness if they didn't fall apart the second time I wore them. I might have gotten a total of 12 hours out of these shoes before the sole on the left one started coming loose, then fell off completely. Disappointed because I bought these to go with my Halloween costume which I had to wear to work twice, and I still have to wear it to take my son trick or treating this weekend so now I have to go out and find another pair of shoes that will work.
The opening was too tight. Top handle too short/small. Shoulder strap too flimsy. Puff decoration too small. Purse is cheap and it shows. Had to return it.
These only lasted a few weeks before they were leaking in water and had damage on th interior that made them too uncomfortable to wear. I didn't even use them that much.
Canceled this bag set and Amazon said it was canceled and my money refunded but hey they didn't cancel and I didn't get back my money.
too narrow too small returning....
The only reason I give these shoes a one rating is because when I wore them I was a fish bit me twice on the foot due to the bright colors reflecting in the water and thinking it was coral. After I took the shoes off I was fine! So don't buy a bright flashy color if you plan on wearing them in the ocean! Otherwise they were a great fit and I wish I would have purchased a neutral or black color instead!
I order small size and received extra large! Now I have to pay to return them, and until then they will refund my money. They made the mistake, and I have to fix it? They should send me the right size I order, and apologize for the inconvenience.
Very poor quality. I wore them for 3 hours and there was already a crease at the tip. You get what you pay for. Shipping was quick.
The bag was so tiny i had to give it to my 3 year old
Wouldn't recommend...poor quality, broken in one month
Sizing is not close to reality. Ordered a men's 9.5 and received a woman's.
Not comfortable at all. Fit way too big and are very stiff. Tossed in the garbage.
I was sent the wrong shoes. I ordered the high tops. I was sent the low tops.
We read that this boot was waterproof. It is not. Hubbies feet were soaked
Glitter comes off on everything. Not worth it's price.
Ordered this because of the great reviews. Unfortunately, mine came completely broken - front latch hanging on by one screw and rear hinge loose (looks like the screws split the wood). See pictures. Other than that it seems like a nice kit.
Sandals arch support is uncomfortable. To return them company charged me the return shipping cost. I have Never paid shipping to return any item to Amazon. I contacted Amazon directly and they refunded me the money that the company charged me for return shipping I will never buy from this company again
This is a very beautiful purse it breaks very easy and is hard to open it is made of very cheap parts and I wouldn't recommend
hate these supports. not as advertised. sorry that I ordered them.
My package never arrived. I contacted the seller, who told me to "call the post office". NO willingness to correct the situation. I won't use this seller again. Utterly disappointed.
Wont stay put in shoe. I actually get wrinkles in them when I try to slip my foot in my shoe. The packaging it was boxed up in smelled like garlic when I opened it. I will not purchase again. Plus my feet are finding zero relief. I'll stick to my pricier orthotics for sure.
Shoes are not good or comfortable as advertised I wouldnt recommend these shoes. They are not good and did not last me. I used them for work and on its fourth month of use it has a hole on the side.
Did not even last a week at work before they got a crack near the toe and my sock started getting wet. Will be sending back. Don't buy if you actually work for a living
this was like a purse for a 8 year old girl, I was really disappointed in the purchase
It says leather shoe in description but there is none all man made material. I would not buy these avoid at all cost. I used 2 day and starting to smell and I never had odor issues in my life. I would return if I had not used....
Sandal strap broke within 2 weeks of use. Could not submit a refund since I was on vacation.
I bought these in July for my son who is a mechanic and they are already falling apart. For 100.00 they should last longer than that. Keen has a 1 year warranty but I don't know if amazon is an authorized seller for the warranty to be applied.
I bought these as a Christmas gift for my daughter. Gave them to her this morning. They have already come apart at the seams. She was crushed and I was embarrassed. I plan to try to mail them back tomorrow and certainly hope I don't have any trouble returning them. Definitely a disappointed customer.
I recieved wrong product. That is Wrong size and Wrong color. I refund it.
Do not purchase. The tote I received was a knock-off. Super disappointed! I bought this bag while going through a terrible time, hoping it would shed some light. Do not buy.
Cheap quality came apart the first day.
Never received my product. The delivery date keeps getting postponed.
Nose-Pad Arm Breaks Easy. Where's The Guarantee. I liked the product but how does one return to ThinOptics without a hassle.
Size down. I ordered a size 9 and fit like a 10. Wanted to return but dog ate the box lol. Super cute but run big. I was going to send back but dog ate shoe box lol.
We bought these for my daughters dance recital and they were pre worn! Dirt in the treads and Converse symbol was distorted. Very disappointing for paying full price.
The sole of the shoe fell apart and it was dangerous to continue using them. I just ordered and received a replacement but I would like to to be reimbursed for my purchases. Thank you for your consideration
The boot did not hold up for me soul came apart after a month tried to return but my 30 warranty had just expired.
These sunglasses are cute for fake Ray Bans, but after less than 30 minutes the inflexible hard nose piece digs into one's nose.
Sole of sandal came unglued after 4 weeks of use. Very unsatisfied with the quality when I'm so use to a high standard from Rainbow.
The shoes steel toe cut into the top of your toes, there is no flexibility, Yet called work boot? When you tighten the laces the tongue cuts into the top of your foot. Unfortunately I wore them for a couple of days until I found this out and now can't return them... Not recommended!!!
The shoes look nice and fit fairly well, although I would have liked a wider shoe. I was replacing some worn out Crocks, which are much thicker at the sole. These shoes are not suitable to walk on any rocks or even the occasional pebble that is in a smooth path. They would never be suitable to wear on rough ground. Thorns would penetrate my Crocks, so a grass bur would probably penetrate this shoe.
The top dispenser on this won't stay on. It popped off the first time I opened it and won't go back on
Product was shipped but returned to seller by shipper because it was damaged.
It was not what I ordered nor the right size.
Arch is placed strangely far back on the insole. Opened a return request only to find that the item is supposedly not eligible for return - even though the listing says prime shipping and free returns. So disappointed.
Shoe arrived damaged! The shoe was separating from the sole. It may have been dry rotted. Or, poorly constructed. I retuned them and spent a little more money for a sturdier pair from a different company!
Really bad for your feet and back since there is no heel support.
I was so excited for the boots to arrived, but i received a different boot that the one in the picture. I will be returning. Will not buy from this seller again-- pretty dissapointed :(
From 10 feet away people can see your eyes. Don't buy.
Is to slippery on the rocks or hiking
I wear a size 10 in every shoe and this pair is a lot looser for being a size 10. I had to get my own insoles. The most uncomfortable shoes to wear if u are on your feet all day. At least putting in insoles took up some space and not so loose now. Extremely disappointed with comfort.
It was packed with a plastic drink bottle with fluid still in it. Yuk.
I sent these sneakers back and asked for sizing help. I have not gotten any. I also am supposed to get a refund and have waited the required 10 days and still haven't seen it. When will you respond?
I was so excited about this shoe. It is exactly what I was looking for. They are so narrow! There is no way that I could comfortably wear this shoe. So bummed as I couldn't find anything else like this on the market.
Very poorly made. Pretty in color but all broke with in a month of wearing. One broke within a week
I have average calf's. Nothing wide or too large. These boots will not zip up. If your legs are not skinny then please do not order.
I thought it would have more room in it
Never received item.
Very cheap looking shoe. Too wide. Plasticky Very deceiving.
Wrong item, it's ridiculous I cannot use it because we are not allowed to wear it. It's my second order ,but the second which delivered was go walk.
I would the M fit like size 7, & L fit like 8.5. I wear 7.5 shoes & cant fit either one. Since they shipped from China, u only get a small % of refund. I think seller is reasonable, u need to be sure before u order it
Hello, I returned your shoes since first of June and I don't understand why so far nothing happened. I am going to complain to the Amazon about what happened and I still waiting for refund.
POORLY MADE FALLS APART AND CUSTOMER SERVICE IS A NO STAR RATING
I immediately returned this wallet. It was a fake and you could tell right away. Wouldn't recommend buying from them.
This was the third pair that I returned because they did not fit (the first two pairs were the same size). I received a full refund for those, but not for these! I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM, AGAIN!!! EVER!
Way too narrow, hurt my temples and have headaches
Bought a pair for me and another for my husband. Women's fit was a bit small. The whole time we used them, the bottom insert was constantly working it's way out. When taking them off, we realized that our toenails were stained brown from the color rubbing off inside the shoes. Gross! Threw them away after first use.
It was way to small toes were sticking way out need to get bigger size
came without the dust bag 😞
I ordered the low top shoes and got the high top shoes. I decided to just wear them but that wasn't what I wanted.
Shiny like grey black shiny spots. Car broke down so couldn't return so was unable to do a return hoping they fit a friend who might like them. Said they were black ... I think the wrong ones may have been sent.
These are the warmest and most comfortable slippers I have ever had. With that being said, I have had them 1 week and they are already falling apart.
Doesn't stick, falls down, frustrating. Regrettable purchase. Sad buyer.
It is like wearing baggies on your feet
Poor material, did not hold up in work environment for very long. Less than 60 days before the material separated from the uppers material.
Too small and i ordered a size too big
I bought these for my wife as a Christmas gift and the lining is already coming apart on one of the slippers. That is less than 2 months of use. Unacceptable. Unfortunately my return window has closed, time to contact Bearpaw.
These are way too narrow for even an average size head. Of course there are no dimensions provided so you just have to order them and take your chances.
Too small to be any useful
Much to small and narrow
The product is very good but the delivery ruins the other four stars.
This is the ugliest purse I ever bought. I was ready to return it, but my puppy chewed on the leather and I doubt they'll take it back. It's heavier than I thought it would be too.
This is the worst flip flop I have bought. Got it for my husband he started using them not even a month ago, maybe 4-6 times for a little while and you can see. Very disappointed.
Garbage. The sole of the show is hard plastic with no flex at all. The whole thing looks like it was glued together with Elmer's school glue an hour before it arrived to my door. So these are gonna be a no from me, dawg.
These glasses feel cheap and are crooked on my face. One side rattles like it's not very secure.
It gave me really bad blisters
Got these for my husband and they're falling apart after just 3 months. Lining wearing out already and the stitching is coming undone. Minnetonka's use to be a good brand years ago but now made in China. Don't waste your money on these!
Never received it!!!!
What ever size you are go up 2 sizes
Cute shoe but Amazon sent me the wrong size and they don't have the size I ordered in stock
I ordered this on July 12th and today, August 23rd, the strap broke completely off.
Did not fit. Arms are too short.
WHAT IS PICTURED IN THE PICTURES IS THE WRONG SHOE . THE SHOE IN THE PICS HAS MEMORY FOAM INNERSOLES. THESE DO NOT AT ALL. DO NOT BUY THESE
the slippers were great ,until I wash them the whole soul & foam feel out of each of the slippers, useless now!
Good looking cheap shoes if you're into buying new shoes every three months...
This spray must only be for dress shoes that are hardly outside. I sprayed my boots and three days later my boots are soaked from snow. Do yourself a favor and if you are looking for waterproof and stain proof spray for your work boots stay away from this junk. Terrible product and way over priced.
The material is so thin that it looks like cheap plastic. They don't look for feel like they would hold up well for more than a few months.
These shoes fall apart at the toes. Damaged in 1-2 days of use by my kids.
Material on the top of the toe is defective. It cracks easily.
I've always bought Skechers but this show by far is the worst! The fit is good, but the comfort sucks!! Halfway thru my day and my feet hurt. I feel like these are fake Skecher shoes!!!
Did not like how they felt on. They were a normal fit, but walking around in them was not comfortable
These shoes look super cute but they are by far one of the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever owned. I have given it plenty of chances but the backside just keeps cutting into the skin and mid-way through the day I end up regretting wearing it. Would absolutely not recommend them for more than 2 hours wear.
Quality was not what I expected of Birkenstocks. Visible messy glue all over sandles. Seemed like they may either be fake or 'seconds'. Box completely distroyed.
Haven't receive my item
I ordered two sizes above and I could still not even fit my foot in.
I received a bootleg version of these. Not even with a Dr Scholl label or box.
Really comfortable at first. Three months later I started to have issues with my foot. Unexplained pain...Felt like gout or bone spur. As time went on my foot would be fine, then pain. Lots of it. i thought maybe I had diabetes and this was a symptom. Turns out it was the left boot..Not sure what the issue is. It felt like it fit fine, but it didnt. Turns out my co worker had the same boots and same size. low and behold the same type of foot pain. I bought a cheaper set of boots (dickies ) No pain anymore. Not sure why Timberland has gone down hill wit the quality....Ive been buying a pair a year from them for over 10 years. never a problem before.
The toe part was very wide mane good for wide feet
I have told you several times that the item I ordered did not come as it was suppose to. I only received one 1 heel. Not two that it should have been. I have returned to you the item that was shipped and expect a full refund. Item should have been received by your mail room last Monday, January 7, 2019.
SELLER SENT A USED SHOE AND THE WRONG SIZE
Very cheaply made. One of the glasses came off after wearing them about 5 times. I liked the shape though.
Looks horrible on the heel.
Wasn't happy with the quality of the shoe it looked pretty cheap didn't fit my feet at all I have a little wide foot so I returned it
Way too small for the money!
ordered for a PGA event but I cannot get over this smell. we washed it many times and dried it out and it's still awful. 1 star for cuteness
Loved the style and colors of the shoes This pair of shoes have fallen apart! Only have worn them 3 times! I am so not happy But missed the return window
Not what I paid for. The Positive: The shoe fits good and was comfortable. The Negative: hard to get shoe on even with side zip without loosening the laces. I wouldn't have a side zip if I wanted to need with laces. Have only been wearing for 2 months and not even everyday. The soles are already separating. This is a huge disappoinment considering almost all my shoes are UA. Will debit be looking for something else.
I was so excited to get these, literally haven't had a pair of tennis shoes for probably over a year. Now I have to wait a long time to get the right actual pair and it's very disappointing. Not to mention, when you have anxiety, going to the post office to return things isn't exactly the easiest thing to do. Extremely annoyed and disappointed.
The material it was made out of is too thin for slippers. I slid out of them very often.
Very disappointed in this purchase. For the price of the product, insoles should not warp after one wear. Not the quality I would expect from Cole Haan. Do not recommend...
The prisms are incorrectly positioned/spaced. Unlike other readers these may give you headaches and blurred vision for a short time after use.
This shoe was highly recommended snd that is why I bought it. I found it to be very uncomfortable.
This sizing is way off . You order a 10 little kid and they send you a 7 little kids . Come on!! The fact that the sizing is so off is very disturbing. Dont waste your time ordering, if they cant fix the sizing chart with so many reviews .
Shoe fit appropriately but I haven't even worn them for a full two months and there are holes wearing in the mesh. They are my work shoes and get worn a maximum of three times a week for 12 hours at a time. Definitely disappointed
I loved these for 2 weeks...and then the entire sole ripped off! I am beyond bummed because these really were comfortable and what I needed. But the quality was not reliable. I walk in the city, so these got a lot of use in little time, but should have lasted much longer.
Cute glasses, unfortunately the temple broke on one pair wore once!!!!!
I ordered the black cat eye sunglasses and I received 3 things of matte eyeshadow instead. Shipping was fast, but I didn't receive what I ordered and the worst part is I can't find information to contact the seller.
I order siza 6, i received size 1 for kids
I wear a 7 1/2 and these were huge!!
Lost stone in first week
I'm living in northern Iraq, I just got my Skechers this week, I used it twice and see what happened! I was very disappointed with the quality of this product. Since I am away, I am not able to make a return.
Do not buy from this seller...it's a nightmare to return their products
The shoe looks nice but is too small and VERY uncomfortable. This is the first size 7 I've ordered online that didn't fit, and I've ordered many shoes online.
The bag was perfect. The bag is black. The strap was brown. Please send me a black strap or I will be force to return it for full refund. The bag looks terrible with the wrong strap
No comfort at all. Also it is slippery and not safe at all.
Ordered a 9.5 and they sent a size 11. I will be sending them back
Product was fine execpt they sent me something completely from what i order. And the refund took forever. So here i was wearing my old shoes longer than i need it because the seller was being a jerk.
Never receive anything
Terrible experiences with this seller sent 3rd time the wrong product, unbelievable.
Holes in the foam interior just after the return window closed
I don't have big calves-- shapely-- but not big. unless your calves are sticks-- these will be too small.
Horrible. Don't purchase from these folks. Their description is a lie and misleading. These advertise as WIDE shoe laces. Look at the comparison pics I took with the original standard laces that came on my Adidas. If I wanted the same size as the standard, I wouldn't have wasted $7 on these crappy frauds.
Pure crap...I used it a couple weeks and the handle ripped away from the bag. I trashed it and won't buy from them again.
Never received package.
The upper rubber has a part that comes apart, so I returned it. The second one, the replacement in the same pattern, had that rubber almost falling apart, so in time it will. I would not purchase this particular item, this design, again. It is the rubber part around the edges, a small part and when it has a lot more use, it will be worn, and then to the trash. However, replacement and refunds are very fair! PS, the second one had thread falling apart in one of the diamonds. I kept it, which I normally would not do. But I would not purchase it, again, in other patterns. It looks tacky.
Was not as big as I thought. I was unable to use it.
These are cute but super squeaky if you like sounding like sponge bob when you walk. They also wear and tear super fast.
I ORDERED SIZE 13 AND THE TAGS CONFIRMS THAT, BUT I CAN NOT FIT IN TO THEM. THEY MUST BE MORE LIKE SIZE 11 1/2 . I HAVE TO RETURN THEM TO SENDER, AND TRY AGAIN.....
I couldn't use this product. The packaging was inadequate and the polish arrived with the lid broken into 4 pieces. I returned it.
These sunglasses are not polarized. Very disappointed.
These were cozy and comfortable at first. Squishy and supportive to walk around in, then after two weeks, they just stayed squished and were no longer comfortable or supportive.
These slippers are total junk. They started falling apart after only one month of indoor use. Now I know why they were so cheap. I'll never buy these again. I have no idea why people rated these so high.
Very disappointed with these shows. They are totally uncomfortable. After 15 min of running they rub my feet in a way I was not able to run. No way I buy them again.
Funny you would think a deck boot would be more slip resistant. They're definitely better for the outdoors and non slippery surfaces.
I never got the item, where did you guys exactly put it?
Ordered this item n I haven't received r got my money back
Purse seemed fine. It was about the right size, all zippers worked fine, and I loved the number of pockets. The inside pockets tended to gape open if anything was in them so I only used the zippered ones. Then the loop that held the shoulder strap on broke. I've used the purse daily for less than two months. I never overloaded it. The stitching just came apart while I was walking. I will not get another one.
Junk. Junk. Junk. Split in half in less than a month, making it useless. Cutout is too small to properly fit a boot heel in. Wish I could give negative stars.
Comfortable but only lasted 3 months
I never got them and it shows that thy where delivered and don't know who to call
Never received this and the Amazon driver marked delivered and left in mailroom... no such thing as a mailroom at a house. And the driver marked delivered to the non-existent mailroom... while I was home. In other words, stolen by the driver. Amazon did refund my purchase, but I would have preferred my hiking boots and socks. Now I'm afraid to ever order with Amazon again.
These are the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever worn.
Wrong size. Too difficult to return. Got shoe size from seller. Too big. Had to print too many docs to return. Cost me $10.95 at UPS Store to return $11 item.
Bought in May of 2019 and the blue coating is coming off.
Extremely slow shipping!! Had I known it was going to take so long I'd of purchased from someone else.
Ordered these as a gift for my mom and they're pretty awful. They stink like burnt rubber, they don't break in at all and hurt the ankles, and they're super ugly.
Do not buy from this seller!! I ordered a 10.5 and was sent a size 45. That's a size 12! They were crammed in the box so tight that the ankle portion hasn't permanently wrinkled. I am beyond disappointed with this item.
These looks good. That's about it. I've had mine for 2 months and the inside by the outer edge near my pinky toes on both shoes has torn up. As in, large chunks ripped out. How does that even happen? The cushion pad is useless now, and stopped being useful about a month in.
Horrible product lenses seem to have a haze to them poor visibility when I put them on my Oakleys I would not recommend to my worst enemy
this shoe is not true to stated size of 44. much to big and wide and long. weird
These failed within a year. Used perhaps a few dozen times. Not worth the low price. They're essentially disposal.
Normally I'm a perfect 6 but these were too small 😐
I've worn these shoes about 10x and have slick spots on the already. I have off brands that lasted 6 months. Not these
Selling used shoes !!! Disgusting !!!
Tooo wide and too tight in the first strap
way to big doesnt fit like described
Very flimsy, feel like they are going to break just putting them on. Waste of money.
If you're going to sell a size wide it needs to actually be wide. It's like, you had one job to do and you blew it. They are far too narrow. I am usually a single wide but at the scale this company is mis-measuring their sizes I would be a 4x wide minimum.
Ive used it like 4 times and it already broke.
Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy it very much, after the raining and the arrival of water to my shoe it became uncomfortable. How i can replace it?
I had the purse for less than 6 month's and the strap broke. The quality could be better
Very small frame, cheap looking glasses
These shoes felt ok when I put them on, but made my feet hurt when I walked in them. I tried walking with the instep that came in the shoes and I tried to walk again in them with my own orthotics. The uppers have no structure and they provided no stability. They were not what my middle aged feet need. Unfortunately, I walked outside in them so I can't return them.
This is the 3rd time I have to these shoes because they fit very small. I believe they will be comfortable once I get the right size.
It was too small, so I sent it back
I wore these not even one day and they broke. I was walking and I thought I walked out of them and I looked down and they were broken. Dont buy these all they do is break. I got a replacement set and those broke. Cheap. Useless and crap.
The item was too small, I attempted to send it back and was given an address in China! Would have cost more to ship than the item itself, I informed the seller and then gave me a US address to return it to, I sent it back 3 wks ago, I did not provide them with the tracking number, and have since misplaced it, however it has not been returned back to me and my account still has not been credited. I've contacted them twice for the status and have not received a reply. Very disappointing.
Horrible! Bulky! Trip over my own feet! Ugly but mostly uncomfortable and more wasted money. So irritated. Look so cute on line, not cute at all!
Nice quality for price
These Boots run large I ordered a half size smaller than my normal size and still too big after only six months boots are falling apart and the soles are wearing out
Cheaply made. Shoe glue all over sides of sole. A found a string hanging, I went to rip it off and it started unraveling the inside of the shoe! Worst shoes I've ever bought. Not comfortable at all. I bought because someone said she was a nurse and wore them with no pain during clinicals... I don't know how. No arch support at all. Don't waste your money
If you're planning to hike of take medium walks you'll find the toe box is tiny and very uncomfortable. Buy another brand.
Small returned couldn't fit my foot inside very tight
I thought the pictures of this product were a little misleading. I should have looked closer at the measurements because I was looking for something thicker that could hold more than one checkbook. The pockets are too small for that. This is great if you want to store a lot of cards, cash and ONE checkbook. My reason for the negative review is they dont allow returns. I am a bit of a power user when it comes to Amazon and have been using it heavily for something like 10 years. I have NEVER come across a product/seller that didn't allow returns.
Huge! Not at all what it was described way to big. Would like a refund I can use this for a over night bad and still have room for my lap top
it only lasted 3 week rip on the side heel
Not all straps were put on very well. Looked sloppy and felt loose. Leather also poor quality not at all what I expected they would be!
The boots that were supposed to be brand new had scuff marks and dirt on the bottoms! Also one boot had a tear in it so I couldn't even wear them! So disappointed!
Poor quality! We have had it only for 2 months and my son doesn't even wear it everyday but the strap is already torn.
I got these slippers for my husband for Christmas and he loved them, at first. They were warm and comfortable. But after just a little while they started coming apart at the seams. It's too late to return them.
These shoes were cool and my daughter saw them and was so excited. First of all my daughter is 13 and babies her shoes. She usually out grows them before the shoe falls apart. So we got these shoes. She wore them 1 week and the gold is coming off the front. Very dissapointed not worth the money.
I ordered the fire-red variant, got a green/ blue/yellow/orange/ color instead! Absolutely unacceptable! And I'll be traveling very soon, so the timing couldn't be any worse!
I bought these for reading and I can barely see. Waste of money.
Never received this. Amazon credited me for the bag as the seller never responded to me. Tracking shows it was delivered, but to a different address in another state. Do not recommend ryaN.
Did not receive.Do not block my review Amazon.This is honest feedback
Ordered a men's 8, which has been the right fit no matter what brand. These crocs were at least 2 sizes too big, requiring that we return them. We did exchange the 8 for a 7, which fits but the shoes feel filmsy.
What is up with all the 5 star reviews?!?!?!? These boots are so uncomfortable I don't even have words..... There is absolutely ZERO arch support in these boots - none. They are flat, hard, and uncomfortable. They also run large. They are very floppy around the calf. They also aren't lined well, so they aren't warm at all. I honestly can't believe so many people like these. There is NOTHING about these boots that are worthwhile.
Have not gotten this order but telling me it was delivered, getting disappointed
The shoe was too small and tight.
Sent women's size 10. Now I need to pay for pick up Come on Bezos.
There ugly as shit. Don't look like they do in the pictures Beware
These shoes already have a busted seam only a month later. I wish i could return them
These are incredibly cute. However, like others have said, because the platform doesn't bend, my heel kept coming out. I was walking around my bedroom trying them on to see if I could live with it when I tripped because my heel came out and my ankle bent. Scary. I hate to give bad reviews, I usually just don't review. But I would want to know if someone else had the same issue.
My daughter has used this for about two months and the strapped ripped. Pretty poor quality now it's garbage.
My hubby said it was too thin, and he didn't like the money clip, or that there is no inside space for receipts etc, on the plus there are tons of pockets
Fell apart in a matter of days, do not buy.
Unfortunately these looked nothing like the picture when they arrived. The material also felt rough and as if it had water damage. Additionally it came in a plastic bag and the boots were misshaped.
I purchased this shoe for my son he wore it just one time and the bottom is coming off. This is not a genuine Puma. Waste of money. Dishonest seller.
I bought 2 pair of sandals both size 6 from this seller. One pair was about 2 sizes too big and the light up pair was a size too small and only 1 shoe's light were working. The seller suggested I gift the shoes as shipping is too expensive. And they would credit me 20%. I stated that was fine for the pair that too big but that I could not gift broken shoes for the smaller light-up shoes. The seller never replied. I still have no summer sandals and a pair of too small broken sandals that I guess are going to charity. Not happy!
I wanted this handbag so much. I was excited to open it. When I did, I found out that it was not packaged well at all. Frankly the product was ruined. Instead of stuffing the bag to keep it shaped correctly it was filled it in half and left a permanent line across the middle of the handbag. I was sad to have to return it. But to be honest the little wallets or nothing special either
For 100 dollar boots they came with black scuff marks all over them with black soles like they are used!
I got this handbag for Christmas. I loved the size of it and the organized pockets. I used it twice and the straps completely broke apart. I had to return it. Because it was purchased with prime, the return was super easy.
All plastic, they look and feel really cheap junk
Within two weeks the heel peeled off and I had to glue it back on. One if the belt buckles ripped off. Very very cheaply made. They originally sent me a completely wrong order.
The bag came with just one bag's hook. I couldn't return it because the shipping price was more expensive than the price I paid for the bag!
Arrived broken out of box.
Very poor product. Hooks fell off within days and the sole started crumbling.
side of shoe blew out on my first day of my new job. Trying to get a refund but unsuccessful at this point in time
I ordered two pairs of these in a women's size large. The first pair that showed up were a child's size large. They were tiny. I started the return process for that pair, and ordered a second pair in a women's size large, assuming they had just sent me the wrong size. The second pair showed up yesterday and they are also a child's size large. I dont know if the seller isn't paying attention to the order, or if these are the smallest women's size large slippers in the entire world. Either way, I cant give them as gifts to my adult sister who takes a normal women's size large slipper.
quality is low. The shoes hurt the bottom of feet when I am running for longer than 30 minutes.
Never showed up so sucks
I still have not received this purse. I am waiting for confirmation that it will arrive. Need ETA update.
I bought this because of it's perfect size in my new crossbody purse . Soon after purchasing the finish started to peel ... super sad about it Might have been the color I picked Silver
I wouldn't recommend them. They are all metal and are not comfy at all! The blue ones aren't really like they are pictured... But the black pair isn't terrible, you just can't wear them for a long time.
The straps broke within the first hour of wearing them to work. Very disappointed.
This pocketbook had strings hanging from it when I received it, but I liked the style so I tolerated it. The main zipper, where it attaches to the pocketbook when closed, fell apart. And the zipper came off. So it can't close. It is now useless. It lasted about 60 days....to late to return. Too bad; I really liked the style.
A screw fell out rendering the glasses useless 2 days past the return window. I would not recommend this product.
It was really beautiful , but way too large.I can order a smaller size, and I did.
A lot of positive reviews on this, but this isn't one. They say these can be washed, so I threw them in the washer right away. Not about to put some random thing from china on my feet without a good cleaning. They held up great. Now comes drying. Not supposed to put these in the dryer, so I didn't start there. Put em upside down on a box fan and it ran a good 48 hours. Felt dry. Put them on and within seconds, my feet were wet. Water was seeping up from the foam bottom. Mashed them with a towel as best I can and they spent another 12 hours on top of the fan. Still wet. So I threw them in the dryer on low, ran it several cycles to make sure it was dry, as I don't want mold growing in these things. THEY'RE STILL F****NG WET. They feel dry on the surface, but wearing them for more than several seconds, they are damp. This garbage is going in the trash.
They were much thinner then previous Sanuk sandles. Didn't fit as well either.
Just not really useful, a waste of money for me. For the right sized shoe with an even number of eyelets or young kids.
Save your money. These sunglasses (both pairs) lost the nose pads within the first couple of days. Total garbage!!
neither pair reduced glare and definitely not halos
i bought this product as i've read the good reviews. I cleaned my shoes, then sprayed this on. waited 24 hours and water didn't bead on them and they still got dirty
one of the orders get stolen the shoes
These are not women's they are child sizes.
Cheap quality, smells bad and is 2 sizes to small.
Cannot use it due to the horrible odor. Throwing it away.
Very pretty, but soles are too hard and they hurt.
The quality is not good
They're lightweight and comfortable but I've worn out two pairs of these boots in less than 9 months. I work for FedEx so they take a beating but they should be more durable for the money.
I love the bookbag, but wish they would've had a hidden piece of paper for the code because I don't know it.
The purse looks bigger in the pictures with the model.. I wasnt happy with the size and I bought the biggest size. In the picture the purse looks bigger and I suspect they used a child or a very very tiny model.
Was super cute until both straps broke off completely
have gave it away... my front toes was hurting and side was scraping...
Broke first time it was used, unfortunately it was on or about 32 days after delivery so it can't be returned. I would not buy this product since it can't be returned within a reasonable timeframe.
I didn't get it. I rec'd a note it was damaged in shipping and no replacement available...just a credit.
This product is not Please give me the product correct
I have never received this order. Waited and waited. Eventually got refund from Amazon directly.
Very cheap! The strap popped & broke same day!😐
This shoe was way too small for my daughter
Only made my boots even worse. Did NOT clean at all
Blisters on the heels after walking a few blocks.....do not recommend.
These glasses fell apart after only wearing them three times. They literally came apart in my hands . The screws are so little I couldn't find them . The only thing that saved me was the repair kit included with the glasses . I appreciate the kit but the glasses should be better constructed to hit fall apart so quickly after purchase
I actually loved this bag, but unfortunately the zipper handle broke at the first use. I only got to use it for an hour. Will have to try to return it now since it can't be repaired.
Product was broke at the time of delivery
I was very excited about these because they are cute, comfortable, warm and fit perfectly. Unfortunately the seams came apart after wearing them around the house for about a week. Very disappointed.
It seems that although I where an 11 in all my other boots that I need a 12 in these boots
Cheaply made, too many pockets, pulls down badly on shoulder.
Size was wrong, very upset with how much I spent to get what appears to be children's size. Will never purchase these again online.
I don't know, i never received it??
I returned the shoes 2 weeks ago back to Amazon. I returned it by UPS
I picked this pair because it was shown to have a removable strap on the back of the shoe. The straps were not included in the order.
I ordered these and they never arrived. The only tracking info was that they left the carrier facility in China. They never even got in the country.
Way too small. Have to return.
Didn't feet well and surprisingly uncomfortable! I didn't expect such a bad product from Nike!
I'm a boots lover; when I first saw I already said to myself I'm gonna buy it and it's gonna looking good in my feet, so I did when I received it and tried it oh my God it really hurt me so bad.
Very cheap material. Wouldnt even fit my iPad like it said it would. I am returning the item for a refund.
Wore these flip flops one time and they broke...
I bought these boots in November 2018 and they worked fine for 4 months (though their sizes run very large - I ordered a size 8 and it feels like a 10) until today. I put them on this morning and by the time I got to work (20 mins later) I noticed that both of my feet felt wet. I checked to see, thinking that maybe some extra rain got inside the shoes because they are big and a bit wide on my feet but I realized that both boots have a tear on the heel side (see picture). I have no idea how this happened because I don't wear them often. This is very disappointing as I only bought these shoes 4 months ago! My last rain boots lasted me almost 10 years without ever getting my feet wet like these. I would not recommend these shoes and I will not buy this brand again.
I want to return his product but have no information on how to do this.
Hard to keep on my feet. The have just enough traction to make them to easily fall off my feet. I tossed them in the trash after a couple weeks of trying to adjust to them.
I received these in the mail and they look great. Just like the picture. Trying to try them on was the problem. I can't even get them on my feet. Now I have a brand new pair just sitting in the bag. If you have normal sized feet, beware of the tightness of the ropes.
Terrible! The sides came off and I have not even had them for a week. They are not stiched the sides are glued!
These are not made for adults. Way too small only a child could use these. Also if you wanted to return them don't wait too long after 3 weeks I'm unable to return them and now I'm out $50
Product showed up dirty and had mold on it! I was really looking forward to this product and was completely disappointed. The mold was on the outside and inside the purse as well.
So cheap and don't block out any blue light. I bought some others to compare and they make these seem like a joke.
Fake, returning them
I'm still waiting for delivery It doesn't arrive yet Did you check my address update?
I wore it for 20 minutes and the heel of the shoe broke.
Poorly made. Quality here is slipping. These broke after 2 weeks wear. Very disappointing for a pricey product.
My family loves Georgia work boots, so this pair of slip-ons was a real disappointment. With the high cut, the opening for the foot is really small (1/2 of other similar shoes) and even individuals with narrow feet couldn't put these on with out "hurting" their feet. My husband's wide foot--even though we ordered a Wide version--didn't have a chance (to slip in). Can't recommend for wide feet.
I ordered 14 wide specifically, I got sent size 13 regular.......
Steel rubs on side of big toe and hurts Looking for another brand
Looks nothing like the picture. The strap doesn't even fit through the loop, has a weird spot on it and an odd smell.
Not happy had to return item due to way too large and cumbersome
They were great for the first month till they started falling apart !
I ordered a size 8 and was sent the next size down. I needed these for my new job, I had a deadline and now I am in trouble because of this. Super unhappy with this. I wasn't even notified about it.
They are falling apart after a couple of uses. The insert came unglued when it got wet.
Still have not received this product and have not heard back from amazon or the seller. Beware !!!!!!!
Do not waste your money. Strap broke after a week and the sewing inside makes it to where items get lost in between.
The boot was really cute. Fit nice. Warm. However I received a pair that was defective on the right boot. After walking made a blister on the heel not from slipping but from the plastic meeting the material and rubbing my foot! Would have been a 5 star rating however with the problem boot it gets a 1.
I'm pretty sure I ordered the right size, but my daughter won't be able to wear these for several years. Guess it's a good thing the ballet class at her school was full when I went to sign her up.
I'm not sure this is not a fake, the box looks old, it's torn, the letters are not clear. I'll probably not buy shoes from amazon again
The smell. It is so horrid. It won't go away. I don't even want to wear them because the smell is SO bad!
I was so excited about this dress but it didn't fit me as I expected, and I know that is not completely your fault. But when I tried the zipper just broke. I want a partial refund of this!
I bought the shoe in my regular size, however, I returned the shoe because when I opened the box and turned the shoe over to look at the bottom of the shoe, it was filthy. It looked as if someone had worn and returned the shoe. The shoe is inexpensive, but pretty. I was only looking for something to run around in and this would have worked. I did not purchase another one due to how inexpensive the material felt. Not quality material regardless of how inexpensive it is.
Cheaper made. Piece fell off as soon as i took it out to try on. Sad cause liked the color
These might be fine for some folks but they generated big painful bloody blisters on mine. They just were not compliant enough to conform to the shape of my foot. Returned them for a full refund... thanks Amazon, you were great as always:)
Product came broke :(
I purchased a pair of these shoes in a store and they were fine, so I bought 2 pair from Amazon. Big mistake. Shoes were defective. Returned both for full refund. Now I know: Never buy shoes online.
After having these for a while, I am now able to review the boots. 1st, the price is great; There's no denying that. 2nd, the size is true to size. Here's the bad part. These shoes are not waterproof. They are not well constructed. They are not too comfortable. Overall, I'd pass on these unless they were under $25.
I almost always wear a size 8M but these were too tight, even without socks. They were also strangely narrow and uncomfortable. I felt like my feet slanted inward and pushed my knees weirdly pushed together. Needless to say, I returned them.
These are the cheapest look and made boots I've ever owned with the Harley name on them .. and I've been a Harley owner for 22 yrs. my bet these are Knock offs and not even a good one at that! Very disappointed! I ordered them and want in vacation for a month so want here when they arrived or I'd send them back.
The 2nd time I wore it in the rain,my feet were soaked. It was advertised as a waterproof boot and it is not. I had to return it.
I ordered these for my backyard wedding. They were tight and fit very well on my heels. However, within the first 10 minutes of pictures in my backyard, one came off somewhere. The other one came off somewhere during pictures as well and I didn't notice this one missing until right before the ceremony. I was very disappointed and upset that I spent $20 on these and then didn't get to use them for the most important part of the day, my actual ceremony and I can't use them again because they were lost somewhere because they fell off.
I dislike the product only because I order one size an they sent me another !! Other then that I have no bad say so about it
The shoe soul came off on the front only after 10 day use. Poor quality. Would not recommend these shoes.
I bought 3 pairs if shoes with the same size and brand but only one fits quite good. This was really big and the person I gave the is not able to use them.
Very bad quality, after three months use, the shoulder strap was broken.
Fell apart after one use
My hand slides around and now my big toenail is coming off.
I have only had this purse for 3 months and the lining has started the fray at the seam. Complete waste of money.
Just received these shoes today. They came already dirty so they've obviously been used. I will be returning
Not happy with product. Was not able to return!
Beware. We ordered a size US 13 and received a UK 12. I'm not sure if things got mixed up but the bag they came in had it right.
Returned shoes over a month ago and still no refund on my credit card. No reply from company as to why or when I might receive credit.
I ordered the red mahogany and received the regular red, which I already own.
Wad not like the picture!
The vision is unclear
Shipping was fast, lovely packaging. They are classy looking shows. I personally wear size 10-11 depending on the shoe. I wanted these to fit so badly! I now realize that I should of gotten a size larger if it would of been offered and since I wore them outside I'm not going to return them.
Don't buy. Worked great for a few wears but then the adhesive (which is tiny) came loose. Reglued onto my shoe but then the actual pad began tearing/shredding. For the price they are charging should last more than a couple is wears.
I was so dissappointed with my shoes just discovered today that it's already worn out. It's only 4 months.
The shoes had a bad order, and looked like they had been worn. The seller mad me return their bad product. Will not shop with them again
I ordered a size bigger than I wear, they were like 3 sizes to small!
Have to send back, thought they were to fit over glasses. Very nice looking.
I ordered 2 sizes thinking I would for sure have a fit. Both were too small.
Junk. They do not transition to dark in the sun.
Almost a month and all now I don't receive my bag
Wore for 2 days and they tore. Would never own a pair again. Cheaply made
Followed the comments after rating and ordered a size too large. Didn't fit as described. The smaller size isn't perfect but still functions as needed in a restaurant kitchen as a dishwasher keeping feet dry without wearing boots.
After about 2 weeks the tongue ripped out. Otherwise they were pretty good.
I take a size 9 and ordered a 10 and really probably needed a size 13. I had to send them back !
I am highly dissatisfied and disappointed with the purchase of this bag. It is so small compared to picture size. It is like a little baby handbag.
My order arrived and they were two different styles lol. One was as shown in the photo and the other was normal slide style
They did not ship to me in time.
One of the shoes fit perfectly and the other squeezes my toes hurts so bad ! They look cute but that's it
Top area of shoes has developed torn holes. Inside padding has shredded. WTH? Only used for walking around.
Returned.........absolutely too small
These sandals look beautiful and I happily packed them for my trip. However the pain when I put them on was excruciating. The straps across the lower foot are deathly for flat wide ( pathetic) feet like mine. Again, they look lovely( blue) but are going back. Bummer
This is not an authentic Celine. I have an authentic one and is a lot different. Very disappointed. This is the first time that happened with me at amazon. will be a lot more careful next time.
I was not a fan of the color, and I prefer the more durable Dawgs. The Crocs styling, however, is really pretty.
sneakers were advertised as extra wide - not even close. I need to return / exchange or get a refund
Most uncomfortable shoes I have ever owned. They are Clark's!!! Clark's are suppose to be great. These are mot!
I baught a size bigger than my normal shoe size and the shoe was still small
They are too big for any type of shoe. Do not recommend.
To amall and it would take a month to get a larger size
I am so disgusted with the description of the size of these shoes. I normally wear a 7 woman. I ordered an 8 and they are so small the only thing they could be is an 8 in a child size shoe. They need to correct this or stop selling these shoes. I am not returning them because of the hassle of doing it but I won't buy from this company again.
I didn't care for these at all. I wear a 36C and I knew within 5 minutes that these were not going to hold me up.
Received it for a Christmas present for my daughter and the whole inside lining was torn.
They were painful and cracked the first time I wore them for a very short period of tume.
Took this purse out of its packaging and got it ready to use. Less than a week later... one strap is dangling. Quality isn't great.
The shoe says 10.5 but are actually 2 sizes smaller
I didn't receive my package in the mail
Every time I take a step the left shoe makes a sound like air is escaping out of a hole. It's so loud I can't wear these sandals without people noticing.
After less than one month of using this, the end part of handles fall apart and also one of the metal parts on the right corner of glass frame fell down. I used it only for a month. I don't recommend if you are looking for last longing sun glasses. On the positive side, it is nice and stylish and cheap!
This bag is super cute and I was excited to use it as my purse for my upcoming trip. Unfortunately, it has ripped just 24hrs into it. If you look closely, it looks like it has come apart at the stitching near the handle. Really bummed because if I keep using it I'm afraid it's going to keep going and I just barely got it.
This is my first bad review ever but I am very disappointed. Waited 2 weeks to receive and was totally unworthy! The quality is super cheap for the price. The handle has a hole, the buckle is totally missing. It looks like vinyl, the surface is smooth and not like the picture. The key holder is mounted upside down, missing a ring and the one showing is round not flat and not engraved. The bottom is not engraved either and inside the textile is very thin and with no tag. You can spot it's a horrible replica from afar. No dust bag and extremely poor packaging. Does not deserve even 1 star.
The water socks were damaged after 2 days at the water park. Not worth the money!!
I know this is a dupe but it's awful. I don't know how it has good reviews. The white squares have an awful yellow stitching all over. My husband laughed when I opened it up. Donating immediately
Even after wearing these for a while they still hurt far too much wear for any extended period of time. Whatever the breaking in period of these is, it isn't worth it. One of the worst purchases I've ever made. I suppose it depends what you intend to use these for, but I personally can't stand these.
What I don't like about buying a pair of work boots that I have bought before and LOVED is "THEY NEVER SHOWED UP"!!!
Didn't like the item at all. Not functional in the least.
Most uncomfortable sneakers I've ever owned.Too stiff,these are more like boots than sneakers!! I'll be going back to Nike,NB etc.
The shoes were used not new. There were marks of wear on the bottom and were loose means someone used them. I returned the shoes for a refund and bought it from another vendor.
Picture says it all - I read all the good reviews - fits nice great shoe - etc. These are cheap shoes period. They are thin, cheaply made and worst of all - they leave unsightly streak marks on the floor - the sign of any cheaply made shoe. Now its time to pay for floor cleaning. I don't understand where all the good reviews come from....
Very disappointed with the quality. It's been less than two months and its already falling apart. It's too bad because I loved the style and the color. Going to attempt to return it. I hope the vendor stands behind their product.
Does this come with a receipt, this package did not come with a receipt and I would like to send it back, but you guys didnt give me a receipt with these shoes. So I dont think I can send it.
When I opened the package I was immediately disappointed. Looks nothing like the picture. It's sunglasses for middle schoolers, but I'm not even going to give it to my younger family members. Straight to the trash.
Garbage!!! While using for the first time the shoe horn turned into the shape of a L due to cheap metal.
Pretty color, and that's all that is good about them. Memory foam??? I don't think so. Within a couple of minutes of wearing these slippers, you feel like you are walking on the floor. No padding at all. There is a reason they are so cheap. Save your money.
I love anything with the NY Giants on it but when these slippers get wet the paint comes right off
I love the glasses and had the glasses for more then a month before they broke.
I really wanted this bag. It looked ssooo cute. But I did not ever get my bag. It was delivered thru UPS. Nobody can't tell me to this day what happened to it. Finally after fussing with CS daily, I was able to get my money back.
Really liked the design and tint to the glasses, extremely upset I won't be able to wear them. The little piece that rests on the nose is missing, making them uncomfortable.
I was very excited to find Clarks originals desert boot at a discounted rate. Having purchased several items (including shoes) from Amazon previously, I had no hesitation in making this purchase. I made a mistake though - this was a too good to be true situation. These shoes are not Clarks originals despite the box and branding on the insole. The shoes are poor quality and flimsy - I would rather wear a flip flop than this shoe. Sending return back to amazon tomorrow
I ordered a size 9 and received the right shoe in size 9 and the left in size 8. No quality control apparently.
shoes say they are wide but they are not. The toe box is way to narrow
Was delivered smashed in a small box. I was really dissatisfied and disappointed.
This product was never delivered. The tracking information was not detailed in tracking locations. Not a reputable vendor. Waiting for a return email from vendor
Not very wide. Was supposed to be extra wide. They are not. They pinch at the bottom of the laces. The sole needed to be glued back on after 2 months of wear. Very disappointed.
The shoe is very comfortable!!! however, they cut very small and hurts your big toe.. I'm stuck with a pair a shoes that's worn and can't be returned :( buy a size up if you purchase....
The zip stopped working after 3 uses. It's useless now
I got these back in July to have waterproof shoes when the rainy months came along. Now it's October and we have rain, but these are unwearable. The problem is that the soles are not flat, but seem to have been warped somehow in the manufacturing process. When the shoes arrived I hoped that they'd straighten out as time passed, but they never have. When I wear the shoes one side of the heel presses hard up against my foot because of the warpage. I've considered taking the soles to a grinder to flatten them, and I may do that, but wanted to warn potential buyers of this manufacturing defect.
Fits smaller than expected. I normally wear a 7, but it fit like a 6.5.
The shoes did not last a month. They were delivered on April 17 and fell apart two weeks later. The soles came apart, the shoe laces broke and the light batteries wouldn't charge.
Cheaply made. When I opened my pancakes 1 of the lanes were cracked in the middle and broken off.
This shoe is way to slippery on wet floors, to me traction is one of the most important things , comfort is important but it's nice not to have to worry about falling on your butt every time you walk on tile
Very disappointed. I expedited shipping for this bag due to a trip. I opened it up and there's a hole in the stitching at the bottom of the bag.
these shoes are huge! Absolutely huge and useless for my baby. Wish I could return them.
I like slippers very much.
Not good shoe. Not comfortable
The lining broke the first week and now the handle did too.
They lost my package...
These broke after a few uses.
BAG WAS TO BIG I returned.
Very poor quality! When I attempted to return them I was told “give them away.....the postage is too costly to return them!” I was offered 40% off my next order.....why would I order from them again!!!!
Arrived damaged or worn. They fit a little bigger than I had expected. I will not be ordering these again.
Horrible. I ordered a size 11 and a size 10 used pair of broken gross shoes came in my mail. Are you kidding me? Who do I contact to fix this? They are very used and gross.
Purchased these for my wife in December, the soles are crumbling. The last pair I bough her lasted two full years, according to my amazon order record.
Needs to be made professionally and right, no like the pair i receive. They suck.
Arrived broken, not worth the return
I think they are just walk short distances shoes. Because I wear them to work and I probably walk 3 to 5 miles a night at work and my feet are killing me.
Bad product and bad color
Cute bag but way to small
I bought this in March 2019. I opened it and closed it an average of twice per day. Six months later, the hinge has worn out and the case will no longer stay closed.
Charged for a full day. When I wore them every time I walked the light would flicker until it just stopped turning on. Pretty bummed. Would not recommend product.
I received my sandles June 24th and the strap across the foot broke today, Sept 13. They should last longer than this for $50 sandles.
When it says oversized they mean extremely oversized. These glasses looked ridiculous and took up literally half of my face. Not cute and way larger than what I was expecting. I have since returned them.
I never received my shoes. UPS lied about attempting to deliver them the 2nd time because we were at home waiting for them. The 1st time they attempted we was at work. They never showed up.
Seller did a horrible job with packaging. Threw them in a box with no padding at all. They arrived all scratched.
Always LOVE every Montana purse that I've purchased!!! I have tons!! This purse is not my favorite as the wallet that comes with it must be shoved in.
Please get a size up I got a size 8 in is too small and I wear a size 8 and most of my shoes
Save your $!!! These are SO CHEAP!! very bummed out on these! I think they used cheap Elmer's glue or something. Worst ever!
Loved these... however my dog was chewing on something and it was the eyelet to my top boot.
the Wide you sent is NOT a wide it's NARROW
DO NOT BUY this product. The frames horrible all around. Just go to the gas station and buy a pair, you'll probably get better quality. I'm glad I only wasted $14. Don't believe me.....buy the glasses and see for yourself. ANYONE who says these frames are good is full of shit! These frames SUCK!!!!!!
I bought these boots because I work as an auto mechanic at a dealership and haven't even had them for half a year yet ! ! And already the inside of the boot at back of the heel is wearing out and has a hole in them is one thing. The other is the laces are already tearing apart and lastly they started smelling within 2 months and progressively have gotten worse
Cheap elastic shoestring broke just when trying them on. I bought a pair for my daughter too. She liked them, but after 3 days of use, her shoestring broke too!
These are four dollar glasses avaliable in any gas station. They were shipped in a manila envelope so the frames arrived flattened. The nose pieces are hard and sharp, very uncomfortable. I do NOT recommend these.
Not happy with these sneakers. Very poor quality and stunk of formaldehyde I'm returning.
These are cute in person and comfortable to wear, however, I wore them for about 10 minutes total and they have already ripped. The rubber area where the laces are attached is only glued on and it is coming apart. I wish these were better quality because they are cute in person. If you do decide to get them, the tongue is attached, so the purpose of the laces is mostly just for looks. They are a little difficult to get on and off.
Ordered three pairs. ALL have defects. These look like rejects, saved from the garbage bin via the backdoor (a common practice in China.) Three different sizes ordered, two were same size. Also, these are NOT even made for the USA market, sizes are marked 45, etc., for China, Europe. No grip at all on the soles. If you want to give them a try, beware of slips or you may end up with a broken hip! In my opinion, not worth $1, let alone what they are charging.
This item was too large and wide for ordered size.
Very poor quality. I was incredibly disappointed. The flip lenses required lots of force to the point of fearing that I would break the glasses. They are flimsy and of shoddy craftsmanship.
does not dry for hours and smells.
More like no stars. The sunglasses didn't sit flat. Sent them back. They were cute but work
Pulled the laces to tie and ripped the eyes off.
These sandals fit fine, but they are not comfortable to wear. They have little bumps on the sole that are very uncomfortable. I will have to put insoles in them to make them wearable or send them back.
Thought all Rainbows were made in USA, the pair I received were made in China. Not sure they are real leather either.
So disappointed. I ordered a size 6 and got a size 9! They also weren't the same shoes as pictured. These ones were not lace ups unlike the ones pictured.
They look and feel very cheap.
It didn't last the inside came apart I wouldn't buy this again
This product was listed in the category bowling shoes. They are most definitely not bowling shoes!!
Did not received polarized sunglasses.... Missleading details of product... don't know what to do with them now as they were not what I expected and I bought two!
These are very nice, but they are very wide! I have narrow feet which don't help. Even though they are wide the strap on the back helps keep them on my feet. Non-slip works decently in a kitchen, doesn't work on ice! Also, wish that they breathed better. UPDATE after wearing for a few months in a kitchen environment I really do not like these at all, they've lost all traction and slip a lot. be aware if you have narrow feet too, these are made for ridiculously wide feet.
Bought these two months ago and now they look like a seal or something is broken or a coating is separating (not sure what it actually is but that's the best way to describe it). They are cheap so I didn't have really high expectations, but I did expect them to last more than two months.
These are too narrow for big feet.
Too small gave it away
Bought this style of shoe three times and returned it three times because the clasp was defective.
It was very uncomfortable and just had to return it.
when tightened the shoelace will dig into the top skin of your foot and it will hurt. if not tightened the shoe will fit really lose. couldn't win at all with this shoe.
Comfortable but there is no slip resistance at all
way way to small. I'm size 11, i 1st ordered the size 11, way to small and very narrow. so i sent them back and ordered the 11 1/2 size, again way to small and narrow puma are normal good, but these must have been made in china where everything to small
A size 11 look like 2 left feet and I thought the bottoms where suede like something that won't slide across floors and carpet.
Loved these at first! Literally wore them twice and the elastic broke right before our trip.. 😞
So I had bought these shoes for my graduation and let me let you know we only stood for about an hour and a half and these shoes heel had been destroyed within this small time. Even though these shoes had been super cute it has been a disappointment to see how little they last and honestly it's a shame.
I will never order from these people ever again.
Seller did not supply tracking number, product was not delivered, and seller would not respond to my emails.
Nice, comfortable shoes but unfortunately, I was sent wide instead of the medium I ordered. Where's the quality control? Back they go!
Bought it for my 10 years old son for the summer. After 3 weeks of broke. Very disappointed from the poor quality
The most comfortable house shoes on the market but this particular pair started coming apart on day 2
One of the rhinestones fell out on the first use.
When the boots arrived i expected them to come in a nice packaging meaning a shoe box, when they arrived they were in a plastic bag and they were created from the top they look used, its the same color as online but honestly i could of purchase something better in a flea market, I'm honestly very disappointed this was supposed to be a Christmas gift. I'm going to contact the company to get my money back.
Glasses were nice at beginning but within 2 weeks of wearing the tint on the lense started turning different colors or fading. Would not recommend for long term use.
The sole onside is not attached and moves:bunches up while walking. Very uncomfortable and leaving no support.
Ordered a 6 1/2 and received Something close to a 9. Also was not packaged in a box, only in bubble wrap therefore they came completely deformed .
Arch is way too big, hurts my feet. Spent a long time carving it off with a razor blade and still didn't get it right.
Picked up 2 pairs, size 10 and size 11. The size 10 didn't fit but looked to be in good condition. The size 11 did fit but came pretty badly damaged and looked like it had been returned previously. Now I have 2 pairs to return... the weird part is that they came in completely different packages even tough they arrived at the same time. One in a nice new box the other in a bag and was missing some of the tags and stickers that the other had
Purchased on March 12 and wore these shoes everyday for work On May 14 noticed a small hole in the surface of these shoes they actually lasted approximately 2 months. Now they are trash. Would not recommend these shoes as they are very poorly made. I guess you get what you pay for.
I got these for my heel spurs. I am very disappointed, I was in much more pain then I ever thought would be possible.
One of the sides bent within a few days with no stress other than opening and closing. And then a well later one of the lenses got a crack in it. Will not buy again.
the left shoe is larger than the right, but both indicate the same size 7
Got these boots as a Christmas present and the heel broke off after 3 days
The idea of this product is great and I thought that it will be a good temporary solution.. but its not. I purchased the small and its way to be big. its fall off and just pointless
The little hinge on the right ear piece on the all black pair broke after 3 months. I was walking out of Costco, and went to put them on, and I the rest of the frame fell on the ground, while I was just left holding the right ear piece. The hinge just cracked in half. I asked the seller to replace it, but they wouldn't, since it was outside of Amazon's 30 day returns period. The frames look good, but are of extremely poor quality.
Extremely poor quality. Purchased 2 sets and 3 pairs were broken the same day. Hinges fall apart and plastic is brittle.
I wanted a pale blue purse, but this is more grey/green than a light blue. I returned it because of the color.
I ordered this bag from Amazon as it was $20 cheaper than could be found on other websites. However, it arrived damaged with a broken/unthreading strap. It also appeared to be used because the Frye tags were loose in the bag as if they had been removed by a previous purchaser. I would not recommend ordering this bag based on this experience.
Couldn't be more disappointed! Might as well be crocs for how they're made. The worst part was THEY CAME DAMAGED! Literally torn all the way down the back. Picture coming soon.
What a shame. I really liked the boots until this happened.
First time out of the box. Main zipper is defective. Return or replacement not allowed due to time expiration.
My last pair of sketchers was size 8 even though I normally wear 7 1/2. The 8 arrived and was way too big. Ordered 7 1/2 and still too big. Heel lifts out of shoe even though fits otherwise. Returned them both. Also didn't like the hard back of heel. Heel blisters for sure if I kept them. Last pair was soft. Disappointed because I loved my last pair and liked the looks of these.
Cheaply made. Fell apart at the seams with in a few days.
Made extremely poorly. The whole underneath is completely glued together unevenly. Looks like they didn't even try. Save your money buy in store to ensure better quality.
I didn't even get the sneakers because according to a message that I received my address was undeliverable mind you I received an order on Monday.
Definitely did not fit as expected. I tried the same shoe on in a store and these definitely are smaller.
The leather rim is so hard it rubs and scarred my feet. By day's end I had to put bandages on the top of my foot to survive.
I wore only for a week and the gold part broke
From China. Fits small. Also uncomfortable. Returned!
Very cheaply made shoes! Material feels like cardboard on the inside. Shoes should be priced at $9.99 or less. Looks just like the picture but very upsetting on the quality of the shoe.
I enjoyed them while they worked. The first set broke within a month and I got a replacement and it's just broke again after 4 months.
First let me start by saying I was sent the wrong color, second these ARE not genuine Quay Brand sunglasses. The quality is cheap & they are plastic. If I would have been paying closer attention when opening them, I wouldn't have kept them. I would NOT recommend this product.
Pilled all over the slipper and a hole in the side of it after one month of wear (around the house only).
Straps broke after a week
Horrible shoes! Uncomfortable and they have honey comb insides so the shoes are uneven. Won't buy again!!
Not flexible, should have returned them but time ran out!! Terrible fit! Materiel is way too hard! These are not waterproof!!
Very lightweight and cheaply made
This is the worst shoe wore them first time throwing them away can't return time ran out day before yesterday
There was no dropper at the top of the bottle I've never had oils in this matter without a dropper makes me think if this is the way it came or did they take some out and mix it to stretch it I've been buying peppermint essential oil for quite a few years from GNC decided to try it on Amazon the place that I purchased it from is not the place to buy your essential oils I know this is not full strength I got a medicine dropper from the pharmacy and I put quite a bit in some water and it's not too strong the one I get from GNC would have been too strong to drink this is not so I know it's not full of strength this is a fake and I am highly disappointed
This shoe literally fell apart on the 4th day my son wore them to school. I'm so disappointed as we had the same brand that last over a year.
They make everything slightly cloudy, even straight out of the box. I've cleaned them with the little cloth they included and still, everything is a bit cloudy although the lenses look clean. I also don't understand HOW they block blue light, if everything looks the same (color-wise) while wearing them. I asked the seller and they simply copy/pasted the description as their answer. I asked for more detail and never heard back. I feel like I wasted $30.
The pictures look cute, when I got them they were so crazy wide around my calves, it actually looked ridiculous. They should be labels as XX wide calf.
These shoes have split after 4 months
I have a pair of true Crocs bought from a thrift store they are wore out. These look like them but thin and the right one is probably a half size smaller.
Not good quality. Look at my pictures! The bow was completely crooked and not centered at all. The color is not white it's more like an off white. There's a reason why they are so cheap. I needed these for her baptism and now I don't have anything for her to wear. Definitely is not what was advertised.Very disappointing.
Really liked this bag and was excited to use it. I only used it for THREE DAYS and the part that holds the shoulder strap broke/ripped. I didn't even have many things in it to think that it ripped cause of all the weight in it. I just had my phone, wallet, and keys.
Bought a bigger size and still was small
The seller's return policy is very strict--they won't accept the return/refund my money if the box is not in pristine condition. If they had sent the right size, I would not have to return.
Sole is separating from the upper after 2 weeks, Trying to hold it together with superglue. Poor quality.
Bought the cheetah but they sent the snakeskin. They were very light and not high quality but still cute. I did not feel like returning. I wore once for Easter....they silver nails on side are all coming out!!!! Seriously....DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!
I order blue shoes but they send me black. Are you color blind?
It said it was one-day delivery with amazon prime, showed as delivered but never got the product, very disappointed :(
Fall apart too quickly
I hate this bag set it looks nothing like what they showed on the pictures
You get what you pay for. These were inexpensive, but they don't work well. The top clip that is supposed to hold the laces together doesn't work. I've lost 3 of the 5 pairs in a week. Will be sticking with Lock Laces next time, which have always worked well for me in the past...
Junk. They come with a little card that tells you to put them on and look at the "hidden image" on the card. Didn't see a thing. I write these to drive at night and got more glad through them then through my regular glasses. Crapola!
These were the first set of replacement pads I bought for my Peak Line Performer Boots; I was very happy with my boots up until today. I had been wearing them for about a week when they both suddenly peeled off the bottoms of my boots while I was working on a 9/12 roof. I slid six feet! I'm lucky that I wasn't only five feet from the bottom of the roof when it happened, and Cougar Paws is lucky that they're not looking at a wrongful death suit filed by my next of kin. Absolutely unacceptable, dangerous, should not be on the market. Not OK at all.
Garbage. Have bought twice to try and use and failed both times and can't get in contact with seller. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
I've had these for two days and they've already cracked. Very poor quality.
All you stuff falls out and cannot adjust handle to the right length!
I measured my feet and ordered per the Amazon size chart. When the shoes arrived, they were not wide enough, nor long enough so they are smaller than the Amazon size chart linked in the product listing. In addition, the mesh on top is very stiff and uncomfortable.
I bought these sunglasses and waited a week to receive it, instead they sent the wrong item, not even sunglasses.
This item was listed as a prime item and was not. Very dishonest company do not order from them!
I have had surgery on my foot and thought this walking shoe would fit. It does not, so I need to return it.
Thier sizes are about 2+ too small. The width sizes are off, even worse than the length.
These shoes hurt my daughters feet. She had blisters right away. And refuses to wear them. I would not buy these shoes.
1) Description stated that the sandals were leather. They are NOT leather. 2) Color ordered was denim/blue, color received was charcoal/gray.
I barely got 8 months out of these shoes. Went to put them on today and the strap came right off, looks like it was just super glued on :/ I've worn these maybe 15 times
Poor Quality Sperrys. Over the years I've bought multiple sperrys that have lasted me from half a year to two years. I have seriously never had such a bad shoe but these were falling apart one month in. The base was peeling off from the front and the whole shoe was falling apart. I have already retired them and bought a new pair.
Not a bottom that can really be worn outside for more than one time. The bottom tear up from normal walking.
Bought them thinking I would love them like most of the reviews. Nope! Hated them from the moment I held them. They are rough, very hard plastic and no comfy at all. I felt super silly even having them on. Very bulk and a huge gap that will definitely trap water on a rainy day. No bueno, sent back ASAP
didn't realize there were different sizes and got the one for size 6 when my shoes are a size 10. They need better warnings in the product description.
Very Cheap Quality. And the ankle strap is way to big. The shoe also runs big by about a full size.
I was very excited to find a lanyard that coordinated with my lunchbag. It was perfect until the clasp broke and I almost lost my office key! Needless to say, not happy with this $24 purchase! I wasted my money since I cannot use it any longer!
Sorry I thought this was a Michael Kors Purse my mistake
Order these before and they where perfect ordered them again and I would never again top of the Sandle to big and the bottom too small
the order has not yet arrived, and says it was delivered on Friday
Can't even see out of them
Doesn't reflect light at all in normal sunlight, ONLY WAY to get light is to shine a black light on it in the dark.
The sneaker is small. I always order the same size, but this one is shorter tham a size 10!
Was old and dry, should have bought locally.
Too small. It's not a true size 11. Would like to return it. Still in it's original package.
I have ordered three of these. First pair: Perfect. Second pair: Problem. On the right foot, where the front right of the tongue connects to the main body, the seam tore. Third pair: Exact same problem. Now I'm stuff with a defective shoe because this one took longer than the return period to tear
I'm a big fan of Skechers and have several pairs of this brand. This sandal however, broke after just over two weeks. Going back. Want my money back!
cheap material and returned it
I was promised this item before I went on a trip and it was left at ups and they wanted me to come out to pick them up very late and I told them to send them back. Really disappointed in the customer service.
I've ordered this product before and it was very good. This time, though, the inside of the pouch was wet when I opened it. The tape you're supposed to use to secure the booties was pretty much dissolved. The booties were wet and I couldn't get them dry/clean enough for regular tape to adhere. Couldn't find where the leakage occurred, but it was pretty much a waste of money.
Pinches side of feet near ball of foot making running uncomfortable. Makes my toes numb on elliptical. Hard to put on and then when on too large.
The size is too small
Too tight. Returned them.
There knock offs the serial number is a fake
If your face is narrow these might work for you. For those of us with a round face they fit very awkwardly and look terrible.
It was a beautiful bad but I did not like it because it had no pockets on the outside.
I ordered these because I lost my old pair while on a trip. When I got home I didn't receive what was in the picture.
Size 9 was way too big. Size 8 was too small. No 8.5 made.
UPDATE: so I bought this bag in August of 2018 & it's now February 2019. & the strap broke. I was just standing with my bag hanging over my shoulder when it randomly hit the floor. It was embarrassing. I've absolutely loooved this bag, until this happened & it wasn't even heavy. This bag is exactly what I was looking for. It's actually the same brand of the one I was already using but I had no idea! It's so spacious, but so soft. So it falls nicely without keeping that round shape most bags hold. It's easily adjustable to wear long off one shoulder, or to wear crossbody. It has multiple pockets & all the zippers are functional & roomy. I only wish I could remove the small straps because I really don't use them. But other than that, ive had it for almost 3 weeks now & I love it & ive gotten compliments on it. I'm still trying to find things to stuff it with!
It said the package was dilivered and I've been asking my neighbors and everything but I never got it
Not happy with the construction, returned.
The glasses fit my face really strange or maybe I'm just picky when buying glasses because theirs so may good reviews. Still don't recommend them they are cheap, feel cheap, fit your face weird and don't even look good.
The product has not been delivered. Had one day shipping, was delayed til June 4. Still waiting for it...
The zippers broke within 2 weeks and the handles have already started to fray.
It didnt have the stockings for the outfit
the shoe tore after wearing it once. so upset as these shoes are not cheap.
returned it without any problems
I usually swear by sketcher. I've always been able to depend on the sizing. These must be a knock off or something. I order size 9 American. They fit like an 11 or 12!!! I RARELY wear them. Too complicated to return. BE CAREFUL WHAT SIZE YOU ORDER. They could be really good flip flops but I've never been able to wear these long enough to find out. I will not be ordering flips from Sketchers in the future
This was way smaller than expected. The purse smelled like chemicals that I was unable to remove the smell and airing out did not help. The purse was extremely stiff. Would not recommend this purse.
The bag is weirdly small, smells of chemical, is very unfinished and does not look as good as in the images. I filed for a return as soon as I opened it. My wife ordered it looking at the stars which is very misleading, please read the one star reviews. They are the all true.
The left shoe has a deep indentation on the upper portion above the big toe. This is the 2nd pair I have received with the same defect. Also 2 separate indents on same shoe front upper, that become more prominent when being worn. Very disappointing workmanship from my favorite brand of shoes.
They were hard to slip on with all the extra straps. The straps were actually tight and the soles larger. Weird fit seemed to be smaller than should be for the size. There was also just uncomfortable to walk in over all.
Did not receive correct color
Shoe lace straps broke with the first day I wore them I would like a refund or new shoes .
I have had this bag less than a month and the strap is already falling apart. I am fortunate that I caught it when it fell off of my shoulder. It is a nice size. Too bad. I guess I will have to use it as a wallet from this point forward rather than a purse. I hope this review is helpful.
Product quality is very bad. The zipper broke on the backpack after a couple uses.
Bought twice and shoes were way to small
Had the sunglasses maybe 10 days and they fell apart.
I love the look and feel of these glasses, but the right lens has streaks in them. It appears to be under the polarizing finish. I tried microfiber towels and two different eyeglass cleaners, but nothing fixes it. I'm so bummed, because they are adorable glasses otherwise.
The shoe came apart after wearing for 2 days. Very dissatisfied
This product arrived used with dog hair on it, ink pen marks and the item had already been trimmed by previous owner. I paid full price.
Junk boots , would not recommend to anyone
Order a size 7 for a Christmas gift. The box the boots came in was a 7 but the boots were a 6. I'll be returning and now searching for a new Christmas gift!
Did not have these for more than two months, and the strap broke when walking down a small step. Will not waste my money again. I've had Walmart shoes that lasted longer!
I RECEIVED TWO LEFT FOOT. I just realized NOW, when i tried to use in my little girl.
Super disappointed in the quality of this purse. The zipper no longer zips on the middle pouch. I've only had it two and a half months, but it's already past the return window. UPDATE. I contacted the seller directly since the return window was closed. Seller responded quickly and sent me a new bag. It came from overseas so it took a long time to get here, but it did finally arrive. I'm a little leery to use it, but I do have a functional bag now.
Decided to try this out anyways since my shoe size is pretty small already. Definitely didn't fit. If you have wide feet I'd stay away from this product. Doesnt feel like a medium.
Just a few days past the return window the blue tops began to develop white powdery runny spots. The blue began to fade as well. Totally ready for the garbage can. DON'T BUY
Seller was unresponsive to me when I reached out about receiving the product damaged. The glasses looked great except it arrived damaged.
I ordered a size 5 US toddler and I was sent a size 7.
Waited since last week on product show box busted dent in top of shoe just poorly delivered
Very Big looking slippers
I was sent the wrong size and tried several times over the past 3 months to contact the seller to exchange for the correct size and never received a single reply or response. Still not a word to this day. So now we have shoes that were bought for over $50 and nobody can wear them. So thanks for taking my money and giving me the shaft.
Horrible! Didn't even come in an adidas box. They were just wrapped in paper in an amazon box, the soles or ripped out of them, pretty sure they're used. Total waste of money.
Crocs Men's Santa Cruz 2 Luxe Loafer: How can it be too large AND too small? The product is poorly designed. It is very difficult to put the shoe on because there is no stretch. (The small elastic band is useless because it is too small and placed badly.) One it is on, it is too large. In part, that could be due to the insole being very thick and collapsing. Overall it was a big disappointment.
Thanks for allow me to speak on the product I took picture I was hoping to wear this to a wedding this weekend but look at it looks like yhe they just sold it together not paying attention to what they was doing dispersed is a hot mess but I guess you know you get what you pay for
CHEEP CHINA MADE SHOES..PREVIOUS 2 PAIR OF NEW BALANCE FIT PERFECTLY..THESES ARE JUNK
Only received 4 pair of glasses. 5 cases but only 4 glasses.
Too small and I have a small face. Cheap quality also
For the price, I expected the cushion to last longer. It was good when I got it. Unfortunately, the cushion didn't last. I used it as indoor slippers. I had it less than a month, and it became hard as one of those flat beach sandals that I replaced. I am under 160lb, so I don't think my weight was an issue. Sandal fits as expected and true to size.
Such an unfortunate situation ASICS please bring back the Gel Nimbus 15. Don't cheat the consumer we are paying a lot of money for these shoes.
They should advertise the size being small.
Shoes were great. Just don't last. Wore out soles very quickly.
Very very uncomfortable
These sunglasses are terrible. They are flimsy and super hard to open and close. I thought I was going to break them just trying to open them to try them on. Also, they do not close all the way because of how they are made. I tried to return them, and apparently I can't which is dumb and if I would have known that I wouldn't have the option to return if I didn't like them, I would have never bought them. Don't waste your money on these sunglasses!
I purchased the black ones in February along with a brown pair. The brown pair are great the black pair fell apart after only wearing them 10 times. The back pair, the material came off both toes and the bottom piece is peeling back.
Absolutely no way! Does not fit properly and feels like a reject shoe...
I'm really not a fan of red wing boots, they are made in China and sold at a high price. The last pair of work boots I bought were crap. I'll try these hunting boots and see.
Could not get rid of the horrible smell of this product. I washed it twice and it smelled just as bad as when I opened it. Can not use this item.
I usually love sketchers and always get the same size. These we're way to wide for my foot and they were not a wide width shoe. I put them in my give away pile as I'll never wear them and it's too much trouble to return them. Very disappointed.
Cute for slippers but not to walk outside in. Not a snow shoe or rain shoe
2.5 months in, it's already leaking water.
All around great glasses & lenses with style for reading glasses; fantastic price so I bought 3 pairs.....however I can't recommend these readers because they are way too delicate; each one broke within 30 days of purchase; all of the breaks occurred in different spots. Even though they're cheaply priced I didn't expect them to be so cheaply made. Don't waste your money.
Order the sandals two sizes bigger than what you wear
Nothing like i had expected unhappy
The shoes arrived use and the box was damaged. The paint at the bottom of the shoe came off and was my hand. I was accused of wearing them and only refund half my money.
No stars if possible. These were not real but fakes. Returned and Amazon rectified things promptly.
I've used other silicon lace brands. These are terrible. Can't even get them laced in my shoes. They break so easy. Returning these ASAP! Dumb.
Very disappointed bought the same size I had befor all fit great wore them for 2 days and one of the lace brackets snapped off. I sent the back Amazon was great about refunding me. Just disappointed in keen
I need to return them. Way too small. If you are an 8, order a 9 at least.
It looks too good to be true because it is. I ordered them to take to Rwanda with me, and i wish I had purchased something more expensive. They are not adjustable at all because when you tighten them they don't stay tight. They are also made for people with very very wide feet. It's too bad, because they are cute... I mean cute as far as fake Tevas go. But don't try walking in them.
I️ had originally ordered a size 11 for my son because I️ thought his old ones were a 10. We got them and they were great sex wot they were too big and he needed a 10. I️ ordered the 10 from the same listing and I️ received counterfeits! The box was different, the sticker on the box was different, the tissue paper was different, the shoes smelled like chemicals, the seam on the sole was uneven and most importantly...they were shiny! Amazon is sending me out a replacement so we shall see.
Wish I had them. Sent them right back for smaller size it's been a month and still no boots. I loved them just wish I could wear them or even know where they are.
The shoes came in a timely manner. Looked really nice. But they were too small... I wear size 12 and ordered a size 12. The shoes were tight on the sides. The toe part was almost rubbing. The toe guard hit my pinky toe and rubbed... a friend of mine tired them on and they felt great to him. He wears a 10.5-11 so if you do buy them buy them a size bigger maybe you fair better...
Ordered an 11, box says 11, got a size 10. They seem to be in great shape, but now my daughter cant wear these for her homecoming dance.
Really hard to see while wearing.
Wack. Took forever to arrive and the puffy fur started falling all over my room after a few days.
I ordered a pair in white, and wore them just a short while before they started getting uncomfortable. I washed them, and now there are yellowish blotches on them. I'll try bleach, and hopefully that will come out.
When the 3/4 power step were to low an arch I briefly tried them and put them back in box. Checked the return box and filled out requested info but no response on return.
Don't bother - almost think they don't make different sizes in this shoe, esp. if you're a sz. 9 or up. Tried twice via two sellers and ordering two different sizes got the same shoe each time...never fit. Wasted effort. Can't speak to the durability, but note it is a heavy shoe.
Disappointed in description of product
This bag is cute and the color is great. My problem is that it is heavy and the lining is weird. It feels like plastic paper and the zippers are very cheap. I carried it once and promptly changed back to my old purse.
I've been wearing Clark's 9M for over 20 years and they always fit perfectly. Unfortunately the last 2 pairs of Clark's that I have ordered have been at least a half size too large. Either my foot has shrunk, or Clark's has changed their sizing. This is a cute style, unfortunately these shoes won't work for me.
Not comfortable. I've been wearing them all day and my calves are hurting. They're hard. No cushion.
Cheap material used around seams. Black color started coming off. Had to use black permanent marker to cover up color showing through. 😠
Wear down very quickly
Not a fan. The center attachment between toes stretches out. They are ok for a short time.
Shoes looked great, and reviews I read were nice. I thought they were cheap and thin. Not sure if it was just me, but I was led to believe these were almost like athletic shoes for water. (I've previously owned some from Nike that were great). These were cheap and smelled like new plastic. They remind me of something you would find at a dime store. For the price, there has to be something better out there.
I bought these in mid-February. The right shoe completely failed by late-July. By completely failed, I mean a huge hole had formed under the right heel, straight through the inner and outer soles. My heel was literally in contact with pavement by end of July. The day these arrived, they were generally fine. The only issue I had was a slight discomfort under the right heel. It felt like an imperfection in the inner sole, but it was not enough to stop wearing them. By month 2, the discomfort under the right heel had manifested as a hole in the inner sole. By month 4, the outer sole had worn through on the same spot, and by month 5, I could easily stick two fingers through the right heel and had to stop wearing them. The shoes were otherwise generally very comfortable with the exception of THE GAPING HOLE under the right heel. I really liked the Velcro fastener and the roomy toe-box. I thought I had found a hidden gem of a product -- why would I continue to pay 3X the cost for Merrell Trail Gloves? Oh, now I see. It's because they last 6X as long.
Overall dislike of the shoe.
I ordered these for my wife and she says they fall off her feet if she doesn't wear them with socks, and even with socks, they are not very snug and slip off. She wears a size 7 and I ordered a medium. The length is right but they are too wide and don't contour to the foot. I would not order again.
Should have bought the adjustable
Have only had these a month and the sewing has already come undone from the toe. They don't seem like they are real Sperry shoes
I had to return these they were super uncomfortable
I have to go back and change my review from a 4 to a 2 . After having the shoes a couple of months, the cushioning started to break down alot, then, on both shoes the seems around started spliting.
There is no arch support...I was looking for more of a shoe fit with the softness of a slipper. The fit is right and the softness...fine for sitting in front of the fireplace.
The shoes are two-piece. The inner sole which is a different locks into place by pushing through the sole in the pattern seen on the bottom of the shoe. These are now releasing and the sole is otherwise falling apart. I've just used them sparingly for around the house shoes. I'll be going with the more expensive 1 piece version from the name brand competitor.
i have medium feet and my toes are totally squashed. the chevron variety of this brand is nice and comfortable. these are crazy tight.
I have many pairs of fitflops. The footbed has a different cover and makes annoying sounds. I do not recommend. I wish I returned
Wrong color was sent.
The boots are very cute, but they are flimsy. When you walk in them you can feel the rocks under your feet and it sorta hurts. I wouldn't buy them again. I would find a better sole.
I loved how these looked, and actually loved the fit, however, the sole is not a rubber like you would expect with sneakers, it is more like plastic, and makes a sound when you walk. will not be buying from this company again
Cushioning gone the first week.
They look cool and fit fine but I feel like I'm stepping on pins and needles when I wear them. Not overly happy
Velcro is coming off already, daughter loves the fit but securing shoe is now a challenge.
They look great, but I should have probably gotten a half size smaller. Additionally, are these supposed to come with insoles? Because mine didn't.. and they're quite uncomfortable. Pro: They look good. Cons: Very uncomfortable, they don't come with insoles.
Runs really small. Measured to my other Reef's and they are supposed to be same size, but new ones are a significantly shorter!
top cloth layer of insole started separating after only one day of use. these insoles are replaceing 6 year old timberland insoles that have not seperated in any way. i dont think these are timberland insoles. probably china knockoffs. bought a pair of felco pruners that were proven to be knockoffs. had to reorder them from felco to get the real deal. i think amazon is slipping. to big to manage??????????????
I gave these shoes two stars because they are Skechers and are no doubt a quality product and nice looking shoes. These shoes have a very hard insole. When I first put them on I took them off to see if I accidentally left cardboard or something in them. I decided to give them a try anyway. After putting about 30 miles on them they never got comfortable. I returned them and will probably never buy shoes on line again.
I was looking for a fashion sneaker for the fall and winter without snow this shoe was advertised as one but.. Its not it is a very nice boat shoe one you can not wear with socks if you order your true size. I'll keep them for Summer but now I need to find a shoe for fall.
They are not comfortable at all. I have many vionic shoes. Theses are not of the same quality
The shoe does not look like the actual photo and I am a size 8 and it fits pretty tight...
Shipping took longer then expected.
I was so excited to see these go down to $65 so I snagged them. I've heard they're great & I even wore a pair of my friends chacos & they were SO comfortable. Not these. First off the straps were super long! After tightening just a little they dragged on the ground. Then it seemed to me there wasn't enough arch support in them, I happen to have high arches and these were virtually flat. Also the heel was tight and the sandal pad itself was really hard!!! My feet hurt so bad after wearing these just twice for very short bouts. Absolutely disappointed & returning.** My friend had the same brand/size everything & hers were WAY different so idk what's going on here. ** I think I'm just going to go into my REI to buy a sandal so I can try it on first, even the chacos. Another commenter said you have to break these in like a shoe? I don't think so. So long story short these are heavy, hard, uncomfortable overpriced sandals from wherever Amazon is getting them :(
Although these slippers are very comfortable, the stitching came apart in several areas. I have not even had them for 1 year so I am not expecting them to last very long.
Zipper closure is one of the dumbest designs I've ever seen. As this was advertised as a possible laptop carrier, one compartment should be felt? lined for iPads as well. For those of you who want to solve the dbl zipper problem, drill holes in the ends of the green plastic zipper pulls and thread a zip tie through them
Too small for that prize
Soft inside but very poorly made. Guess you get what you pay for.
Not that good in my opinion. The only reason I kept them was that they were better than the insoles that my boots came with. I'm not sure what brand to try now.
These shoe trees have a nice quality and cedar aroma but they left deep indentations in my expensive heels. In addition, the appear to be a little too large at the toes. I wear a women's size 8
Have owned these slippers before and they were sooooooooo comfy. This pair were very stiff and uncomfortable. Not nearly as soft as my original pair. Very difficult to walk in.
Item came as described but broke after using it for 3 weeks
Although the color option is great, the fit is small. If your buying these for a bigger male, or someone that like larger frames/lens then these will not be a good fit.
I have had these slippers for less than one month and had to go buy different ones. The fabric started to rip and there isn't really any support. I am disappointed with this purchase!
Got this super cute Minnie inspired diaper bag to replace our last that simply was too big and bulky for everyday use. I love how much you can fit into this bag without it being sooo big. It was two smaller pockets that work great for cellphone or other things you might not want to be digging through the larger pocket for. My daughter and I love Minnie Mouse so that's why I purchased. The straps are kind of funny but they're still comfortable . Definitely worth the price. *UPDATE* those funny straps I was talking about. Yeah, one broke today. Returning.
I only received a paid of sunglasses. All the pictures show a case and a cloth and many other items but I only got a pair of the sunglasses.
The back of the slipper is very short preventing it from staying on the foot. It might work for some but not for my wife.
in the picture the Shoe sole is light gray. i got brown Shoe sole. not beautiful.
For me (and that doesn't necessarily mean the same for you!) the lights just are not bright enough for nighttime reading. I replaced all the batteries with fresh ones, just in case, and no discernible change.
The zipper is UGLY. It is huge and very bright"gold"
the indestructible frame has already snapped / broken and the lenses are easily scratched
Cheap looking and feeling. Hard to walk in. I'm regretting not spending extra money for a more sturdy pair of sandals.
one of the key chain already broke off after taking good care and usage.
Too big and the tassel has a metal piece that clicks every step you take.
I would have kept them but for two issues. The seam on the inside toward the toe-box was so pronounced that it rubbed the outer edge of the ball of my foot and the shoe was a little wide. Bought a 9M. Returning them.
I'd give a higher review but can't. One week after getting these sunglasses the blue mirror is peeling off using the microfiber cloth they include!
The fit was extremely wide. Does not hug foot. Button design fell off immediately.
Order twice first time too small and the second pair was defected
The pros about these shoes: they are lightweight and look good. The cons: snug fitting, seams came undone after wearing a handful of times.
The heal support is to stiff and will cause blisters. Going to have to figure out a way to break it down. I also didn't realize from the picture that it's has metallic gold running through it.
Tight fit. Didn't like the look. Returned.
Did not arrive w quality I expected from Clarks shoes. Had a pebbly bumpy texture not apparent in the picture- also appeared small, short on the front end and fit was too tight and small- supposed to be a 10, fit like a 9. Liked the comfortable sole, but returned for a different style- I'm almost 50, but looks a little too geriatric- not that that's a bad thing, and no disrespect, just not to my liking.
Bought these shoes 5 months ago and the sole is separating from the shoe already. Things just don't last like they used to. These are the second pair of New Balance to do this! The original look of the shoe was very nice!
I ordered light brown instead I got a dark brown color,they felt very squishy don't know it was because of the heat but very upset because of the color I got but after all they are good
These shoes are cute! That's the only reason they are getting 2 stars from me. They were so tight I couldn't even fit my foot in flat. I'm so disappointed. I ordered an 11, that's my normal size.
They didn't work well for me, but maybe it just doesn't fit my foot type. It seemed to be well made, but was uncomfortable for me to wear.
Very confortable but doesnt last 6 months
Straps need to be soft and fitting.
Good concept but for my feet they were way too tight and feet started to get numb after 1hr of wearing them.
Cute shades, however they wouldn't stay on my toddler's face
Very pretty but was not true to size for me.
Not happy with bag cheap feeling and looking
The quality is not that great
But for the fact that they do not fit well, they are very nice. Buying a bigger number would be my advice
Too small had to return
A ugly shoe and so is the color
Great looking, fit as expected..quality isn't the best for consistent wear - a few months in and the sole is separating and one side has worn in the bottom, now sucks in water and squishes when I walk.
They were cheap and They did what they are supposed to but they irritate my nose, probably won't buy again...
These are super cute (I got the orange sparkly ones)! But they did not last thru even one full day. This was no rugged trip either, just a float on a fairly calm river. I will bump my review from 1 to 2 stars though, because I also had a black pair and those ones held up a lot longer (unfortunately I lost them). So I would say the sparkly ones are made with far inferior materials.
Purse is beautiful But I did not get the shoulder strap
not as good as it looks on the website and do not like the inside fabric.
Sock ripped open by the top of the toes when I put it on.
I felt like my feet were trying to slide forward but the toe thong stopped them from doing that, so it was just a weird feeling and it felt pinching around my toes. So it wasn't very comfortable. Look-wise, the shoes are pretty cute. I wish they were more comfortable.
Its very expensive but nothing as great as other ones.
Logo at the heel is hurting a lot. It got somwhat better after few days but not completely
too small and tight. will be returning.
Package came labeled as Black/ Blue lens. When I opened the box, they were a maroon red with some white with black lenses. They were also really small. I sent them back. They seemed ok, but not what I ordered and very small for my face.
Go up at least a half size on these.
They are very cushiony, and I do really like that. They feel a bit loose in the heel, and I don't like that.
No worth purchasing, they break easy and the lens keeps popping out
I ordered these shoes for my 15 year old son and he was rather disappointed as they were not quite what he had expected so I am in the process of returning them.
Velcro closer very week. First use swung open and everything fell out. Do not use for anything more than paper. Be very careful.
I ordered a size bigger than my normal shoe/boot size. The foot looks big enough, but I can't get my foot through the neck of the boot to find out. No pull straps. If I keep them, I'll have to slit the side to get my foot in and add pull straps. Be advised that Sportsman's Guide charges for return shipping so get it right the first time or get a product stocked by Amazon.
Poor quality which I wouldn't expect from this brand. The shoe was narrow with very little arch support.
What I wanted however the strap hit just under my inside ankle bone and rubbed. Not the same as previous Clarks I have purchased. The foot bed of the sandal is comfortable, but as I said the strap is to high and uncomfortable. I seem to have to size up 1/2 size in the sandals for the arch to be proper but that's ok they aren't to long.
Boots were way too big. I wear 7 or 7 1/2. I order a size 7 and then a size 6 and both were too big. I returned both and decided to look for a different brand. Boots look sturdy and were really cute.
These shoes should have zipper in the back to assist with getting them on. It is stressful on the straps to have to pull them on.
Cheaply made... I returned these. They were a little narrow, and the material didn't look like it would hold up well in winter.
Didn't look any thing like the picture, though it would be bigger. End up giving to my daughter.
Like product but arrived not in original packaging. This worries me that it could have been pre-used.
Nice shoes but unfortunately it feel too small and I used it .
Would not purchase again.
The product felt fake. The material isn't good, the toe area is too small, and there is no cushioning. My feet as never hurt as bad as when I wear these. I love Asics and have been an Asics loyal for 10 year, but these were a true disappointment.
I washed these a few times and they still have a chemical smell to them. The memory foam must be a very cheap quality as it seems that is where the odor comes from. They are comfortable, though. Oh, they are not worth the price. I can't believe I purchased them. I think I did not realize how much they were when I ordered them.
due to "package destroyed" and not reshipped. Guess I really didn't need it and bought 2 purses instead.
This wasn't the best quality however it was inexpensive. The button came off within a week! I would not purchase again.
I found this shoe difficult to stay on my feet and would not buy it again.
runs small. Returned
It looks good but made of rubber and very hard to get it open.
The fit was horrible
Very cheap looking and smelling. Very disappointed!
Slippers seemed ok, but they arrived squished. Box was too small.
Poor quality. The pad start falling after using for a month.
Main zipper broke after two months of use.
The elastic band for back of the foot wears out quickly and it's a little too much cushion for little ones. And over priced. We ended up buying some house shoes from Walmart for $5 and she's still using them months later.
The pair of sandals lasted 27 days before they fell apart. Cost more than a dollar a day (worn or not) before unwearable. Just missed the return window and very disappointed. Love Nike products normally. Love new Colin campaign as well.
Cute, but..too tiny to fit much in it.
Scratched the lenses the first time I put them back in the case. The lenses and frame rub each other when it slides back into the case. I do really like the concept and they are handy when your out and about.
The strap was too long and very loose.
Way too wide. The edges get wedged against the inside wall of the shoe, and then it gets stuck once your foot is in.
took forever to ship threw them in the goodwill bag 3 times and took them out plastic eyelets are crap broke and had to replace them the only good thing is you can slip them right on
This bag is not good to use. Will not buy it again. If you want to buy a bag, you maybe have a better one waiting for you.
Love the glasses but having bought a Diaz em pair over a couple of years (I keep them in all my purses) they all break at the same place half an inch from the temple along the upper line of the frame. But the lense quality and style is great.
Not for you if you have a wide foot. The foot bed is extremely narrow at the arch. When I tried a larger size to get a wider foot bed all I got was an inch or more of space above my toe. Basically, sizing up is not going to help the width problem.
These are way too big and they just look weird, honestly. I like the reflective aspect of them, that's the only positive thing I can say.
I at first ordered a 7, and they fit a little snug, then ordered an 8 and they fit as expected but the flip flops are so heavy it feels like your constantly dragging them... my friend got the same flipflops from famous footwear and they are just not the same, even the ft is different. Very disappointed.
I have trouble getting shoes on and these are like water socks couldn't get them on
Three months later and the heel fell off completely in middle of school.
The leg is way to tight and I don't have big legs. They run small.
The ankle strap in the back irritated my skin. I love the shoes but they're not a great fit for me.
The shoe fits and feels great. Light yet supportive. Unfortunately about 3 weeks and about 17 miles in, they started to tear on the seam. Disappointing durability for such a good shoe.
I was really excited about these shoes and wore them for the first day to test them out. The eyelets, or the metal pieces on the sides you push and tighten your laces with, got caught MORE THAN ONCE causing me to trip and rip both knees open and my hands on several occasions. Was quite upset about this because I thought these shoes were too good to be true with how decently priced they were. Hopefully going to cut off those metal pieces to prevent any future (OR MORE FATAL) falls.
The part around the toe is too tight for my daughters foot. She complained immediately and ripped them off. There is not much give at all, which she isn't used to. Otherwise, it looked like a nice shoe and the size 9 length seemed to fit her size 8.5 foot.
product is built well and the lining would be ok if I could get my foot in it! The price was reasonable but when you cant get them on its all mute. It was recommended by others to go larger on the size and was that an understatement! I wear a 10.5 normally so I ordered an 11. maybe a 13 would have been better..I will find a child who can wear them and give them away.
The quality wasn't good. The Velcro on these house shoes are not good. When I walk in them I have to adjust them all the time. Now they're so loose they will not even stay close. For as much as these shoes cost they should hold up longer.
I was disappointed. I returned it and I am waiting for my refund. They are super duper cute and well made, so I was really disappointed at how uncomfortable they felt, especially between the toe. They are true to size, so the size was fine. But between the toe felt stiff and not flexible like the rest of the shoe. Boo hoo. Cuz they are really really cute!
They quality is not as expected.
top strap is too long and it gets wider to the point where you can no longer pull it through the loop to tighten it.
I really like the way these feel. Not too tight and not too loose. My shoes slip on and off with ease. Unfortunately they didn't last long. They were just delivered to me on March 1 and I have already had 4 of them break! I don't even have enough to use them now. I though 17.99 was a good deal until they barely lasted 2 months. ***UPDATE*** I went ahead and ordered another set of these (against my better judgement). I was one short from what I needed so I bit the bullet! I didn't even receive the same product. I simply reordered from my previous order and I didn't even get the same thing!!! How does this happen?
I don't like the smell as you wear them.
Love the shoes but had to rate low because the description states grey and the picture shows grey but they are white. If squint and look side ways it might look grey. I have a different pair I have worn for years. Same color and I bought them as white. I was looking forward to grey :(
I just received and so far its only okay. What I'm really disappointed in is the color. Mainly, the rubbed off color on the heel for both shoes. It doesn't look attractive. I dont know if this is something that was worn and returned then sent to me. Or if the seller just doesn't care about the quality of shoe they sell. Not going to recommend this. In addition, the shoes looked kind of dirty when I received it. It definitely feels like it was returned then sold again.
These slipper socks were the right size for my 2 1/2 year old, however, as my toddler played around, the socks slipped right off his feet.
these boots are beautiful and fit me perfect, however the material is not soft. Very difficult to walk
I like the product but am not happy with the sizing. According to the size chart, I would fit in a size 6. It was way to small, so returned the order and had to pay for the shipping to do so. I reordered two sizes larger and it is still too small.
The bag is excellent for organizing things; however, if you put too many things in the bag, the straps will twist and make caring it on your shoulder difficult.
I ordered these to wear for my daughters wedding so I could have a lower heal, cute sandal and people had reviewed them saying how comfortable they were...well my review title says it all! I wear a size 8.5 (period!), but my toes and heal just barely hang off both ends of these shoes, even though they say they're size 8.5, the side of my foot and baby toe hang off the side of the shoe, and the foot bed was not soft!!! I'm really disappointed as I thought they were super cute, and I've ordered Blowfish flat sandals before (size 8.5) and they were pretty comfortable and fit close to perfectly. Not sure what the heck happened?!? And now I've missed the return window, so I'm stuck with them. Bummer! Anybody that wants a size 7.5 narrow shoe, I've got the perfect sandals for you!
The overall layout of this bag and the strap are great, so I was pretty happy initially, but the one of the zippers broke completely during the first use. Bad quality zippers and build.
The heel is very hard
Cheap. I've worn them less than 5 times and they are starting to stretch where they don't stay on as well. They are worth about $3. So you're better off going to a 99 cent store.
It was just too small... returned.
These shoes had a very narrow sole and it felt like my instep was falling off the shoe. No support at all
I really like the way the sunglasses fit my face and they looked great on. But they broke after 2 days of wearing. It's a very thin piece of metal sod to the frame and easily broken. ☹
These wore out ridiculously fast. They were useless after just a couple months.
I ordered the same size I always wear, They just didn't fit comfortably.
Nothing to wear for a long outing. Opening for toe hurts if you have feet that slide down with wear.
Excellent material but way too big
Nice size backpack but terrible smell that I can't get out, even try with drying sheets for weeks.
This are not leather
After ordering and waiting for longer than necessary.
The soles on both of my sneakers are broken already, and I have only had them for a couple of months. Do not wear these to train in! TERRIBLE!
I love the style of the bag, however I dislike the material. It seems to be a cheap (not durable) material.
And neither shoe had a size label on the tongue or anywhere else. Don't buy these from seller 6PM I guess...
I like that the lights last for awhile, but the lights start out as multicolored and switch to just red.
My lady sent it back because the ankle cuts into the skin. You absolutely cannot wear these without socks, which kinda defeats the purpose.
They are nice laces but too thick. I need to send them back sorry.
I purchased 2 pairs of these boots. One was fine. The other had a strange fold/lump in the insole, making it unwearable. Quality control may be problematic. The pair that did not have the problem with the insole did fine in the snow though.
Nike has screwed up by going with the flat tongue. They are also small in fit.
Nothing close to Danner boot. You get what you pay for.
These fell apart within one week of my toddler wearing them!
I though they where real dark and their not. NIce style but it would be great if they can be real dark
These shoes are nice and light and would dry quickly. However the tie on one of the shoes does not catch and hold so that if worn in the water it would become so loose that the shoe would come off. Therefore it needs to be returned unworn in the water. How is this product returned? There was no packing slip in the bag.
Way to narrow and small for size
Bad quality. The grey part would come off after one week.
Even though the shoe is slightly too large I hesitate to return them because there was no paper work in the package to mark return on the package. I don't know if the USPS will accept it like it is. I really don't know if a half size smaller will be too tight or just right. I was going to order another pair of a different type but won't do it now. I guess i'm stuck with what i've got because its too much trouble to try to get the packaging straight without any return paperwork.
They look great but the wooden arm broke after a few months
This are not good boots for winter, they are maybe good hiking boots. Water does get in, insulation is not very good.
Came broken they are cheap plastic
Not very comfortable for walking, sole comes out when wet.
There too hard for me to wear. Don't really fit
Only good for money and cards. Nothings else can fit in like remote keys, small wallet and other stuff. As i said, only good for mony and cards.
I really didn't even use the zipper, one day it (zipper) had popped open (with the pull at the top). Tried to close the zipper and reopen/(get the teeth back together). The zipper pull fell apart (like it was made out of aluminum) it actually crumbled apart?? before that they were comfortable....
It's so much shinier than it looked in the pictures. Metallic color is cheap-looking and brash, not expensive & subtle.
Do love the purse. But the handles have already broke off the purse. Perfect size and really did like it.
My wife has tried numerous inserts and these didn't help either. They are very firm and uncomfortable. The search continues.....
Do not buy these unless you have skinny feet. And when I say skinny I mean SKINNY. I was excited to have a pair of yard shoes that also had cushion/support but I was left disappointed in the size. Length wise they're true to size, but there is very little width to them.
What is the point of a waterproof boot that reflects nearly all your body heat back to you and fills up with sweat after a couple hours? This boot takes a long while to dry out and I have bacteria eating at my feet if it doesn't dry out before my shift the next day. My socks are soaked and stink after wear and I have only had a stink problem once before in my teens. I switched to thicker wool socks but that only increased the comfort.
So I ordered the same pair (same size) but they are very narrow, but I'm sure they are mass produced so.... what can I expect.
I exclusively wear brooks and these are the first I can't wear due to being too narrow.
Very cute but th shoulder strap broke on the first day. And the little clip on pin, keeps falling off. I hate returning things so I will keep it. Smh.
Not very comfortable at all. Being on your feet for 9-10 hours and your feet will ache so bad they burn and throb.
I'm a bit disappointed. The heel already broke!! And I've only used it two times 😐 I'm also 5'4 and weight 120lbs ... 🤦🏻‍♀️
After two wears the band around the sole that creates the platform look is disconnecting from the shoe.
Did not like boot design, returned, received credit
It is a cute bag for my phone, money, credit card, id - but it only made it through a week long trip and started ripping on the inside. The outside still looks fine, but the seams on the inside separating one section from another came undone and ripped pretty quickly.
I found it was a tad bit too bulky and stiff. I suppose if I had ordered a smaller size it would have worked better for me.
They're pretty but flimsy - but they're low priced so it makes sense. You get what you pay for.
I ordered this shoes because I liked their looks and seemed discrete. For some unknown reason, the shoes slip off my heel, even though they are my size. It seems like the heel is too short. There is complete no arch support. I cannot use them.
We loved these shoes at first. They are really cute, fit well and are easy for our baby to walk in. Unfortunately within just a few weeks, the plastic sole separated from the bottom of both shoes.
Loved the purse but the cross body strap broke, it came completely detached from the purse. I can still use it if I want to carry by the handles.
Super cute, but fell apart within a few wears. Not happy about that
Runs large, cheaply made, disappointed
I was happy with my purchase but was upset when I found my package out in the middle of my yard instead of by my gate. It looked like the hustled tossed it.
Snug and not the quality expected
The shoe is pretty, but should've been listed with European sizes. I ordered what I thought was a 9, but it cam in a 38. I know what my European size is, and had it been listed correctly, I would've known what to order.
Too small and way too narrow. Got size Large, my feet are 9.5 wide. No way I could begin to squeeze into these. They are being returned today.
The shoes are cute enough, the back of the heel is high & runs on my skin uncomfortably. I decided to keep the shoes because of the price & since I work in an office the pain is minimal.
One shoe fit well and the other did not . I was disappointed because the shoes are so cute. I had to return them
Reading all the description said that the boots would stay up because the tie and they didn't stay up at all.. Was very comfy tho!
It was as pretty as it looked online, but it was so stiff and rigid that I couldn't even get it to unfold from way it was shipped. I'm sure it would eventually have broken in, and honestly it was pretty enough that I considered trying, but I just couldn't get over the rigidity enough to even want to use it. I returned it. (The company was great about the return.)
Glasses were good for fishing but the film on the front of the lense rubbed off easily and got ruined within a month
I LOVE the wayfarers but the club masters never came... :(
Shoes are comfortable, but did not last within two months soles of shoes started to separate from shoe.
This shoe is not suitable for walking. They are comfortable when you put them on but there is not enough support on the upper shoe to stabilize your feet, which is really important. I would not recommend them.
Poor quality. Got these for my 9 year old daughter and after wearing them a few times a week for two and a half months the sole was coming off.
They're cute and fit nice but the slip down so easy and the soles are basically none existent
dislike the cellphone pouch it doesn't work.
These are HUGE! My 2 1/2 year old wears an 8, but they are fitting snug. I ordered a size 9 (double checked their size chart), and they are HUGE. See pics for comparison (you can see the 8 and 9 imprinted on each shoe).
Definitely order a size up.
Uncomfortable fit. Too small when I purchased the normal size I always wear.
I should have measured. This is in NO WAY long enough for any kind of boot. This won't even fit a children's sized boot. These should be marketed as a small child's sneaker. Maybe less than age 10 or so.
Fits well, but not nearly as cute as I was expecting.
Helps as required but I seem to be allergic to the frames. It burns where the frames touch my face.
These boots are really cute, but they were too tight at the top of the shaft so they had to go back. My calves are not large, but I still couldn't tuck my pants in to them. Even without trying to tuck anything in they felt too snug when walking. They seemed like they would be pretty comfortable to wear otherwise though. Sad, because I really love the look.
These run HUGE. I ordered 1 size bigger than my daughter's street shoe and it was probably a good 3 sizes bigger. The quality was pretty decent for the price. If the sizing wasn't way off these would have worked great for her dance class. Had to return.
I ordered size 8 and got a 7 1/2...
VERY wide in the calf
Toe box is too narrow.
Odd shoe. Not comfortable for walking as it has very odd heel strike. Either the sole flexes too much or the heel is shaped oddly, I don't know. But, when walking in the shoe it loudly rolls on the heel and is uncomfortable. I don't recommend. I didn't notice this on carpet so much so after wearing to work on hard surface floors I don't want to wear them anymore. Really check them out before wearing outside so you can promptly return for a refund.
Loved this bag for work! It was a little smaller than I was hoping but fits almost everything. My biggest complaint is that it is already falling apart. One of the seems started coming undone just a week after I started using it.
Inferior quality and rather medium than large size
Love the bag and design, it's has a strong odor
The purse is will made but I carry a G26 and the pocket for the gun is too small. It does not fit.
Hard inside, uncomfortable. Memory foam would be nice.
Too narrow. Too small of a return window
I received a wrong item. I ordered CC holder with stand but I received simple one that has no stand. I couldn't return it because I used one.
Product runs small. I'm a 7.5 however these fit tight. Definitely would order a size up
These were pretty terrible, primarily due to just from walking the inserts will shift back and expose what feels like a cheese grater on your feet. The biggest issue is that it doesn't happen until I was deep into a hike through a water fall. Honest my feet would have felt better after if I had simply ripped them off and went barefoot through desert. The build quality is not great either, putting them on out of the box/bag, the tie clips Broke on the left shoe.
Cheap and flimsy, should have known better.
One of the lace holders broke on first lacing and us. Not happy will be returning item. Do like the rest of the shoe. Used it to hike in Alaska.
Love the look but they are way too stiff my back and feet would be toast after a 12 HR shift in these
DID NOT LIKE , TO NARROW
It felt like they didnt have any cushing.
I purchased my first pair of these jungle mocs at an outfitter in Alaska in 2004. They lasted until 2017 with no tearing of the inside liner at all, and they were the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. I bought these about 9 months ago and they are already falling apart. They are also not anywhere near as comfortable. I hate that Merrell sold out.
Do not fit to protect smart shoes against the rain. Not a good look...
This is just not the right shoe for me.
Cards fit bit too well. They almost can't be seen when you slide the cards on the slot. It's almost like the pockets are too deep. Guess I'll stick to fossil wallets.
Lovely boot but runs small and it is not very comfortable
Looks beautiful, but in less than 3 months, the straps started coming apart. Not just the thread but whole pieces of the "leather". Stylish but needs pockets. Everything just drops in bag. Hard to find anything.
They rubbed my sons feet. It made a blister and it also cracked after about one week.
I had to return the show because it was too small.
I shoes my number 9 and does not fit me, are smaller than was supposed, I assume maybe a 9.5 or 10 could be
Frames were very small. Smaller than I anticipated. Probably for children 5-6 years old
One fits, the other falls off. Poor quality control in the sizing and construction. Soles are hard rubber and sound like dress shoes on hardwood floors, so not very optimal for indoor use.
Too small and broke within the first two days.
Velcro came off on one shoe after two weeks of wearing. Also, not suitable for walking outside especially when the ground is wet (I should have read the description better - crib shoes for sure).
Received the boots, but had to send back. The pair I ordered ran very wide; like it was for a man's foot. I had to send them back at my expense. I went to Boot Barn and tried on these boots, but decided upon some Double H boots instead.
Nor great quality. Something in the heel is broken and it squeaks whenever I take a step.
They are a very loose, sloppy fit even with thick socks on. Not very safe.
Maybe it is because i have the gene of an ogre or titan or some sort, but this pair is too small for me. I could barely squeeze my feet into it but the pressure causes me to sweat really fast lol.
I first ordered the shoes in a 9 which is my usual size and they were so small I couldn't get my foot in, I then reordered in a size 10 and they fit for about the first 3 time I wore them, and now they are too big. I guess they stretch out very easily. Very disappointed since now that I have worn them like five times I can't return them.
I liked the changing of the lenses idea but they are a pain to change and the nose piece is not real comfy. The good thing about having multiple lenses is that after the first lense broke I could replace it. The first lense broke rite in the middle after only having the sunglasses for 2 weeks.
I would not recommend buying if you have narrow feet.
These glasses are very small and do not look good on me. I love the look of them but not on someone's face.
First I want to start out by saying I had been eyeing these shoes for several weeks before I made the leap to purchase them. I loved the style of these shoes so much more than others I was looking at. I hesitated to purchase these because I thought the price was a little high. Anyways I finally bought them and was so excited to wear them to work. I barley tapped the tip of the shoe on a concrete step and a huge chunk of the material scuffed off. I am so disappointed because I paid too much for these shoes that are apparently very cheaply made. BE CAREFUL. Also they do run a tad bit small and you can't size up a half size. Overall very disappointed with this purchase. Would not recommend
Lol good bit didn't fit me well
No toe room, I wear 12, they were too small, bought 13-14 too small, they left no room for toes, unless they are 1/8" thick, they should try on a pair.
i was so excited to get these cute and inexpensive sandals. i bought 2 pairs (one black and one brown)! there's a plastic piece on the thong inbetween the toes that is very comfortable. they were a little small/short for me but i have a high arch. i returned them!
These shoes fit my feet perfectly and looked really nice. Unfortunately the shoes were very heavy and bulky. The arch of the shoe was in a weird spot and rubbed the bottom of my foot really bad when wearing. Returning item.
REALLY DID NOT LIKE HOW THEY ARE MADE I HAVE ANOTHER PAIR AND ARE MUCH BETTER MADE SORRY
Cute but they dont stay on
The case was shipped in a bubble envelope so it arrive slightly crushed and the hinge was misaligned. Construction isn't as sturdy as most cases. The items tht come with it looks like it adds to the value. I wish it came in a box so it wouldn't have come so crushed.
Green tinted glasses arrived with lens missing and I also didn't receive anything stated in picture such as holder or lens wipe.
Emblem fell off arm of glasses within 2 days.
It's any ones guess whether to order the next size smaller or the next size larger from the size and one half that you wear in a slipper!
Here it is not even a month later and the boots are tearing up. Not happy at all
I ordered a medium shoe but they delivered a wide shoe. Their service to place the write shoe was horrible. When i contacted them i got the standard “to bad” reply. I would not order from them again. My the time you pay shipping multiple times, for their mistake it's better to buy locally. I have used Amazon many many times but this was poor customer service.
The toe box is too shallow and the inside of the top Is rough and stiff. I was looking for soft and cozy. This isn't it.
Narrow fit and cheaply made. Not worth the price.
Not well made. Little structure.
Weird velcro strap thing is very uncomfortable. Wish I had never bought it.
These shoes are cute but run small. I ordered a half size larger than normal and the canvas is very tight fitting still.
Asics rock, Ive been seeing reviews their new shoes are lacking. These shoes suck hard. I have somewhat wide feet, toe box makes my feet go numb, support in wierd In places, feels as if your walking on pebbles. Just wrote a review to deter any other wide feet people. Definitely need to try before buy....
I would return it, but, already discarded the box
Poor quality. Not very warm. When slippers arrived the padding in the sole of the slippers was very awkward - felt like two or three huge air bubbles like you'd see in bubble wrap - and they were inserted such that your foot rolled off to one side or the other. But, not to worry - the padding in the right slipper vanished after about 30 minutes of wear (I guess the air bubbles popped). The padding in left slipper was gone the next day. Also, they were no warmer than any average slipper. I had hoped to use these slippers for cold weather backpacking trips but I don't believe they would be durable enough and they aren't warm enough to warrant the extra weight and space in my backpack. They will suffice as everyday house slippers but a traditional style house slipper would be better choice for kicking around the house.
I thought I ordered a 7.5 but received a 5. Sent back and have reordered right size. Can't wait to get them on Monday.
I have only had this bag for a month and the stitching on the strap connection has torn and come undone. I was shopping and the whole thing fell apart and can't be repaired, unless I take off the 2 side parts. See attached photos.
The plastic piece that covers the nose guard will not stay on. I've tried all the extra one's that comes with the glasses to no avail. The nose piece is very sharp and will scratch your nose without the plactic guard.
Material is ok, not comfortable on the Achilles' tendon. Probably won't buy another pair
A shoe is a shoe, right? Turns out, no, sometimes a shoe is a thin, weak piece of junk.
What can I say?.. I'm going to throw it away after 2 month of everyday use. This is not what I expected. Also material is stretchy, not comfortable at all.
These shoes would be comfortable if they were the size advertised. I bought 10.5 W a year ago. They are not wide and they are not 10.5. They are normal width and 10s. The shoe is somewhat tight and the toe box is cramped. If I walk a lot in them, my toes rub together and get blisters. If they were the size advertised, particularly being actually wide, the would be great.
I wear a size 10 and these were too small. too narrow also. I wish they had fit.
I did not like the shoe strings in this at all.
Huge difference from the Ecco shoes I purchased several years ago. These are a cheap imitation leather made in China. I don't expect these to last nearly as long as my old pair that finally broke down at the heel after 10 years of use. They are nice looking but not the quality that I was expecting.
A little too bulky for me. They seem to run smaller. My toe was right at the front which hurt after My hike. My ankle area in the back blistered from the shoe rubbing. Wore them once and will need to purchase a new pair. A different brand.
Basically they are not working at all as far as my heel slipping up & down in the shoe. I even doubled up on them and no better. It's only one shoe that I have this problem so I feel it's probably more the shoe than anything else.
The sizing chart is NOT accurate! These run at least a FULL SIZE TOO SMALL!!! I have a very narrow foot and wear a size 6 womens shoe but these are more like a size 5 but extremely snug which squeezes my foot. I recommend ordering a full size up!
This pair was defective in the sole, one being much higher than the other, resulting in an uncomfortable fit. Because of a family trip in August, I was not able to wear them until Aug. 31st and discovered the defect. I have an identical pair, purchased last year, and they are fine. See photo below where the arch on left shoe is thicker than the right. As you can see, they are brand new. I would like to exchange them for another pair. Can you please help me with this return? Thank you for your consideration.
Not that great...wouldn't recommend.
Not really impressed with these. They run small on my foot and aren't nearly as comfortable as I would have hoped they would be. Too many lumpy and rough seams for my liking. If I wear socks with the slipper, it feels better, but that causes the slipper to fit even smaller. I was going to return them, but decided to not even bother with the process. The search for a comfortable summer house shoe continues.
The overall quality is good BUT the left lens does not fit correctly. There is a space close to the nose piece and the hole for the anchor screw does not line up correctly. I tripled checked that I was installing the lenses correctly. I recommend the company double check their specs for future orders.
Like the sneakers, look like someone wore them then sent them back. Don't want to send them back because it just seems like it would be to much for me
First, this shoe is very wide so if your kid has a wide foot, it will probably work well. One of the shoes came broken in regards to the lights. I appreciate that there are replacement lights, but if one broke before I even received it, then I am not very hopeful for how these will hold up for an active kid.
The fit is not ideal. I almost think it could be a knock off unless the brand has changed its sizing and way its made. It doesn't feel the same as my first high end department store purchased pair. Feels less well made and fit is not as comfortable. Upper straps loose fitting. Edge rubbed against my foot and hurts. Is this an imposter that is fooling you Amazon? I won't order this from amazon again.
Order a size up ! too small for my husband
Tight not much clearance for foot to fight under straps u less you gave a thin foot
Listened to the reviews saying to order 2 sizes smaller because they run super big. I'm normally a 9 1/2 so I ordered a 8, which turned out to be way too small even when I'm barefoot (no socks.) I tried wearing them for a few hours and my feet were killing me. I had blisters on the sides of my feet from them wearing for a few hours (I'm a dog groomer.) they made my feet sweaty and uncomfortable. Definitely disappointed.
Horribly inflexible sneakers. Total disappointment.
The shoes I received had the zipper in a completely different spot and does not zip up. The zipper hangs low and could catch on something. It's a completely different look. Not like the picture. I am returning them.
Very tight and rubbed on the back of my ankle. Maybe it needs some breaking in, but they were so tight I didn't want to put them back on again.
There is memory foam in one, and not the other. Unfortunately I did not try them prior to the day I needed them to walk around a theme park. So it was a long, uncomfortable day.
Nice leather and a great size. Unfortunately the strap is coming apart after 1 day. If the elastic was more substantial it would be perfect. Tried to return but this seller doesn't give any options for exchange or returns.
The exterior of the boot is made well. The lining inside is not. After only a couple hours of use ( not even in snow) the inner lining had a hole in it. They weren't tight, there was actually a little bit of wiggle room to spare so I don't understand how the hole was made.
Sloppy and kind of shapeless. Just ok.
They ran smaller than most slides ,I wear a 10 & never have to go up a size , especially when wearing slide ins. Their also a big tight still breaking them in..they leave a welp currently after take them off.
Zipper broke after only 8 months....zippers are plastic....thought they would hold up...then the teeth broke while zippering...
They didn't look right on me
Poor quality! The case does not completely shut.
like everyone else is saying, these run big. when using the small zipper it creates a bump in the fabric making it uncomfortable on the ankle. the zippers a hard to get up so it will take some wax to get them to work.
Didn't fit properly, returned.
Loved how the shoe is light but there is no arch support.
The booties are well made and stylish but at her usual shoe size they are too tight for my wife to wear with anything but her thinnest stockings. We know that they have a built in sock lining but the inability to wear her normal casual socks was a deal breaker for us.
These shoes wore out in just a few months. No arch support. And soles fall apart quickly.
If you have a larger calf ...well anything larger than a tooth pick then this will likely not work. Once I got my leg in there the foot section felt fine until the circulation from mid calf started to be cut off from being so tight. In short, if you have smaller legs this will be a great option for you I think but bigger guys with muscle tone in the legs will have issues.
Package came thrashed and scuffs all over the shoes. Wore them once and thats that.
Cute but too small. My order was not delivered to me on time so I did not know that it would be so small resulting a new outfit change since she could not wear the shoes. My daughter wears size 5 shoes and I ordered 5.5. The shoes are really a size 4. Will be returning these shoes and will not be wasting my time ordering shoes from Amazon again.
The bag looks good but it is hard to place your pet into the bag because the sides collapse (material is floppy and not firm enough). The bag is for a pet at least 8-10 lbs. My maltese is 5 pounds and the bag is too big — should manufacture in small, medium or large.
They made a noise every time I took a step.
So disappointed. I purchased these based on a pair of asics I've had for a few years. I purchased a 1/2 size larger and these are so tight they are hurting my feet. Leaving red marks on my feet. Not at all a good investment.
I would have given Amazon 5 stars, because the glasses are nice, however, their drivers insist on delivering my packages to my front step rather than my door, even after complaining. Thank God my packages were not stolen this time. Walmart is looking better by the day.
The side pieces are too small and it is difficult to keep the glasses from falling off my face
These are a less expensive option than Toms but not nearly as comfortable. I've had to put insoles in for heel cushioning.
Exactly what I wanted, unfortunately the print is upside down! I was able to ask for a replacement or refund. Hopefully the replacement is correct I really like this clutch.
It was not one I ordered.. Only one came the color out ordered.. I can still use them.. But I was disappointed when I saw I didn't have when I ordered.
Really upset the color doesn't accurately represent the flat. I'm not a fan of the darker gray. I like the light gray. Annoying to have to return things.
I like that the Slippers were comfortable. Pieces of the black fur would fall out and I'd find little fur balls on the floor. The heel section wasted away. Too expensive for the quality and cheaply made. I would not purchase them again.
Too heavy and bulky.
I thought they would be easy to use once they were in my shoes. Not so!!! A large length must be left upon installation but is needed later when putting shoes on and off. This then leaves a large length of lace and spring loaded button which flops around when walking. The laces need to be loosened to put shoes on but the button is almost impossible to use as the spring is so strong.
Didn't help me with night vision, however, I have Glaucoma so that may be the reason. I plan on giving them to my husband to try to see if they help with his night vision.
I had to return these shoes because they were way too small. I couldn't even get my foot in it.
I disliked the inside slipper fit/design. It hurt the tips of my toes. Also the product had a label that read "Do not get slippers near fire". This concerned me very much. I feel that the product was dangerous to use.
Bought these for my husband to wear around the house. I like the color/print and they fit as expected. However, as with most things, you get what you paid for. Cheap slippers. The third time he wore them, the sole on his right slipper came off!! Well half off. We will try to glue back on as a return isn't even worth the hassle.
The fit was fine but it began to come apart at the sole after only very occasional use over the period of 3 weeks. Very disappointing.
1) I'm true size of women 7.5 This size 8 Sandler's is too small for me. My toes touch the front rim of the Sandler's and make me uncomfortable while walking. It should be marked as size 7 not size 8 2) very bad smell
I honestly can't remember how they fit, but I'm sure I sized up/down or ordered my usual size according to other reviewer's recommendations. I ended up sending them back right after trying them on though, because the heather gray ones I ordered were much lighter than pictured and seemed to be made of jersey knit, which looked cheesy and also didn't seem durable enough for shoes. I can't speak for the other colors, but the gray ones were definitely not as cute in person as they are in the picture.
Not a comfortable shoe. Very little arch support.
They look nice in the product picture posed, but the material was super thin and cheap, not to mention the right bottom leg seam was ripped. Unfortunately I had to return them. :(
I bought these for work and about a month after I got them the sole started coming apart and the shoe was wearing down.
The recipient loved it but it broke the same day so we had to return it. Super cute but won't last long so we didn't reorder unfortunately bc she really liked it
They are exactly what I wanted. I wear a 6 1/2 so I ordered a 7. The size 7 is so big plus after only a week they were even bigger. They lost there shape and no support at all. I wish I had returned them but the just looked to awful. They also pulled and look as pictured after only one week. Top Buttons came off had to see them back on. Very disappointed.
The style and fit of these sunglasses is exactly what I loved about them (I kept the Pink/Gold pair). I may be weird, but I don't like sunglasses where people can see right through and see your eyes. These shades were just not black enough to achieve the look I was going for. Might pick up some of the other mirrored ones
I purchased these shoes on June 27. 2019, on July 7, 2019 the sole began to peel off of them. I cannot recommend them.
i was supper excited about this bag and when i got it i was not disappointed. supper cute, spacious and fashionable. Unfortunately the low review is due to the durability of the bag. i went to DC on a weekend trip and on the day we walked around the city, i had in total placed my bag down maybe 4 times, and they were mostly chairs or table tops and never the ground by the end of the day i noticed that the bottom rim of the bad was ripped and snagged and the bottom side material was also snagged and ripped. I dont know how this severe of a rip could have happen when the bag was on my back for the majority of the day, but the quality is not there.
I wear heels often but I had to change shoes quickly after only 30 mins of wearing these. They feel horrible! It's a no for me!!!!
Not as big as I expected
I ordered a size 11 in men and received a size 10. I even paid for faster shipping and im disappointed that it's not what I paid for
Not what I expected.
I purchased these for $23 and would have returned them had I paid more. If you remember what tennis shoes were like in the 1970's, that is exactly what these are.
I got a pair of these boots from my son-in-law 8 years ago and loved them. I wore those boots out. After enjoying these boots soo much, I thought another pair were the logical choice. My initial thought when receiving the new pair was "well...these LOOK similar to my old ones." They felt a bit cheaper. Not as quality construction. Yet, they may be better, so I gave them a chance. I wear these boots 5 days a week as a security officer. Nothing overly strenuous, an inside job for the most part. After wearing the boots for a couple months, I noticed a crack starting on my left boot, in the crease where my toes bend back. I added boot polish, thinking maybe it was dried out or some issue was there. The crack has gotten worse and I am now seeing the same problem starting on the other boot. I dont know if this was a one off or a fluke, yet it changes my desire to buy 5.11 boots in the future.
Smart and attractive looks, large reading lens . The arm attachment is poorly designed. Two microscopic screws holding the arm broke after 2 -3 uses . Got full refund from seller
Usually don't post Amazon reviews but I felt I needed to on these. I purchased these recently and in less than 2 months, they are falling apart. The outer coating of the shoe is separating. I understand these are cheap but I could've gotten him a pair of Name brand for $10 more and got months of wear out of them.
While I love this shoe beware of purchasing it! I had to order it twice now and it's still not the right fit but I refuse to keep paying for a shoe that I am ordering and receiving smaller. For the price it's worth going into a store to make sure you get the right fit the first time around. Whose to say I send it back a 3rd time to only end up with another wrong size.
Not actual size. Runs about half a size small. Normally I am an 8 but I need an 8.5 in this shoe. Also if you have wide feet, you may want to go up a full size. The straps are a little tight.
Ended up returning this, because it was poorly made. Seams started to pull apart on the inside, because the liner was such a thin material.
Small purse, short chain, easily scratched so be very careful.
The heel is too narrow and not adjustable.
I bought this shoe for my daughter in light purple and it was GREAT. I bought a spare pair in teal, and the plastic must be different because it is so tight she can't get her feet in them. It's like they made the back strap too short when they produced this color. Don't recommend the teal.
Size is ok to fit in Speedy 30. However, material doesn't feel good. Feels kind of rough. My friend shows me that the one she got is waterproof and also feels much softer than this. I'm now debating whether to return it or not since I don't like to deal with the hassle..
Not stylish. Okay as far as comfort.
Expensive for foam inserts. They crush your toes!
I really liked these at first. Unfortunately after a few weeks of wear, the rubber sole started to separate from the upper part of the shoe.
Very cheap. You get what you paid for and I decided to pay more for a better boot.
The sizing on these shoes is horribly inaccurate. My son wears a toddler 6 (soon will be in 7). I ordered a 5 and 6 based on other reviews and even the 5 was at least 2 sizes too big. Byte shoes, though.
My daughter ❤️❤️❤️❤️ this!! So and beautiful! BUT 4 days after wearing them... And the bottoms were already ripped on the inside! 🤦 Big deal to my sensory girl!! Really disappointed!
It came real quick through DHL here in UAE, Dubai. 3 cans of it... 1st concern is that thr color of the cans are green with description on the front saying “for all colors”. Hope it is the same because the brown one is the one I was told to get in a youtube tutorial. 2nd concern is that one of the cans... the soap inside is a dried up dark brown hardened material which means to say that Out of three, 1 is already expired or somehow consumed. That one also had a hole right in the middle of the cover... Not too happy with that.
You will get what you pay for! Overall the sunglass is good however nose pad is very hard and wide, as if it is hitting your eyes, it really hurts after wearing for few minutes. lense edges are very rough, it scratches your skin if it touches by chance. its been a week it doesn't feel like wearing it, planing to return it, paying few more bucks will get a good quality ones.
The leg part was too wide for my leg. Looked goofy.
nice bag, but the smell it comes with is so strong and overwhelming no matter what i did the smell never went away. did not use it at all have it somewhere in the closet since i received it...
Cute shoes! Run really small, my daughter wears a 9 toddler, could not even get her foot in this 9 :( had to return
This pair of shoes is very rustic on the feet. Enough is enough!
I've had these installed for about 5 days, and the average life of these after sunset is only about 2.5 hours, maybe 3. The website advertises 8-10 I think, which is a far cry shorter than what I've observed. Despite the short lifetime, it's a great idea with the 'flickering' flame, which is just a series of LED's that blink upwards from the bottom in a cycle. You can see the individual LEDs that create this effect, but it still is kinda neat, it's just really hard on the battery. The motion sensing is great. The lamp, except for the lifetime of the battery, is pretty great. Two stars for a good idea. Too bad the observed lifetime is garbage. Too bad I also already drilled into my house :-/ These are getting returned for a different solar lamp that isn't operating all the time to so the battery's don't get tapped!
If you have an infant, don't buy these. All my 8 month old wants to do is untie the laces. I wish I bought a pair without laces.
I ended up sending these back. They just seemed soooo cheap and fragile. They were light, I guess. I ended up going with the Spy Optic Tele's which were the same price and the build quality is 10x better.
I got stuck with these because I missed the return window. Unfortunately what attracted me to these shoes is that they came in a women's size 12. But for those of you with Size 12 - do not order. They will be too small! and they don't have an 12.5. From my experience, most manufacturers make their size 12's slightly larger - not for Columbia however. too bad. they are cute and constructed well
I gave this product 2 stars due to the shoe being too snug in the toebox. The bottom of the shoe is very narrow and sometimes causes me to bellow over on my ankle when walking (if that makes sense). Shoe fits very snug and after wearing it a while (more like an hour or longer) my feet tend to swell and the shoe gets extremely tight at that point. It's not a size issue because the shoe feels good once I put it on and wear it up to about an hour and then begins to get really tight and the heel and bottom is very narrow so the tightness and narrowness of the shoe itself becomes very uncomfortable- Just isn't a shoe I wear and now keeps in my closet.
Not comfortable. Don't like the color. Wish I wouldn't have ordered.
My daughter loves them, but beware that the color on the photo is off. The photo shows the shoes as baby pink, but actually the shoes are in much darker hot pink (and much more sparkly). They are also on the tighter end. Otherwise, nice shoes with cool light-effects. Also, as many people have said, THESE RUN SMALL. After a few months of light wearing, my daughter complains that they are too tight. Her other shoes of the same size work very well. Disappointed...
They fit small, so for long term use they would not work. I would have exchanged them had I had the time to do so before my trip. Unfortunately they went into the trash after one use.
These shoes are very cute. The bow is glued on with hot glue and one bow fell off within 4hrs of wearing them. I had to sew the bow back on. The zipper on the back of the shoe also gets jammed a lot. These shoes are cute, but poorly made.
Not comfortable at all. A real let down.
I think the inner lining has a fold which is unconfortable to the big toe. It can be ignored in one shoe but the other rubs the big toe.
They do run a little smaller so I would suggest to size up. My daughter really wanted to wear them right away but we noticed that the boots are different sizes even tho they are marked the same size. Not worth keeping because of the sizing issue. Other than that, really light weight and they seem good quality. Can't say if they keep toes dry since we won't be using them and will be returning.
These are my favorite flops. This will be the third time that I have bought them in the past 5 years and they really hold up well! Unfortunately, these are not made like the ones I would buy at my local surf shop. I'm usually a size 9 and after reading the reviews, they state to size up. I bought a 10. Still too small and tight. That same day they delivered, I bought a size 11. They are still tight. I'm going to try and stretch them and make them work for my trip in two days or they would be returned as well. Ladies above a size 8, do not order from this supplier because they run small. I've never had this issue buying them in stores.
This slipper arrived damaged and was ripped so i returned.
too tight and too narrow
I'm a 7 1/2 in most shoes buy an 8 online so I know they will fit. Bought an 8 in these and could have probably used a 9
I usually love Bearpaw boots for the fit and quality--better than those "other" more expensive brands! Not sure what happened but these were incredibly tight --I'm a true 9 and have always worn that size with Bearpaw. I don't have wide feet either so 9 usually works--not this time. Even debated taking them to get stretched but even the sole seems too stiff so; don't want to risk it not working and being out the money. Very disappointed because I love this brand and it had been my go to boot for years!
Not bad except they only lasted a couple weeks b4 the soles started to split and now when there's water around my feet they get wet. Wouldn't buy again
Doesn't hold onto my leg nearly well enough. I have pretty broad legs, and when putting them on they felt fairly tight. Whenever I'd run with them, though, they would slip towards my feet. Tried both above and below socks.
They felt nice, were comfortable. Looked nice too. But they did not last even four months. The sole under the ball of the feet have worn down badly. I usually wear 9.5, but got size 10 for these. The fit was right.
I'm usually pleased with my Amazon prime purchases. I like the shoes, but they were clearly previously worn; lightly worn, but still worn. The bottoms were dirty as if someone had worn them once or twice outside. Luckily they were mailed directly to me. I hate to imagine if they were a 🎁 gift sent directly to another party. Nowhere, when I ordered the sneakers, did it say USED.
These are very small. They did not sit right on my nose, pinched my nostrils closed. Returned them.
Really nice looking glasses, hence the 2 stars, but I have to be looking directly through the center point to see out of them. If I deviate 1/16 of an inch, it's distorted badly around the edges inward toward the center. Maybe it's because I needed 4.50 strength. I don't know. My first time going to this power glasses. But I will try another company in case, just to see.
THE TOE BOX SEEMS REALLY WIDE. I CAN'T KEEP THE SHOE TIGHT. SELLER IS GREAT WITH FAST SHIPPING
Nice shades. But, they showed up with the frame already scratched.
The bag itself was cute but its not durable. The hooks snapped as soon as I picked it up.
They are soooooo flimsy!!!!!!!!!!
These felt wonderful on my feet - the liner is very pleasing - but when I walked, my heels lifted out and which made the shoe (right one mostly) move away from solid footing. Feet didn't stay stable in them - like I could trip on it. Bummer, I'm returning them.
So wasn't sure what to expect with this shoe. Does have a rubber sole with some cushioning. I wasn't expecting the design to just be painted on a thin white canvas (?) material. It's a cool design. I don't think they would last long. I bought a sz 9 as i wear inserts. With inserts it pinched across the top of my foot. Also in just wearing barefoot it dimpled on top where my toes were, cause of the thin material.
The product description states the sole is memory foam, however it is a cheap sole insert that can be purchased at the dollar store..I could feel the bottom of the shoe when I walk..Very uncomfortable and I am so disappointed because I really need a nice walking shoe...The shoe arrived today and a return has already been requested...Not worth the price...
I wish they would translate the size for the US, got a pair hoping I made them too big- still super small.
They are in fact sunglasses. Painfully mediocre sunglasses. The problem with them isn't any specific problem but a number of near-misses in the design and application. It surprised me, the average review rating for these when I got them. They're not terrible, but they're not great either. The lenses are polarized, but it's not the same as what you would find on a nice pair of Ray Bans or Maui Jims. It's very dark and blocks certain colors. The logo on the side of the arm is tacky and immediately noticeable at a glance. They're wide at the eyebrow and had to be bent a bit to make them even. The nose pads are uncomfortable and rigid, so if you wear your sunglasses a little lower than placing the pads directly between your eyes, they're not going to work for you. Either way, my dogs ate the box while I was at work today, so I guess I own them now. I'll consider it a lesson in trying to cut corners when I should have just purchased what I wanted from the start.
I opened the package and the strap is frayed and there are strings sticking out all over. It's a super cute purse but I was really disappointed
Doesn't tighten around ankles enough so they constantly fall off as other baby shoes do.
Overall the quality is Excellent. Shoes run smaller then stated. I will be sending back for refund.
The phone bag was beautiful, with good quality leather and workmanship. However, the credit card slots were tight and my adult fingers couldn't reach through the narrow opening to use more than the top two slots. Only the sides are gusseted, so it would not expand enough to add or retrieve other small items. Even the phone slot was too tight to use comfortably. The phone fits nicely into the zippered compartment, but unzipping three sides to reach a ringing phone is awkward. Sorry, but I had to return this item.
Boots are even larger than the chart and reviews state.
I have never bought a pair of shoes that didn't come in a box, they cam in a plastic bag all smashed up, not even the cheap ones, please put your shoes in a box so customers don't receive smashed shoes!!!
Returned. Daughter didn't like them
The strap redesign does not accommodate content load and is beginning to fray after only two months of use. I'd like to return it frankly. I have had many Baggallini bags over the years, and this new strap is a failure.
The lenses are extremely blurry. With my contacts in it feels like make me see two prescriptions weaker.
The bottoms of the shoes began to tear after an hour of wearing them.
Ordered 1/2 size bigger. Still too small. Now they want $12.00 shipping. I'm out.
Very cheaply made! Waste of money!
Nice cushy insole but no arch support. If you replace memory foam insole with arch support insole, shoe has no cushioning at all. Made my feet ache horribly. Only get if you don't need arch support.
Although they are for my son I'll write the review! Just got yesterday and he tried them on and is not sure about fit. He will have to wear in house to see if he likes them, just not sure yet
ONE OF THE STRAPS IS SO LOOSE IT LOOKS UGLY,,SENT THEM BACK.
Not sojos, the mirror is very cheap plastic that you can see right through.
The handle immediately broke.
I bought these just to kick around in on the weekends running errands, and other non-athletic activities. They are cool looking shoes, my daughter thinks I'm a pretty sporty dad when I wear them. Unfortunately, they are not comfortable at all. I thought the foam soles would provide lots of cushion but they are not cushy at all. I didn't return them because for the price they are still decent shoes for what I need them for. Had I tried them on in a store first, I would not have bought them. That is the danger of shopping online for something as important as shoes.
I bought these sandals thinking it would be the a great summer wear type of sandals. Totally different from what was on the pictures!!! I ordered the blue and brown colored ones and let me just say the colors are totally off from what you see on pics. Especially the blue ones. It's sooo much lighter and it's such an odd looking blue. As for the other color (brown) it isn't as bad. It is very lightweight almost as if it's styrofoam. I'm almost scared to use them for an all day affair.
Pretty shoes but I was sent a size 9 instead of the 6 I ordered. The color was off from my dress too so not going to exchange.
Another reviewer commented that there was a manufacturing defect in the toe of these boots that was a permanent crease. I never imagined this would be common but it was on both of the boots I ordered. They came in a shoe bag, not box, and they were very squashed. Also I ordered kids size 1 and they were huge. The ankle area was giant they were falling off both my kids feet. Returned both pair.
Print is cute. Material is super thin. I held up and could literally see through them and not just the light but the actual scenery. They fit a little loose as well. Item returned
Not what I would have expected
They seem great but then within a couple of weeks they got scratched just a little and I only kept them in my car once they got scratched it was bad to look with them as the light came threw so that was the end of them. I just think it's a cheap price for a cheap coating. You pay for what you get.
Ordered childs size 11. Way too small more like an 8 in size.
I was soooo happy when I received my shoe within two days . But when I tried it on way too big for me and the bottom of the shoe is also soft there's no support for my arch.
These are labeled 8.5 They are at least a half size too small. I cannot wear them.
Meh. Got the white ones. There is a little wire sticking out of the hinge on one side. Quality is subpar but since I need them for a trip this weekend I am not going to return.
I'm not very tall so the boots looked way to big for me
I like them but had to return because they were extremely narrow
Disappointed in the sizing, had to exchange
I wore these sandals they are very loose and dragging They need more holes to make a comfortable fit...
The fastener came apart the same day I received it.
Average quality of manufacture.
I have a wide foot and fat ankles, a little difficult for me to put on, probably won't wear them, waste of money, I should have gotten flats.
Hey folks, check the shoe sizes! Liked the shoes but, although labeled the same size, one shoe was 1/2 size (inch) smaller than the other!!
My wife and I were looking for a light-weight crossbody bag for her mother thinking it would be the perfect easy-to-use bag for around town. My mother--in-law was not bowled over nor were we. First off, the brand identifier tag was sewn on crooked which is an immediate indicator that there was a lack of quality control at the factory level. Second, it's smaller than it looks in the product photo. It's roomy enough for basics, but just barely--and looks much smaller than product photo on page. It's not a bag to wow anyone. It's an unimpressive, half-functional looking purse. Though the price point is reasonable, you get what you pay for. Not recommended.
I DIDN'T THINK TO SEND THEM BACK. PUT THEM IN THE BOX, WORE THEM TWICE AND IT WAS TOO LATE TO RETURN. THEY JUST DIDN'T FIT LIKE I EXPECTED THEM. THEY HAVE NO SUPPORT AND WERE TIGHT IN TOES.
These shoes are comfortable but they slip off my heel when I am walking.
i loved this bag when i saw it and immediately ordered it for an upcoming vacation and was FLOORED when i received it. it is TINY. i'm not sure if i was sent the wrong one but what i received is definitely not what i ordered! the only thing that fits is my wallet, phone and a couple bottles of sunblock! how frustrating!
Cheap quality did not seem like the real oakley's
Not made well around the toes. Little tie sticks out
I liked these blue light glasses because they were very simple and cute. Unfortunately even though I handled them with care, the lens frame and hinges broke within 2 months of having them. I would recommend finding a brand that is better quality, even if that means paying a little more.
too small, and a lower heel than I thought.
Material felt strange and stiff, not comfortable.
Boots are sturdy and seem well made. However. They are narrow and very uncomfortable to wear. I have had them on for 10 hours a days for over a week now and its not getting any better. I'm really frustrated by these boots.
While these are very comfortable and look nice, they are already falling apart. One slipper has stitches loose after less than a month of wearing and the other slipped has a hole in it. Never worn outside. Can not recommend to purchase.
Very cute. But didn't last long. I had it for about a month before the handles ripped. Definitely wouldn't recommend or waste my money on this.
I have bad ankles, especially my Achilles tendon. Wanted a slide that would help my feet feel better. This slide is just a slide, no real discernable difference from others.
When this arrived this bag world very well for me. I love all the pockets. However, it is very poorly made. The inside material started ripping after 2 months of use. If you have the money to buy a bag every 2 1/2 months then this bag is for you. I need a bag that lasts at least a year.
Bought my size but they are very tight. I have more comfortable boots than these. House slippers should not have to be broken in. Even as tight as they were, the heels wanted to fall off my feet because they are so shallow, almost like flip-flops.
Size seems ok but seems a bit narrow near the base of the toes
They fit great and we're comfortable, would be fine for simply walking shoes. However I bought them specifically for Zumba, specifically because of the pivot point that is supposed to allow you to spin without stressing your knees. Trust me, if that's why you're buying these, try Bloch dance sneakers instead! They're the same price and they actually do spin, even if they're a little ugly! On my wooden dance floor, these completely stuck and gave me any troubles the first time I tried them. Too bad, they were cute!
Had to return. Picture not exactly what it was. Good quality though.
These things smell like shite every time I wear them; never had shoes do that. The wife is making me send them back as she says it is this cheap crap made in China by gooks.
I love the style and the color of these shoes. However, on my SECOND day wearing them, the seam on the side of the shoe detached itself from the sole. For how expensive they were, I wanted them to be higher quality. If you have a wide foot, these would be very comfortable but they were a little bit too wide for me.
Wore this to an amusement park. After one night in the pool of the hotel, the soles of the shoe was already starting to separate . Was like walking barefoot , kept my feet from the burning pavement. Could have went up in size . For the price I could have spent a little extra and get one with better quality
I loved this purse but it fell apart not a few months after i received. The only heavy thing i carried in it was my phone. Not even my keys
These shoes look gorgeous, but the fit is at least 2 sizes smaller than their label states. I bought a size 13. My actual size is a US 12.5, medium width. These shoes hardly went past my toes. I needed them for a family function and sadly had to change my outfit at the last minute because the shoes didn't fit.
The top was a bit tight and I'm a 36 B. I got a medium. I prob would still wear top but underboob is inevitable since the straps are not adjustable. Otherwise the top was cute. Bottoms fit weird and where the strappy parts are on each side the inner lining (tan/white material) showed no matter what and looked super odd. Not cute at all. Maybe I am just too wide for them. I have a 26" waist. Def for SHORT PETITE people.
Poor fitting keeps falling off
Definitely like the color but the sizing runs small.. I ordered a size 7 1/2 but small & narrow.
Boots showed up looking like 2 other people had worn em, laced up and dirty. But i threw my old boots out and needed the Timberlands for work the next day. I just let it slide, but i did pay over 100 bucks for used boots, and you asked for a review
Nice looking boots but the leather strap on the back tire immediately the first time I was trying them on. Makes me question the integrity and durability of the rest of the boot.
I thought I would have loved these glasses but they're way to big for my face if they would have maybe a picture in the photos of someone wearing them I probably wouldn't have bought seeing how big they are. I can't wear because they look rediculous on my face.
Unfortunately, I have to agree with many of the other posters who describe the shoe as too narrow. By this, I mean to say that the material that binds the top of the foot does not allow for me to get my entire foot through. There is plenty of room on the length of the footbed, but my toes cannot reach the tip - and subsequently my heel hangs off the back (which will eventually cause a blister). In addition, the material on the footbed seems highly synthetic and unbreathable. My foot felt uncomfortably warm, which will translate to sweaty with longer wear. The footbed material is also very thin, almost cardboard-like, so I can see how it would wear out easily. Arch support was disappointingly minimal. I have been a fan of Merrell shoes in the past, but this sandal is just not well thought out, and I also wonder if in the effort to utilize cheap manufacturers, the quality has suffered. I had to send them back.
Had to order 3x to get my size, and the third time i skipped a size, ultimately going from 38 to 41. Also, the shoes feels very plastic and extremely cheap.
The color was not what I wanted on the picture it looked like a deep purple but it lighter & had more of a pink tint!
Size is nice but the clip fell off both pairs immediately. Bummer can't clip on shirt
I used the bag 2 times and the strap fell off. The cloth strap (crossbody) is stitched to the plastic and it just detached and fell off my body as I was walking through the concert crowd. NOT GOOD!
Fit great, purchased these for the water park. Unfortunately the each had a whole in them within the first hour & stained my nailpolish on my toes black.
if you're looking for a slipper with no heel or a very limited heel this is your ticket to heaven. Otherwise this is garbage. Well made, yup, memory foam, so what?
Really heavy, my husband didn't like them.
My wife ordered these for her job as a nurse, and had to send back the first pair, as they were too tight. Now she has a second pair, and has told me he doesn't like them! Says they stink when she takes them off, and when she is wearing them, they squeak when she is walking around. Too late to send them back, but she has ordered some black Reebok's instead.
These shoes are rather heavy. Not water resistant or water proof. However, they look nice and I haven't had any punctures. After 3 months the shoes were complete trash. Would not recommend unless you use very lightly.
Didn't care for the color.
These were very cute, but I wore them once to a concert and already they have chunks missing from the front. I am assuming they are knock offs because these are meant to be industrial shoes. Very disappointed.
Very comfy, very soft. My heel slides out the top if the shoes are not laced tightly, and as my title suggests, they do not stay tied at all. I retie them every five minutes if I walking around! I went to the grocery store and retied them 4 times while I was there picking up milk and apples.
I had this purse less than a week and the lining fell apart. Very disappointed. I guess you get what you pay for.
they are worth $9.99 and not a penny more
They are made of cheap material so we returned them. Also the bottom was a slick material that does not grip the floor well and made it easy for our baby to slip. Price is good and you get what you pay for.
i literally just got them, have worn them for 5 minutes and they are already scuffed.
The fit was wide too short
There is a seam that protrudes into the toes so everytime it bends during walking it rubs on the toes very annoying. Blisters in 4 hours. I will try to break them in one day at a time but not impressed as of one week of ware.
Too big for my face.
I liked these until I had to wash them. I tossed them in the washer, by themselves, on cold and the gentle cycle then air-dried them as the instructions said. When I put them back on the memory foam had become unattached from the sole and bunched up in the most uncomfortable ways. I thought maybe I could just wear them for a day or two and it would spread back out and lay flat again, nope. I had to throw them away because after a couple of days of wear my feet were sore and walking in them was actually a little painful. Maybe someone else had a different experience washing them but that is my story.
Buyer is responsible for return costs...find a different seller.
I wanted to love this purse I got compliments on it. It was on the small side for me but it worked. I used it for two weeks and the lining is ripping. The center pocket has a hole straight through all I have used that pocket for is lipgloss. Wish I hadn't bought this purse.
I love the way these boots look. Till I put them on. Too large around leg, squeaky!
I always wear a 9 but other reviews said small so ordered a 10 still small and tight so waiting on size 11 now and if no good will return without exchange. The shoes are super cute but just extra narrow and not normal size
My son is 7 months old (in the 50th percentile) and the 6-12 month size were too small. Very dissappointed that he couldn't wear them at all as they're so cute! Two stars for design. Otherwise very disappointed. Wasn't worth my time to try and return them.
I was not satisfied with the quality of material. I have returned the shoes, but have not received a refund.
The shoe was really cute and had good quality. However it did not fit as advertised
This is usually my favorite brand! These are very cute and comfortable, but the first pair broke in a few hours of wearing them at work. (I have a desk job) I was sent a replacement pair, but I've been afraid to wear them, as I don't want the same thing to happen. 🤞 Update - I've changed my rating to 2 stars, as the replacement pair have broken as well. They lasted 2 days. Very disappointed.
I have bought many other crocs in the same size and they fit great. These are way too small/narrow. My foot will not stay all the way to the front--it keeps moving back off the back of the heel. I can't wear them.
Fits very well, light weight but have burning sensation bottom of the feet. Will have to return.
Soft but way too small, order a size up. Came in unprofessional packaging with no tag.
Seems to be holding up to the wear and tear a toddler can put on them, but definitely fits smaller than the size I ordered.
I ordered the gold frame with green lenses. I received the all black style.
I loved these boots... for 2 months. For about a week I noticed my step on my left side feeling off and sure enough the other day I noticed the block heel was splitting. You get what you pay for, but I guess I expected them to last a bit longer as I had a previous pair at a similar price point that lasted a year. Too bad because they are really very cute and comfortable.
the bottom was a weird material and kind of sticks to your feet - getting rid of them - did like the different color straps
They look ok but cheap and they already lost the little gold piece on the side after wearing one time.
women's sz 8; they are HUGE; I had to put a second insole into it AND wear thick socks and they are still loose.
the lining started to be separated from leather the edge overall it is nice bag for the price
They were ok. I would have been better off just going to my local target and purchasing their polarized glasses. My left lens popped out after about two weeks.
When I got this bag in the mail I was very impressed with the look of the bag however a week into owning it on of the straps snapped as I was walking down the street. How embarrassing
The sox are just tubs an have n heals, so not what I wanted.
My 5 year old girl loves these. Toes of shoe get scuffed pretty easily.
I put them on and my foot had way too much room and they just didn't feel comfortable. ordered my size and width but these where too big all around.
Loved these shoes until I ordered the same size of my last order 10.5 and this pair is 1/2 to 3/4 smaller wth
The top pouch is starting to come undone. Is there anything that can be done?
I love these shoes. I wear them everyday all day. This pair is my fourth pair over the years tha I have ordered and they do fit a little snug when you get them but form to your feet after a few days. However, for some reason. This pair, or color,for some reason is smaller. Nightshade. I measured them against my pair now wearing out and they are definitely cut smaller even though they are the exact same size and shoe. I will reorder ina new color, but just found it odd.
Fit small, ordered 9 got 8.5 AGAIN!
Love the way it feels, the way it fits. However I clearly ordered the black ones and instead they sent the dark brown ones out to me. I just checked. Was sent out quickly
I love the shoe they are very pretty and lightweight however they run very small! Order up 2 sizes!
I had to return these due to the fact that they were very slippery on our tile floors. They were also very hard, not much cushion to them.
The packaging was more impressive than the product. These glasses are fragile poorly made and will break if you breathe on them too hard.
Hurt my feet. Not quite as comfortable as other Timberland Pros I've owned in the past. I have had numerous compliments regarding style when it comes to these shoes but then I have to explain that the shoes aren't comfortable.
This was returned in January with another order in the same box,I haven't received my refund.
Has a funny glare to the lenses.. If you have a big head they will not fit right.
If you want some good quality but overpriced slippers then these are for you. The laces are mostly decorative and provide little function. These slippers are horrible for any physical activity other than lifting weights inside a gym. Avoid puddles and going out in the rain as the fabric is not water resistant.
Hard to tell size through pics - way too small.
The shoe is very comfortable but the material is not too firm.
I've owned two pairs of these sunglasses. The first lasted a few months before the plastic on the arm hinge broke. Completely unfixable. However, I loved how lightweight and stylish they were, so I ordered another pair. The first day I unfortunately dropped them two feet from a chair to the floor, which severely scratched one of the lenses. Now after a month of owning them, the top of the left lens frame broke apart for no apparent reason, causing the lens to fall out.
Wish it didn't unraveled during first time being worn. Very comfortable. Would order more if made better and would last longer before unraveling.
I've been wearing them in the pools several times per week and in less than 2 months they have started to fall apart.
Wore them yesterday for the first time and this detail on the back tore immediately. Other than that the quality is good.
If everything wasn't from China the stuff mught fit, gonna start shopping at walmart
The shoe is very comfortable and fits right, but after the first day of wearing them the synthetic leather just rippled. I thought it was just from walking and just wear, so I tried to have the same thing happen to the right shoe and it didn't happen. I'm very disappointed and will be returning them.
I was disappointed. This is the second time I have ordered from you. Both times the picture showed the blue lense pair in a silver frame but when they arrived they were in a gold frame. Not going to try again. Will try another seller
I though it would hold a lot more than it does and the zippers barely work
Comfortable to wear but only lasted me about a month before tearing.
Not compfy at all, and first day wearing and the material on bottom of shoes is coming off....
These shoes are pretty ugly.
The glasses look great but the catch is they fall apart within a week. I bought these for my vacation and one of the sides kept piping out and made them impossible to where look and feel great but poorly made
I think the shoes were too small for me but I ordered the right size. But the shipping speed was fast.
Cute but not very comfortable they are kinda hard and hurt between my toes.
as much as i loved the shoes.... during my first day of wearing them the heel snapped off. they are very cute & fit comfortably. but the fact that the first few hours of wearing them they got ruined was extremely upsetting. trying to arrange a replacement
I bought this bag, quality and space were good but now I can longer use it as the clasp has fallen out completely. All efforts to fix it have been futile.
These shoes are definitely not worth $42. When I first got the shoes, they looked great and were comfortable. However, they didn't even last 9 months. The shoes started to fall apart around the 6 month mark of wearing them.
I wore them daily for about two weeks before the arm fell off. It looks like the metal part was just glued into the wood. So they're fixable, but the fact that I have to fix them at all is a disappointment.
Uncomfortable and runs very small
Poor fit all over. Returning!
Boots were cute, but runs small
Way too sweaty for my taste.
Too large and the middle section is useless! It has Velcro on each side to secure it to the outer shell but it does not secure to the bottom. unless the items are large /tall, they will fall under the middle insert.. I purchased this for my Frye Melissa Shoulder bag
Too long for my puma basket heart sneakers. But the lace is pretty I guess.
Loved the amount of pockets and space but in less than a month the strap broke off. Cheap material.
the loop on the handle broke after a couple of uses.
These shoes were ok, terrible quality material (which I should have expected from price), but they are cute. They run a tiny bit tight if you have wide feet, so buy a half size bigger.
Not true to size. I'm a 6.5 & ordered the 5-6. But they are an inch too long. So I wouldn't recommend these to anyone who wears lower than a 7.5. They'd be a nice shoe if they were true to size.
Nice wallet but couldn't get rid of strong smell from whatever toxic stuff they use to treat the leather. I gave it away.
I ordered a black backpack like the one of the image above, but was delivered a purse/open tote with a zippered pocket insert. It is a nice purse just not what I wanted.
I have tried so many flip flops and sandals trying to find a cute and comfortable pair for my wide feet. Pros: -Nice, cushy footbed with some flexibility -The decoration is silver studs, not rhinestones Cons: -One toe strap is a little shorter than the other which creates awful rubbing. I didn't notice this until I had worn them for a few hours. :( I don't know if this is typical or just a fluke that got by Quality Control. If not for that one Con, these would be the perfect flip flops. If you have a foot on the wider side, these will fit you well. EDITED to add: I took these on vacation as my only pair of shoes and they were killing me! The short toe strap dug into my foot requiring a bandaid every day. Also, the edge of the strap on the top of my foot rubbed my foot raw. I have scarred/healed rubbed off skin area on my feet now. Yikes! Too bad because the footbed is incredibly comfortable and the style is cute. I have to change my four star review to 2 stars because I can't wear them and they gave me broken skin and scars. (Why 2 stars? 1 star for footbed comfort and 1 star for style)
Got these for the firehouse. Not the best show for here. But they are comfortable. Maybe a desk job shoe
If these come off of your toddler while wet, good luck getting them back on. We had to buy Teva brand shoes in Hawaii because these were useless. Probably better suited for older kids.
It doesn't look horrible but it doesn't stay closed no matter how hard I pull the strings.
Ripped after one use Went Kayaking and stepping out of boat onto rock and ripped through the side. Bottoms seem great and great traction but material on sides is cheap.
Bought a pair of these as work shoes, because they don't have the holes in them. Unfortunately, after leaving the pair in my car overnight, one of the shoes melted or froze not really sure which of the two it did (temp fluctuates from 80 in the day to 40 at night) but either way one of the two shoes shrank significantly. Went from being slightly large of a fit (ordered a size ten I believe) to impossible to squeeze my foot in (around a size 6 or 7 rough estimate. Its a bummer cause I've only had this pair for roughly a month.
It pinched my toes on the side. Super cute shoes would have very comfortable it it wasn't for that. Soft leather, nice design. I had to send them back
Too bulky for anything but boots. Too much arch. Material seems alright. Useless to me though.
It has a bad smell it doesn't go way
I have med to slightly wide feet. I knew these were not leather. The polyurethane was not soft and was like vinyl (unforgiving fit.) I would suggest to order a half size up or may need to order wide if you have feet like me. These do not feel relaxed. They are on the tighter side of medium. The insole is memory foam but does not spring back right away. It felt like my foot would be in a crater. Skechers have different varieties of memory insoles. This one I did not like. These have a nice non-slip sole on the bottoms.
I bought these because they said they had adjustable sides. I tried to put them on and couldn't barely get them around my calf.
So it unfortunately did not come with 20 pieces, it was more like 10 pieces. They were also very easy to break. Two of mine broke of the clip already
Cheap looking. Baby couldn't walk in them.
These glasses were bent when I received them. They don't sit straight on my face. Haven't worn
for the money, expected bigger!!
Product ripped after only being used a handful of times
Not near the quality of all my other boc or born shoes. Very cheaply made
Cute but broke after like 3 wears
I'm not entirely sure if this is an authentic MK. It doesn't have any kind of MK packaging. It came in a transparent plastic cover which was looked cheap. The bag itself was in good condition.
To tight on my ankles
They fit but have no grip on the soles. My daughter was sliding around. Only wore once
These are my 3rd pair in the past year. They keep breaking right at the hinge and I'm not being rough on them. Unfortunately I like the look so keep replacing as they break. Sad part is they sell 3 (tortoise, black, and blue) and the blue is the only one I like. I would gladly buy 3 blue ones for the same price! I now own one pair of the blue and 6 pairs of the colors I could do without.
This handbag is very roomy. Easy to tote to the store. Only problem is that is fabric and all my stuff is jumbled together. Not enough pockets and zippers. Looks sloppy. Would not buy again
Emergency use only. Uncomfortable.
way smaller fit than expected but I'm not sure if I can trade them in.
It looks cool, but I find my things to fall right out since it is so flexible. I ended up ordering a different version.
Shades wasn't dark enough for my needs.
I purchased a size 13 should've ordered a size 12 but I didn't send them back. My 17 year old son use them in the house. Good quality. I feel they run ture to size
Fit okay, but my heels hurt from wearing them. Think it is the shape of the heel on the shoe and how it distributes the weight.
So I am aware that I have to order a whole size up with Brooks that's why I selected fit as expected. While I've had other Brooks these have been underwhelming and I wonder if they're knock offs or just a crappy pair of Brooks. Not very happy and wouldn't buy again.
Gave me a blister and pain in my feet after wearing them for one day. They look cute though .
one shoe was a size 7 and the other shoe a size 10 one shoe was Damaged
Size 9 was more like a 10 or 11. Very disappointing.
I found this shoe horn difficult to use. First, it has a telescoping handle, which is nice, but unfortunately you cannot lock the length. So when I pull up, the handle will often extend fully before I can get the shoe horn out of my shoe. But the biggest problem is that the shoe horn and handle are attached to each other with a spring. With many shoes, I find that the shoe horn flops up when inserting my heal, making it difficult to use. It would be much easier if there was no flexibility and I have no idea why they designed it this way.
These are a weird plastic material and a different hue than the picture.
The shoes were too large, and WAY to wide on my feet. They honestly just looked silly. Would not recommend.
Love this backpack; I love the versatility of being able to use it as a backpack or as a shoulder bag. There's a lot of space in it to carry all of your stuff and pockets on the outside of the purse are handy for miscellaneous items that you use constantly and can access easily. It would have received 5 stars if it lasted. Unfortunately, after not even 2 months of use, the zipper is broken. It doesn't zip up and stay zipped which is a little annoying.
Cheaply made compared to older model Rayban which were made in Italy.....
Not very sturdy , fake look not great protection on my motorcycle, get what you pay for
Too narrow to fit a laptop.
Not as good as i expected. I feel like I can use hand soap and came out with same result. Tried 5 time on my sneakers, and followed step by step from the instruction, came out not as I expected , disappointed on this product. Heard this brand is good from someone on youtube, but maybe just not for me.
Much smaller than expected.
Love this purse, but VERY disappointed that after just 2 months, the stitching came out on the zipper. And then now the zipper is broken.
it is comfortable but don't take color....... black is good
Ok for the price I paid but next time I will pay for more for quality... u live and learn...
They are very cheaply made after wearing them maybe five times they are already falling apart
I bought these shoes for both of my sons, and both were too big and wide, and the material the shoe is made out of is odd because if you push on the top of the shoe it will stay dented in. The soles of the shoes are the only thing that I liked because the tread is good.
Used on one trip and already falling apart.
I have purchased sketchers shoes over many years and have found them very comfortable to wear. These do not fit nor are they comfortable seem to have lumpy soles
Let me say these are the cutest shoes and comfy once you get the "new" out of them- BUT - They came unglued and basically fell apart. So weird. I can not find a way to contact the company to ask them to replace them?? I was even thinking of buying a pair in another color but… oh well.
This boot is stiff and uncomfortable. The side stitching cut into the side of my foot. Really not a good product.
I needed a pair of shoes without laces for post surgery, and these seemed ok for that purpose. I ended up wearing them exactly once (with someone helping me to pull them on). For the rest of my recovery period, I resorted to sandals. Once I had recovered, I tried the shoes on again, and disliked them just as much, so to a charity shop they went. For someone who doesn't need shoes to be super comfortable, these might work. The gray color is pretty, and they are relatively attractive. But for me, no way.
Nice structured bag but it smells so bad! Like synthetic plastic.
The slipper came apart from the sole 5 days after purchase.
These run very small. I gave my shoes away so I can say how they work. Definitely size up!
They smelled like fish when delivered.Did not fit properly.
These were great slippers as far as the padding and comfort however they only lasted a little over a month before separating at the sole. I would have expected a much longer lasting product from isotoners. So bummed. I wish they would have lasted longer!!
I had to return these shoes. I wear a street size 10. These were much too small.
These were great on my arches and fit well on my foot. The tiny bumps on the bottom rubbed too much. I took them off after a few hours and the next day I had blisters on each foot.
Being able to sit at the pool with sunglasses and being able to read is great! However, I took these on vacation and the frame cracked on 2 of the three pair. I'm hoping the manufacturer will stand by the lifetime warranty and replace them.
This looks like a quality show but the size is so small I cannot bear it. It's not just slightly tight, in need of stretching out -- my toes are pushing against the end. It's simply not long enough, at least a full size smaller than advertised. Bummer. Another note: the toe area is narrow, not the casual shape of a typical driving moc. These are not shoes you'd throw on over the weekend unless you are the type of person that irons your jeans.
These glasses constantly fall off when I look down. Also, the lenses scratched very easily
Bought these as a gift and they don't fit. It's outside of the return, because I purchased so early, but they fit full size smaller than expected
I really wantes to like these shoes. Things to consider before buying: First off they run large. Secondly they are very vented. The entire tops of these shoe is a mesh type of material that breaths very well. No soo good when dealing with winter weather though. I love the slip on aspect of the shoe due to the nature of my work. However that backs of the shoe likes to bunch up when putting them on and it's not exactly easy to fix once your foot is in the shoe. You have to take measures to prevent that as your foot slides into the show. This is the reason behind my low rating of these shoes: First off the tread collects everything due to the small gaps in the tread. If you are out in the rain, snow, or mud you will carry that stuff on the bottom of your shoe for a very long time once you come in doors. Water doesn't even clean out very well. So tracking even water becomes an issue. These are also worthless in the snow or ice. Very slick and absolutely no traction. I fell at work due to this problem. Wet floors is even a problem. My biggest issue with these shoes is a manufacturer defect. There is some sort of seam right next to my big toe witch that had caused me to stop wearing the shoes. It hurts and causes me to walk in a way to try and avoid it. This causes a tremendous amount of pain in my feed by the end of the day. I could get passed all the other flaws, however this flaw makes these shoes completely useless.
These look cool but way too big in length and width.
Aren't boots suppose to be more durable than tennis shoes? I have Nikes that I've been wearing for years that don't look anywhere near this bad. They are comfortable and convenient with the side zipper but I will not be buying these again due to the obvious reasons. I also would not recommend these for anyone that would need to do much running in them, for some reason when I do my toenail catches on the top and damn near rips off.
The shoe is comfortable and silent! Love it but this is my second replacement and once again it lost the plastic cap that covers the heel.
Wrong color sent. Sent Sierra when I ordered dark brown. Didn't want to deal with the hassle of returning them but I already had a pair of this color
Plastic and started falling apart after 2 weeks
These are pretty poor quality. I've been wearing plastic heart sunglasses (mostly bought from other sellers on Amazon) for years, and these are not good. The plastic is super cheap. Spend a few dollars more and get better ones!
I love the look and these are solidly crafted with good arch support but they are huge! Had to do 2 sizes down.
Ordered the correct size, but the fit was about a size and a half too small, Very disappointing as it was a gift to go along with a robe we also purchased.
Bangle was too big ended up disposing it and just using the tassel with key chain
I cannot get over the smell and the material is so soft it is too slouchy and the feels almost sticky. I will keep looking and probably give it as a gift. Nice design though. Also the zippers are not a smooth as i would like.
the compartments are too large. I can.find anything init.
Love the boot but it's just too small and by the end of the day my feet hurt so bad! So disappointing
The treads on the bottom of the shoe started to fall off after wearing the boots only 20 times in 30 days
Thin material... not great quality... for a fatter foot than my child
These were really small on my head. I had a couple friends try them on too and they were tight on everyone. Nice packaging, product itself looked kind of cheap but hey, they are cheap. And far too small to wear.
Not a good fit. I would like to return them
Well. These slippers were comfortable while they lasted! And they lasted about 4-5 months.
Less than 3 months old and the sole is peeling off both shoes.
Zipper broke in Less than 5 months of about once a week use.
it's basically plastic. Not exactly what I expected
I ordered my normal size 8.5 and it felt too small. These shoes are rock hard and incredibly stiff... No give. I cannot imagine wearing them more than a few minutes let alone all day. Really disappointed since they are cute and has such great reviews. Also, maybe I didn't read well enough but I though these would be more of a cloth material but they are a rock hard faux leather.
I really liked the style of the shoe but the sizing is not correct. I wear a solid size 8 in women's and I ordered size 8. The shoe that I got had a tag that said size 8 but it fit like a size 6. Gave them to a friend of mine who actually wears a size 6.
The toe box was too small
Love the shoe i may have need a eight and a half but I guess when I wear it I'll break it in a little but I do love the shoe
Yes, they are polarized, but the picture shows mirrored lenses. They are NOT mirrored and they are not very dark. Very disappointed.
Bought these for comfort and arch support based on reviews. Love these but unfortunately they are coming unglued. I'll return them for another try.
These glasses do reflect blue light well, however, I would not recommend for light sensitivity. I recently had an eye surgery and am looking for lenses that I can wear at work (in front of lots of screens/blue light and under fluorescent lighting.) In reducing the blue light, it seems more light is reflected into the eye which can be painful for those with light sensitivity. If you are looking simply to reduce your "blue-time" from computers, gaming, and phones - these may work.
Didn't fit my feet, I threw them away
The zip came off after the first use
Looked a lot like 3D glasses at a movie theater. I ended up returning because I did not like the look and style.
So disappointed in these. They fit fine when I bought them, and seemed to hold up well. A little noisy on hard floors, but kind of what you might expect form a more solid sole. My frustration is that they are simply falling apart! The stitching, or lack of, is allowing the soles to just drop off! These have never gotten wet or anything like that, so I guess if you want to rent these for a year, then so be it. I had a bit higher expectations!
I have these in the nude color and love them, however these did not fit in the same manner. They were slightly small - if you are a half size I would recommend going up a size. The black upper was rough and did not feel as though it would stretch out and become more flexible and smooth as my other shoes were.
I have ordered size 11 for years. This is the only pair that was way to small. I guess it's back to shopping for shoes the old way.
Extreme arch support - I typically need a lot, but these turned out to be too much; experienced shin splints and ankle tendon pain after wearing them for a few days.
Like color too small little purses. No not like purse
size seemed ok length wise - but kind of had a small-ish feminine fit overall - i may slip these on to take my dog out but otherwise find myself preferring other sandals..
They're cute, but their quality is bad even for cheap o sunnies. The lens pops out frequently and they're not as dark as most sunglasses. The only good thing about them is that you're cute. I guess they'd be fine if all you used them for was driving, not walking around or working outdoors.
Beautiful shoes but rhinestone fall off. Found two and replaced them with glue but have lost some permanently. Still like the shoes.
All the zipper pulls have fallen off. Get what you pay for I know
The shoe was comfortable at first but it has no support. By the end of the day my ankles were so sore.
Idk why but they are so so tight and I can't return them anymore, maybe I'll try breaking them in. I ordered a size bigger than I usually get with adidas but alas they are too small.
These are really cute and fit well however the stitching has come apart 2 different times now in more than 1 spot that I have had to repair them. Durability is not their strong suit.
Bought for work, started falling apart within a month...quality gets a F
Excellent leather quality, but they are too large.
strap was sewn in a way in which it is twisted and therefore does not lay flat on chest when wearing as a cross body bag
I want to like so bad and give better stars they are so cute but they hurt the hell out of my feet. Wore Saturday it's been over 24 hours and feet still sore even after a massage
Great look. Lasted three weeks and the soles came off.
When I tried on these shoes, they seemed to fit although they felt snug across the instep. I was unsure about keeping them but they were a good price and I thought they would stretch out. Wrong! I wore them for a total of 3-4 hours total inside the house over the last 2 days and found that 1) while they are still snug across the instep, the heels feel loose. 2) The shoelaces are threaded through rigid plastic instead of fabric or a soft material and one of the corners of this plastic on the right shoe digs into my foot in spite of the fact that the tongue of the shoe is in between the plastic and my foot. 3) The insoles are not as cushioned as I expected. My chief complaint is that I tried these on a couple of times and walked a few steps but it was only after taking off the tag and wearing them for a few hours, that the right shoe started rubbing my foot. I think I could have adjusted to the other issues but I can't wear these and will just have to give them away since I can no longer return them. The lesson I learned is that I probably shouldn't buy shoes online but if I do I should return anything that doesn't fit perfectly.
Ouch ouch ouch. These were very tight and very stiff. I have other Clark's and love them. I'm sad they didn't work.
very tight fit. not meant for wider feet. had to return.
Online it showed as orange when you look through the lens but the glasses I received showed blue. I purposely looked for an orange lens through and through. The glasses are okay but not orange when you look through them.
Overall not a great fit. Too big. I already paid to send the other ones back. Large width, I have to wear big socks to fit even with the laces all the way tightened. (not good customer service by the way) as the reviews were all over the place. They offered free returns AFTER they made me pay the return S&H.
Firstly, I have 4 pairs of the Oofos flip flop versions and have had them for at least 5 years and they are still in good shape. I received these on June 6, 2019 and exactly 4 months latter, the soles are worn thru on both shoes. I really love these shoes (although they are kinda ugly) and thinking I may have received a lemon of a pair, I ordered another pair hoping for a better product. I have contacted the seller asking about some sort of warranty and waiting for their response. Great shoes, BUT my first pair did not last !!
I like these sneakers for my Planter fasciitis. I've owned a few pairs but this time they were too small. It hurt my feet.
Smaller that whats written on them
Didn't fit correctly and started to have little folds by my toes and made it uncomfortable to work in.
I grabbed these on lightning deals, so $16 instead of the regular $20. I honestly wouldn't pay $20 for these. The upper is decent, holds its shape. The soles are extremely cheap material and I'd expect these kinds of soles on a $5 slippers, not $20 that it's asking for. The soles are so stiff it reminds me of one of those wooden sole clogs: not comfortable at all. I'm expecting the fur lining on the bottom to give way in about 2-3 weeks at which point I need to go look for a replacement; pretty short life for $20 if you ask me. Trust me, I've gotten far better slippers for $20 or less than this. It's not worth it. But since I'm expecting to be able to use these for a few weeks, 2 stars instead of 1.
The right shoe fit nicely but the left one wore me raw. Had to send them back
Nice looking shoes, but they are way too small. The 8.5 looks more like a 7. I ordered a half size up after reading the reviews, but they were still too small. I will have to return them
A little larger than what I needed for phone and keys. Plus the blueish strap wasn't my taste. I returned it.
Pretty shoe just isn't true to size
Potus as I knew I would need choose about a month later and just noticed to rips on the side of the shoe but I missed my return window by 3 days
The shades DO NOT look like the picture,they are bright red and almost child like,bummed out
The length was fine but the shoe was hard and hurt when trying to put it on! Not worth the effort!
They arrived already dirty.
After five rounds the toe became unglued and finished the round with a floppy shoe. I used Dap glue to fix it. Now the heel has become unglued. I now carry another pair of golf shoes in the cart. I wish I could return them!
Sunglasses were very nice, until I went to the beach. The sea water that splashed on my glasses, left an ugly shadow on both lenses.
I bought a pair of these 6 months ago and the sole is already separating. They are comfortable and provide good grip on BOH floors until the grooves get full of stuff then watch out. The only reason why rated them low was after only 6 months they are seperating.
I have had a pair of these for years, and I loved them. I just bought this pair last week. They are NOT the same. The original ones were very cushioned which was wonderful for my back and feet. These have some cushion, but then have a hard outer sole which makes them unsatisfactory for my use. I was so sorry to find this out. I loved the original ones.
Didn't see much difference at all.
I really like this purse, but the handle started ripping after just 2 months of use.
They fit as expected. They aren't uncomfortable if you don't wear them for a long time but I definitely wouldn't wear them all day. My feet killed me the next day.
Second one I have bought that tears easily ..
I ended up receiving a color I did not order. It's not what is pictured here. It is not what I ordered.
Shoe is pretty...cut is small.
DON;T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
Not inlove with these glasses, not exactly what I was looking for. Its kinda okay, my mom liked it.
Works ok, but the insoles wear down way to fast then its uncomfortable to wear n starts to hurt and gives you blisters
The reflective coating on the lenses is rubbing off after about two weeks of use. Would not recommend.
It's super cute but it was uncomfortable to wear and hurt my back.
When the bag was received all of the zippers were zipped closed but in the middle of the zipper it had separated. Today the inside fabric is tearing away from silver home by the back straps. Not good quality at all. Will never order again
Boot shaft is large & lumpy/wavy-is not straight. Foot runs big.
This is the second pair I bought and they fell apart at about 5 months....
Nice shoe. Fairly comfortable. Unfortunately with in a couple weeks they look like they are 2 years old and I work indoors.
I loved the colors, loved the fit and feel. the whole thing seems overbuilt. The sole is a bit too stiff, but definitely sturdy and could easily handle some off terrain walks. My issue is with the construction of the bit between your toes where the straps fasten into the sole. Its seems that it is just sandwiched between the layers of the sole and glued. I guess that would be fine if it held up. But it did not hold up. Ive been wearing them almost daily for shower shoes and the toe piece on the right sandal has slipped halfway out rendering the sandals unwearable after only a few months use for a few minutes a day. No outdoor hiking, no running or tennis. no catching the front of the sole on anything. just walking down the hall to the shower and back. Maybe it is the heavy duty stiff sole. Maybe the right sandal didn't get enough glue and it's a fluke. I don't know. What I do know is that for the price I paid I would have expected to get several years of heavy use out of them but they barely lasted 6 months of the lightest possible use. If you want to romp around lava tide pools on vacation and consider them disposable after a week of such use you may be pleased. But I recommend carrying a pair of dollar flip flops for backup so you are not left stranded. 2 stars because they are pretty..
Great service and these lenses are polarised which my original Oakley lenses were not. For the money this seems like a great product.
Poor quality but good for around the house
Reviews told me to order a size up because they run small. I ordered a size up and they still were on the small side! If they fit better, I think they would be super comfy. Frustrating that the sizing is off.
Its very pretty and waterproof but I didn't have it for long it ripped.
These shoes do not fit true size as expected. Must order 1 size smaller.
I should have believed the pictures people had shared. I love an old pair of Reefs that I bought from Amazon several years ago. And wanted a fresh pair. Alas, I have to agree with all the other comments that the shoe is simply smaller than before... meaning it does fit but the area of the foot pad is simply smaller. Not nearly as comfortable. Must return.
I used to love the Rockports. They didn't fit at all not even close.
Ordered a 10.5 4E. The tongue of the shoe is not WIDE enough. Therefore you could see my white socks when the shoes are laced up (on both side of the tongue). Poor design for those of us with wide feet. Also, NB shoes are shrinking I have been ordering 1/2 up.
much too small. actually returned the item. not conducive for going to the beach with a towel, book, lotions, etc. Too small for that.
shoes started to squeak on hard surfaces after a month of wear
Very stylish and nice looking shoes, but cheap quality... I guess you get what you pay for! I just filed the return form and bought the Steve Madden Cutesy Oxford one, which is similar in style as this one, but Steven Madden and great quality.
The seam separated after 4 months.
Overall the shoe is cute and my grandchild says that the shoe is her favorite school shoe. However, after 2 weeks of wear, the bow just fell apart. I glued the bow back together. If I have anymore issues, I am going to return the shoe and ask for a refund. This comment was issued on April 8, 2019.
The shoe was not wide enough.
Cute style, but they lack grommets in the lacing holes, and they started to tear through. Returned for refund.
These would be fine if one of the shoes didn't have the insole pad detach within a month of buying them. They're lightweight and comfortable, and I like the look, but I've been manually reinserting the insole for most of my time wearing them. If you get a pair without this problem, it's a nice shoe. With this problem, I'm disappointed.
Shoes look great and I've worn them twice since my recent order. Shame on me as I didn't notice until my second use today that these were shipped without insoles. I will be contacting seller.
It is light but the sole keeps on slipping off. The toe part is already started getting a hole.
Not great. Nose guards broke fairly soon after purchase and they absolutely don't stay put.
Disappointed I started wearing New Balance shoes several years ago at the recommendation of a podiatrist. This has been the worst pair of New Balance shoes I've ever had. Sore feet do to the lack of support the inside of these shoes is flat you might as well be wearing flip-flops with memory foam. Junk I should have returned them I now have purchased expensive insoles. To make these bargain price shoes more bearable.
Didn't fit and had a strong plastic smell
Hurt my arch. I wanted to take pressure off my heel and and spread it more to my arch to help alleviate my heel and I guess it was just to much arch. I stand all day and my arches were so sore.
It's small and cheap looking. The straps are very short and there are not pockets.
Not comfortable no memory foam as it promised
These were great for a few pictures, but the elastic snapped after she crawled around in them for a little while. So disappointed. I contacted the company, but have not heard back for at least a replacement pair.
I ordered 2 pair of the “small” size based on many of the reviews. I am 6ft tall and 235lbs and these look HUGE on my face. The quality is better than expected. However, if you are looking for John Lennon type glasses - these are not it. I think they were meant more for a circus clown. :(
These are okay. I've worn them for about 20 walking miles so far.. I wish they had more arch support.... Update. These shoes are aweful. I'm wearing my old ASICS again.. My back, hips and feet hurt when I wear these.. I need to buy inserts if I'm gong to wear them again. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your money on these. They are nice looking, but that's it..
Love the colors, but these are the only Skechers I've ever ordered that are literally flat, zero arch support, literally zero, so if you have a moderate to high arch these are not for you.
The glasses were ok. A little too flimsy for me. Easy to bend. I'm not sure if I'm gonna keep this or not.
Not the size that I expected, but the quality is good.
Does not look good as it shows on the pictures.
If it rains on the other side of the planet these shoes will get wet, and will stay wet. Also, the velcrow strap on my right shoe is already falling off. Nothing some super glue won't fix tho. Still disappointed.
They're okay, but thats all. You get what you pay for
I would not buy these again because the shoes leak water. They are not waterproof
Broke immediately, cheaply made.
Loyal customer of New Balance for years. Great quality, comfortable and I love the style. BUT for the first time ever Men's size 12 is more like a size 11. If you absolutely love these shoes order a size up! LISTEN to the other reviewers, I didn't and ended up with a pair of shoes that don't fit. Sent them back. :(
I ordered 8.5 (which is the size all of my sneakers are) and these were too small around the toes. Beautiful shoes but I didn't like the fit.
Very little lining for warmth. Impossible to get on for those with normal to large ankle circumference - never could get my foot into them.
If you can try to find something else. This shoes are poor quality and they are not slip resistant!
Although comfortable shoes Back of shoe is too high and while playing golf after some time it starts hurting. Sending them back.
This was a bit of a let down. The bag feels and looks pretty cheap, in my opinion. The main reason I returned it, is because I planned to use this bag to carry my MacBook in for work, and when I put it into the backpack (without a case) the top stuck out of the backpack with no covering, which kind of takes the "waterproof" idea down a notch. Although this would probably be great as a diaper bag or something of the sort, not what I was looking for and was difficult to use (even with nothing in it), as there was nothing to keep the strap adjustment device in place.
Seemed too close to the floor. No cushioning.
Junk. Sent them back. Too narrow. Didn't care for these at all.
This would have been my third pair of this particular shoe. I'm Not sure why the size I've always worn is very tight. I'm disappointed because I can't find them anywhere else.
Shoes lasted 6 months then the bottom became unglued. Bummer.
Disappointing. Basically, it casts a yellow hue on what was previously white or clear lights.
These run big. Also, they are very wide. Basically, for men.
Very tight for extra wide size..also small compared to the "normal" 14.5 that the NB's sell
The handles rip off too easily. Only owned for 2 months and they are falling apart.
Shoes hurt my feet, they are not good for standing long periods of time.
they're cute, but my toes constantly slide out of the elastic part and it causes me to fall all over the place, including falling up stairs. And that's not fun. Also, I wore them to the beach, they got wet and the elastic turned grey and white and I tried to clean it and it's still discolored so I can't wear them anymore.
Truly, Clarks are becoming like everything else in today's world. They are not made the way they used to be! I was sorely disappointed when I received these shoes. The toe box is tight. There is no arch support. I could feel the pavement under my feet. The only good thing is that the shoes are leather so hopefully they will hold up now that I have purchased a pair of dr. Scholl's gel inserts. Online ordering is so convenient but, I am seeing that I now need to go in the store for everything in order to assess the true quality of the product.
I bought these because I thought $150 for prescription polorized sunglasses was ridiculous. This morning I took my Jeep out topless. At about 70 mph the wind caught the clip ons and flipped them up. This almost took the glasses off my head. Before the wind could take my glasses the clip on came off and flew out of the vehicle. Now I will be out $150 plus the cost of these.
very cheap looking came in a tangled mess. left it hanging for weeks still has bends in fringe. cheap fabric.
My package was delivered to someone else so I can't rate this product.
Loved the shoe, but it kept rubbing my ankles while running. I wish they were a little lower around the ankle
Love these flip flops. However, after just 2 months after I bought them the strap snapped. 😕
These shoes look like plastic in person
I ordered the Oiled Leather woman's Birkenstock Granada sandals BUT I received the WAXY LEATHER sandals. See Product description - This women's slide sandal features an oiled leather upper that is both durable and comfortable. What I received is Waxy Leather which is Top-grain cowhide, buffed and coated with a waxy finish (very stiff and almost feels like rubber) NOT SOFT AND COMFORTABLE. Disappointed I did not get what I ordered
Very Poor quality. I know they were a cheap buy but even for $16 not worth it
Gets dirty quick and feels funny on my feet.
Much too long. Use them for trail walking.
nice LOOKING... doesnt hold up for everyday use I threw it out as it tore within the first month. the fringe is cheap the strap is cheap you get what you pay for replaced it with a much nicer purse
I mean these would be cool, if I the lens didn't fall out as soon as I took them out of the package 🙃
The quality it's really bad, there pieces of plastic in the edges not what I expected
Labeled Large 9-10. Not correct. More like a 7-8.
Dont spend your money on these boots. Mine lasted less than 1 year and I'm not overly rough on them. There are better ones for the money
Sticker was on top of sandal. Removed it as carefully as possibly. Still pulled up on sandal and ripped it. See photo.
I really like these glasses! The look, design, functionality are rated a 5! They work great when it comes to looking at my laptop and phone everyday and they stay on my face, although I think I'm allergic to the silicone nose pads. (The pads that sit on your nose bridge). I'm rating these a 2 star because I got a allergic reaction after maybe 3 hours from wearing it. I have a dry red rash on my nose bridge & it sucks:( In the photo I added black tape so the silicone nose pad don't get in skin contact with my nose bridge. It's not the company's fault at all, no hate or shade to Donna eyewear- I just found out my skin has a allergic reaction to silicone plastic. It's the same reaction to wearing fake silicone clear bra plastic straps. I'm still trying to figure out what kind of plastic I'm sensitive to. But I'm 80% it's silicone. Looking into finding vinyl nose pads. Don't know anyone else who has this problem. It's been 3 days with trying to treat my skin with overdose moisturizer and time.
My 4 year old wears a size 9 and these 10s were too small.
My dog destroyed the box otherwise I would have exchanged them. They are too wide and too big.
These are exceptionally cute, but VERY poor quality, perhaps that was why they are cheap, but not that cheap. The color wore off the black plastic soles in less than 10 minutes of walking in my kitchen. They run small, I'd order half size up. VERY cute, but total junk. I guess they'd be fine if they wont endure any heavy use. Not supportive either.
The part that is the toe divider rubbed badly between my toes, uncomfortable
May be too small to wear and I ordered up a half size.
You get what you pay for! The memory foam is flat in a week and remembers flat permanently . There are two sizes .... so for many it will be too small (I sent those back) or too big ... I kept them .. I slip out of them easily....
Doesn't keep a seal. Disappointed 🙁
Sizing is off. Be sure to order 1-2 sizes larger than you need
Great materia and quality but gave it too starts because I ordered size 13 and it fitted like a size 11.5. Just too small.
too small as indicated such be larger can't use how to send back?
It is more bigger than show. After few months part of the seam underneath is breaking.
I received the wrong size. There are no labels on these shoes. I see the number 37 in the soles. IF that is true then my size 8.5 American should have been a 39 in European size. I will be returning these. I want the correct size shipped.
The toe was a but to narrow and the width was to tight.
Cheap, I expected more from adidas. I just said screw it and went to walmart after sending this back. Found an even better pair with memory foam for $20. I wouldn't recommend these sandals to anyone.
It's much cuter in pictures. After I opened it and paired it with my dress, it seemed kind of loud and gaudy.
The color was misleading, thought they would be lighter but for the price they're okay.
Quite possibly the ugliest glasses I've ever bought. I returned them because they offered no protection from sunlight.
Got these and was so excited...having the HARDEST time finding a plain black sandal with one or two wide straps. This one fit the bill & looks great and is very well made however it runs SO WIDE so they are going back to Amazon, sadly. II wear a 9M and ordered the 8M because everyone said it runs big. Not only does it run big it runs way too wide, my feet looked like they were wearing two sleds. Very disappointing because it's a nice looking and well made shoe. If YOU have wide feet THIS one's for you!
These are SO comfortable, and SO cute, and I had many people compliment them! I only had these for about a month and a half. Unfortunately I was walking down the stairs at work and the front strap came loose from the sole. I didn't yank on it or anything, but I lost my balance and fell down five steps of stairs in front of my boss and several of my coworkers. I bruised my bottom, and my ego. I'm definitely not wearing sandals to work again.
These slippers are nice, but the padding goes down to nothing after wearing them. I have had them for a month and wear daily. No cushion between my foot and bottom sole. Also, the bottom of the slipper is smooth and you can slip if you hit wet flooring. I gave them two stars because they still look good and keep my feet warm.
Hard to judge online and poor quality
did not feel good on my feet. I have pair of Altra - low, and love them . i will likely buy more, but mid- cut is not for me. Altra's are great!! try them.
These took several weeks to break-in when wearing them 4 days per week. They were definitely too narrow between the big toe and the pinky toe. Moving to Altras.
The back of this shoe has no padding , it rubs your Achilles raw. Maybe an extra thick pair of socks could help a little but the heel of this shoe has a huge design flaw.
I purchased these to replace a similar pair of dockers sandals that I had for years and loved. Sadly they have regressed over the years and the quality just isn't what it used to be. The most notable part is the Velcro used to close the sandals. They now use Velcro that barely closes and on top of that they use just a tiny amount of it. So the sandals come loose and open up frequently. Sad since the old sandals were so fantastic.
THese looked really bad on my face shape. Also a little cheap feeling.
they don't. fit right my heal goes over to the side on both almost off the sandal. a flaw in the making. otherwise I'd like. them. but can't. wear.
These are very uncomfortable and I will be returning them.
Cheap - broke in under 10 days
These looked great, but when they arrived they looked like kids shoes they were so tiny. I ordered a half size up from my normal size and could hardly get my foot in them they were so narrow. If you are a normal sized human with normal sized feet skip these.
I like the shoes, they feel good, but there is a ridiculous squeek in the left shoe while I walk.
Cute but they are huge
Loved the bag when I first got it and got lots of great comments on it. Having it just a month the latch to close it and one of the handles broke. Very disappointed as it was perfect for what I needed
You pay for quality I guess! these are so light and don't really give a firm base. but they are cute. so for fashion sake, I'd say they cute, but for the real use, not so great.
This shoe fit weird. The shoe is narrow at the heel and very wide at the arch and toes. The arch also starts a bit too far back for my foot and made me feel like I was walking on the side of the sole.
They fit beautifully and feel good when I walk. They are not, however, holding up. After about 60 days of wear the top is starting to wear (rather badly). The rest of the shoe still looks great. The low rating is because of durability and not fit.
Its not worth the 25 dollars for this products!!!! It falls a part after few weeks!!!
Not true to size, I returned them. I wear a 7 and i brought a 8 and they was still to small. I just returned them
The product it self looks really Good as visual appearance. The sandal strap above the food is comfortable and sturdy when walking, but the overall comfort is not great. The material is very rough on the bottom of my feet with socks on, and with out socks. I rather just not wear them.
Way too narrow with short straps and the straps underneath are a thin fabric I dont think they will last!
It is so tight around the ankle that it is almost impossible to put on
Poor quality . A bit warm but materia very flimsy.
The toe crease rub is real! I took a chance on these hooping the toe crease issue would not be a problem...but it was. Sizing was good and appearance nice, but the toe crease rub hurt within 1 minute if walking in them. Returned this product.
I love Keens. I have been very satisfied in the past. unfortunately recently I've had two product failures outside the 30 day window but within 6 months. The glue on the black rubber toe cover on these shoes has failed. It is June and the shoes were purchased in Jan. No satisfaction from Keen. sadly. I will need to purchase a different brand in the future.
Not durable, fabric ripped the forst time i used it...its cute though
The size 9 fit more like a size 10 . I like the look but the size is all wrong.
Wore only twice and started peeling. This is not my first pair from dream pairs, so i am sad to give such a low rating my others lasted an appropriate amount of time.
Fits great but the material used for the inside is already coming apart so I know I will not b wearing these too many more times. This was not a good purchase and shoe was very poorly made
used the sizing chart and ordered per chat and got the wrong size
Bought the xw and they were still too tight for my little one (he wears xw in saucony and m width in New Balance). The shoe was lightweight and looked nice, however, not for kids with a wider foot.
The flip-flop was great, but advertised as a women's. The hanger specifically said men's. Returned.
This is not as lasting has how it looks. After a few weeks of using the bag the inner lining started to rep apart and the zips started to change colour. It looked green.
It was suggested that I buy a size 10 rather than 9. 9.5 wasn't available. With that being said, these shoes were too big. Plus they were not properly put together. A big piece on the bottom of the heel was not glued on. However on the plus side, the blue ones are really pretty!
Quality is not as expected,
Returned them due to heal breaking after a few days.... no problem with the return. Loved the look of the boot, so I figured maybe it was a fluke. I ordered them again...Heal broke on the new pair after a month or so.
These are way too big, not worth the money I paid, ended up getting something way nicer for less money at TJ maxx
I just received my order very fast shipping for my daughters Prom but was disappointed. When I opened the package the purse looked pretty but when we touched the purse and went to open it I got crazy glue all on my fingers and part of the chain was stuck to crazy glue And glitter coming of the purse. I'm not understanding why this was even shipped like that. Very upsetting
I ordered a 1/2 size bigger, which should fit, but they are too small for me to use.
Zipper falls apart quickly. Id love it if it held up.
I'm very disappointed in this wallet . It's very sturdy but not these beautiful colors at all. A rather dull gray color with very little color, certainly nothing like the posted picture.
Stiff and heavier than I expected.
These shoes were very ill-fitting. They have absolutely no shape to them... sizing is off. Definitely not worth the price. I have returned them.
Always loved the fit. Sadly, the quality has declined greatly. I have purchased a couple pair of these sandals every year for over a decade. Last pair the pseudo-cork soles fell apart after a couple months. Thought it was a fluke and recently ordered two more pairs. A month later, with minimal wear, and the sole is cracking, chunks falling off, and the rubber on the bottom wearing away. I will have to find something else.
WAY too small and tight
I was very disappointed in the thickness and largeness of this product. I ordered a women's size 7 and cannot use these in my size 8 boots. It is bulky and way too thick to use in your shoes or boots. You would need shoes twice the size of what you normally wear in order to insert these insoles. So sorry, I wanted to like them.
I like the color and the height of the shoe, and the fit. I bought these a week or so ago and have worn them many times. What I don't like is the inside insole...it is strangely bumpy and feels weird. Also, now that I have worn them for 1-2 weeks they squeak when I walk around which is why I am giving it a lower rating. Probably won't buy again bcz there are many other shoes out there that may be better made.
These were so cute and cozy. the toe was really big but they only lasted a month and the bottoms just shredded. Get the ones with the soles
Looks really cheap. I thought the plastic heart cover was like a window into the purse, turns out there's a separate lining inside. Not as cute in person.
This is the second pair I've purchased. The first pair lasted almost two year. The most recent pair I got, the stitching started to unravel in the first two weeks
Not enough pocket space inside
She did not like them.
Liked the travel bag until the strap broke!
My daughter bought these shoes through my account. They were extremely disappointing. Bad quality, uncomfortable, too small, just to name a few. Tried to process a refund but they dropped me. Highly recommend buying shoes elsewhere!
It stains black dye that does clean up when washed but until then it is pretty visible. It also started coming apart pretty fast with normal use... see picture
my granddaughter wears them but the shoe itself is large
I love these shoes! I ordered a size 11. The first pair I ordered, were a size too big. The company I ordered them from, promptly sent another pair to me and wanted me to donate the ones that were too big, not return them. I received my size 10 shoes and they were too small. I want these shoes but I need a 10 1/2 to fit. I'll just have to buy another pair.
So as I got it the strap broke off so my money just went down the drain.
There is no way these things are insulated. We were in 20 degree weather and had to cut the day short because these boots were so uncomfortable.
It looks great and is reasonably well made. But I'm sending it back for three reasons. It smells like mold. The zipper is sewn in a way that the edge of zipper gets caught in the teeth as you zip it up. Super annoying. Strap is sadly too short. I guess I fall into the "particularly burly" category, as the product description cautions. I'm 5ft 9in and 185 lbs. Worn across the body the bag is at the level of my stomach.
Nice quality but only if your pupils are about 2.5 inches apart. For people with normal sized heads, these are a joke.
Ordered a size bigger and still kind of tight. Also left top of boot hurts my foot on top feels like something is bent wrong on inside!
They're cute while they last. They fell apart after about 5 uses and my son doesn't even walk outside yet.
The lace gloves where not in the package. Really wanted those for my event tomorrow night.
These run large. The material feels very cheap.
The shoe runs small compared to other like Nike.
not comfortable at all didnt even wear them for long
These sandals ran small and were cheaply made. I really needed half a size up. I returned these but they had no support and felt cheap so I'm not buying again for a size up.
These shoes were just the wrong style for my wide and very high instep feet. I let the time to return them expire. That's on me. Shoes are pretty.
On face value, the shoe is okay but you will see it is not well made. There are no grips at the bottom and i almost slipped several times on certain surfaces
This purse came in special packaging which indicated that it had been returned before and I know why. The outside zipper was broken. So not sure if it was a quality issue from the manufacturer or a quality issue where Amazon did not properly inspect the item before reselling.
They were for my son, they are bulky and thick and heavy when I tried them on.
didn't realize this was one time use
Super cute but the soles are completely rubbery. The poor kid was tripping all day
Unfortunately I didn't care for it but unfortunately my kiddos lost tags and I got the receipt wet so unfortunately I couldn't return..
Don't stay on my child's feet very well. Feel apart after about 3 months
I normally wear 9.5 I ordered a size 10 and they were way too small.
I am usually a 9.5, so I ordered a size 10 since I'm pregnant. I was unable to get my foot into the boot; my foot wouldn't go in past the arch. My feet are not swollen (yet!) so I was disappointed that they didn't fit. Had I been able to get my foot inside the boot, they looked as though they would have fit. They appear to be of good quality and are very attractive.
Slight improvement in vision, but barely noticeable . If you're looking for a decent pair of safety glasses, these will do but if you're looking for something to improve your night or driving vision, my advice is to keep looking.
Ok I was excited to have sperrys, it was great to have them arrive but to start they were larger than expected. I kept them though and have been wearing them, but they have been wearing out like cray recently. There are multiple holes that have worn into it, the sperrys logo on the back of the right food is tearing off, and the siding is starting to separate from the shoes. Unless I can get these replaced for super fast wear and tear then this was kind of a bust purchase. Shoes are made to be worn and if they fall apart because you wear them as your normal shoes then they aren't worth buying.
I think the throwback look of the sneaker is cool looking but the leather is soft and floppy like the canvas sneaker. If the leather was more firm like a regular leather sneaker, I think it would be a good product.
Cheaply made, can get higher quality for the same price at Walmart. Lenses keep popping out.
Bottom too soft for a baby learning how to walk.
Fabric was very thin. Returned and bought a different Sperry.
they were very wide in regards to the plastic strap. It was more like a flip flop and was not secure at all. I had to return them.
I bought one of these bags a year or more ago and loved it. The lining wore out so I bought a new one this week. It was not well made, so I ordered a replacement - which turned out to be the same inferior quality. BOTH have different colored zippers (on the same bag) and the top zipper is too long on one end, preventing the shoulder strap from hanging properly. I am VERY disappointed with this product.
They flattened out the 1st time I wore them.
They fell apart after I got caught in a rainstorm while wearing them. Very disappointed because they were so comfortable & simply stylish. 😞
Wore these for a couple of months and the shoe laces broke. Seem to be a sturdy shoe but the laces are terrible.
One of the belts on the front that loops through the decorative metal was not fixed like the other so it constantly slips out. Also when I open the front flap it is very stiff. It has formed an awkward crease in the top of the bag. The fabric lining is not secured so I have often pulled out the fabric when trying to get my wallet out.
Purse arrived but did not have the stated included holster.
They where to big and the heel felt like it could brake off. Had to return them but they are very cute
Not like the ones I bought years ago. Quality not as good. Also I thought I was buying size 8/9 instead somehow I received a 5/6
To light weight seemed like cheapie that wouldn't last so we returned it. Reminded us of those temporary 3D glasses you get at a theater
These sunglasses looked and felt cheap - which is reasonable considering the price. They sat crooked on my face and the mirror part of the lens was warped near the frame. Returning. .
One of the arms fell off in a month of wearing them. Something wrong with manufacturing these cheapies.
Did not fit the shape of my foot but they were cute. They were very big across the top. I couldn't make it work.
They looked nice but the heal was not comfortable
They fell apart. Sole came off at the toe after 2 months.
Cheap materials, they do not bend with your feet.
Did not come to me it got sent to somebody else they already took care of it and send my money back
These glasses are slightly photochromic, but are not polarized. Frames seem pretty good, but I'm returning them because I want polarized lenses.
The fabric liner is very loose and gets caught in the zipper all of the time. I had to yank it open to get my wallet out and the complete zipper got stripped.
Loves the color and even the fit but quality is not great. I've worn maybe a dozen times and they are coming apart! See photos!
Yes and no, good leather but due to numerous hip/leg surgeries I have one foot that doesn't conform to the shoe and there is not enough depth in the toe to the top of the foot for me to be able to keep it out. Also not much lip at the heel.
Smelled really bad. Ended up returning
My feet ache throughout the day and very tired at the end of my day. I do walk a lot but no more or less in any other shoes I have. The product reviews I saw prior to purchase I feel were overrated.. Sorry but really disappointed with this show and only bought because Amazon endorsed it.
Very flimsy, I wore them twice and the front looks like it's about to risk
I bought 2 pairs for myself and a friend. Within a weak of having the shoes, both have already started stripping. Such a waste of money. I would not recommend for anyone.
I don't know what I was expecting with the price but I'm very upset with the quality of these boots. I bought them a little over a month ago and my right boot is letting air into the heel, and every time I step down it makes a hissing noise. There are no holes in the heel, there is a small separation between the bottom portion of the shoe and the rubber heel. For these only being a month old I'm quite upset that I am having issues with these. Gave it two stars because of the look of the boots
The shoe were terrible stiff, toe box was too tight and they smelled so strongly of petroleum or plastic even after letting them set out in the open for days, the smell just wouldn't fade. The fact that the toe box was too tight coupled with the smell was too much to keep them to see if they would stretch, but then they are made in China so I should have known better and expected substandard.
Looks like a blocky boat shoe, not as in the picture. Ordered using Prime Wardrobe which I would not ever do again (Amazon makes it very difficult to return Prime Wardrobe items and charges for items they didn't actually send).
I have ordered these in the past and LOVED them. When I lost the glasses and/or damaged them (due to carelessness on my part) ..it was a no brainer to replace them. I have done this twice. This new one however... is awful! The holder/case is very difficult to use. It is very difficult to snap the glasses back into the clip that holds them. Once that is managed, the slide mechanism that pulls the glass back into the case is very loose. I often find the glasses dangling out of the case. (good thing the clip part is so tight!) Then I am annoyed once again when I go to remove the glasses for use... the clip is so snug, I'm afraid of damaging the things trying to get them unclipped! It's very frustrating all the way around! The glasses themselves seem flimsier that the ones I purchased before. Not happy and will not get them again, as quality control has slipped.
Although the muck shoe fit, the back of the heel comes up too high and cuts into the Achilles' tendon making them uncomfortable to wear. Gave them away.
I wear a 7.5 in all ASICS shoes but these were too small and really hurt my toes when I run. I recommend getting a half size up.
I have been wearing skechers for about 10 years and this is the most uncomfortable pair I have ever had. That includes safety toe work shoes and about 8 other pairs of skechers shoes and sneakers.
This is my second pair of these shoes. I bought the first pair ten years ago, and I still wear them. I bought this new pair simply because I wanted a newer looking sandal. My issue is that the left sandal squeaks when I walk. It started this noise after a couple days of use. I can't return them because they have been worn.
They look VERY similar to what we wore in the Army, and the zipper is easy. They are THE MOST comfortable boots I've ever had. However, they only lasted 2 months. Just bought a second pair.
Only so so. Doesn't stay on well and if gets wet is slippery.
I ordered these shoes in grey of the Ghost 10 but instead, these arrived. The markings are different also on this actual shoe and they don't even sell this color. Must be fake?
The shoe stretched really fast and It started sticking in the back
They were comfortable and looked good but the flip flops were obviously cheaply made and spray painted. After 3-4 weeks of use, the brown paint would rub off and worse it would stain the bottom of my heels and wouldn't come off! I really wanted to like this. So if you are looking for some cheap sandals that will last you only a single trip (like in my case) then I say go for it. Other than that, don't bother...
Material kind of cheap look. Does not compare to the photo. Not a good buy
I should've paid attention to the reviews. My fault. I ordered my usual size 8.5 but I should've gotten a 9. They're so cute though that I'm keeping them and will try to break them in.
These shoes are good slip on shoes, but it was too big in size and also you can feel all the loose fabric that they just flimsily sowed in to the sole. It is not as breathable as advertise, but they are nice slip on shoes to go for a short walk. I wouldn't recommend for exercise or anything cause there is absolutely no ankle support.
Felt like walking on the floor after a week
I didn't care for this. It was too bulky. I don't wear regular glasses (just for reading very small print) but I use my sunglasses all the time so it wasn't too practical to pull out both pairs of glasses every time. It always seemed to be in the way in my purse. If one wears regular glasses and sunglasses a lot I suppose it would be nice.
The shoes are nice. However, the inside toe feels Iike a piece of material is loose and they fit very tight. I wore them one time and have a sore on the back of my heel. I also order a brown pair that I haven't tried yet.
I was really excited to get these rain boots because I have regular crocks and believe that are truly comfortable. DO NOT get these if your feet are thick height wise. I literally wore them for one day and it felt like the pressure from the top of the boot was going to break my foot. They are very cute and made of good material, that is why I gave them two stars.
very comfortable but for $30 i would hope these flip flops could give me at least a few years worth of wear. couldn't believe the toe strap broke in the middle of my trip. how disappointing
I purchased these safety shoes as a gift for my son who does warehouse work part time. I would request a refund but sadly I missed the return window by 1 day. Having worn them 4 days per week for 1 month the shoes are in terrible shape. They are only worn in the warehouse, never as street shoes and always dry yet they are clearly fraying. He was actually going to recommend to management they be purchased and listed for staff use. I don't think so!
It feels as though I am walking on Styrofoam, they were cheap though. You get what you pay for I suppose.
Had three break each within a week, but I like em
These fit me perfectly, I loved how soft they were, and how warm they kept my feet in the winter. I only wore them inside the house, but unfortunately they completely fell apart after 5 months of use. They are unwearable now. After they started to fall apart I could see that the stitching was 1/4 inch apart between stiches and was only held together by 1 thin thread. I'm sad because I really wanted these to last.
I liked the size of the wristlet but didn't like the product name printed on the front of the bag. It also was cheaply made. The lining and inside pocket ripped/ shredded after 3 days of use.
The boots were supposed to be black and they purple also the color rubbed off on my hands and clothes when I tried them on
These shoes hurt my feet the worst they've ever hurt! I've always worked on my feet and at times they do get tired and achey, but something about these shoes...I'm not sure what it is. They fit well for the first few months but now the outside of my foot hurts so bad I can barely walk, during my work shift and for days after. Do not recommend.
Please update you photos, product is not the one on pictures, it's not the same sole, or fit, not true to size order a size up, I have had three pairs of the original model and I guess they don't make it the same anymore. The one I wanted had the reef logo at the bottom, these sandals are thicker. And not as comfortable as the original ones.
My feet didn't feel very relaxed in these relaxed fit shoes. Seems like a standard medium (D) size to me. They were also uncomfortable for the toes when they rubbed against the top of the shoe.
Already showing heavy wear
The color of the shoe was awesome! Very bright and the shoe was very lightweight. Even though the shoe was too large (by a 1/2 size) it was tight across the top of the foot.
I ordered a 10.5 2A, it is too wide, more like a Medium width.
I liked it when I got it but the strap broke within a week :( I guess you get what you pay for.
Runs way small. Ended up having to give them to someone else.
For those of us who've worn the original Sketcher Shape Ups and LOVED them - this is NOT a replacement. I guess I didn't catch the term "Fashion" in the description before I ordered. I wore them for about 1 week (daily on the treadmill) and the support was completely worn down. I would have returned but I DID wear them. I now wear this pair to run errands and around the house, but don't expect these to be the sturdy supportive shoes like the original Shape Ups. If you go on the Sketcher site to FAQ's, you will find 100's of request to bring back the original show. I asked and promptly got an email stating they didn't know if they would bring them back or not. So Sad! and my knees and back feel the pain the most. If someone has found a good replacement, please post!
Photochromic abilities are non-existent. They came with the darker shade, permanent without changing at all. During the day this is fine, but at evening or in the shadows they become too dark for using. Also they are too big for women face (I bought them for my wife).
Not as comfortable as expected. I got the wide and they just feel like mediums. I wanted more room for expanding after being on my feet for more than 10 hours.
Really disappointed in these - I love Sketcher Go Walks and the material was so plastic-like. They were also much more clunky/chunky heavier than the ones I'm used to. Also, I normally wear an 8.5, sometimes an 8. I ordered an 8, thinking they may stretch out but they were way too big. Ended up returning and purchasing the Original, which I am very happy with.
These look great and fit well. The grommet holding the strap to the main shoe broke after about 5 hours of wear and had to be duct taped.
Not accurately sized, runs small. Had to return.
Pump sprayer dispenses product poorly and is difficult to operate when trying to spray instep of a boot.
they look and feel plastic and large for a slim ankle
Too large. I ordered my regular size 9M. Too large. Ugh
These shoes were great but started falling apart after the first use. Very unfortunate for a product that fits very well.
Did not fit properly -- not functional
can only wear for about 10 minutes because part of the tongue at the base rubs the top of my left foot raw.
Removed them after 50 miles. Uncomfortable.
I expected these glasses to have the mirrored front. Like the picture shows. I was completely thrown when they didn't have the mirror look. Disappointed.
Dislikes: Leather toe and heel are stiff and cause discomfort because of tightness. Tight around the zipper/ankle. More of a mid-top than a high-top. The soles are thin cheap foam and glued in so you cant swap out for comfortable supports. Not enough room in the shoe to fit any insole to give any sort of support. Likes: Only mens shoe on the market with a zipper. The color is accurate to what was shown. Seams seem to be of good quality.
I will need to return this, due to damage on the side stitching and a missing piece of the handle. The color is absolutely beautiful and I cannot wait to receive one that is not damaged.
The straps that wrap around your foot are literally 1 1/2” apart! My feet are a normal width and the straps hurt! The arch support is good which is why I gave 2 stars
Fits great, real leather, compact toe. Update Review: - Boot isn't terrible but collects moisture and also I don't recommend for every day wear as they are very uncomfortable and provide little to no ankle support
i have two other pairs of Vionics that are wonderful support for my plantar fasciitis, but these shoes do not measure up. My feet hurt while wearing them and for hours afterwards. I even showed them to my podiatrist, who recommends Vionic, and he was equally surprised and disappointed. Bummer.
Cute shoes, but my normal size 8 fit like a 7. Hated to send them back, but at least Amazon makes that very easy.
the straps are so tiny but it's beautiful
Got these sandals to replace my worn out pair of rainbows. Read the reviews of how comfortable they are as well as beach friendly and felt they would be perfect. They are so comfortable, but they stain my feet black and it does not wash off! My feet look permanently dirty and it is embarrassing!! Definitely did not expect this for the money I paid for them. Happy on comfort, highly disappointed about the feet staining.
Returned, material was too flimsy. Felt like it will break anytime.
I loved it, I thought I finally found the one perfect minimalistic wallet and planned on buying them Everytime one got a little too old but I wasn't expecting it to start falling apart two weeks later, maybe I got a defective one? Idk but I'm really disappointed and was expecting amazing things.
I rarely write a review but I wanted it known that the product above has straps that are at this point stretched out and broke. I tend to carry purses for longer than a few months and expect them to be durable and last. I ordered at the end of May 2018 and it was stretched by July and broken now in August 2018. Very disappointing as I loved the size, look, and feel of the purse.
Very cute and they look just like the picture but these run extremely small. I wear a size 9M US and after reading some other reviews I sized up a full size. These are still somewhat small. They fit lengthwise but the top of the shoe, right at the base of the tongue, are VERY snug and are very painful to wear. I do not have wide feet either. Trying them on and just sitting down even hurt because they push down on the tops of my feet. I'm attempting to stretch them a bit so I can actually wear them.
Will be donating these. Not stretchy at all over toes
Great, deep cushion but way undersized. I wear a 9.5 mens, ordered a 11 and they're so tight they hurt.
Like the shoe but treads on bottom fall off .
These laces are great for casual shoes, but just terrible for hiking/work boots as the laces are just far too stretchy. It may not be as much of an issue if they were a little thicker as I fear ripping them if I pull too hard. Regardless, the stretch defeats the purpose of a fitting boot, I would only use these in casual shoes that you'd just want to slip in and out of for city errands.
Cute, but not for me. I returned them
Right type and color but photo showed a much wider and rounded lense. Actual lense was more rectangular.
These are nice boots but the opening is extremely tight around my calfs. The opening is way to small so it's really uncomfortable. They're hard to wear with tights, wearing them with jeans is unimaginable. They're rubbery so there isn't a way to widen or stretch the opening. I don't have large calfs at all. They really need to address this because if it's that tight around my small leg, everyone else has to have the same problem.
The first thing I'd like to comment on is the sizing. I wear an 8 and I purchased an 8. My toes went all of the way to the very end. So I think going a half size up would be recommended. Now for the defects. As you can see by the pics that the pair I received had a defective left shoe. The opening around the ankle was a lot larger that the right, (which fit perfect on my ankle) so there was an overlap of material which was uncomfortable. This is only a cosmetic defect, but the toe on the left shoe was way off center. They are being returned.
These boots fit true to size, wear comfortably but not for long. Less that three month of average wear sole came apart.
I have many pairs of Vionic sneakers and in different styles (i.e. Mary Jane sneakers) that don't contribute to my heel, ankle and lower leg pain but, instead, they help me to get through the day with minimum to no pain. Unfortunately, this does not hold true with these Brisk Miles sneakers. I can feel the friction every time my heels hit the ground, resulting in my heels, ankles and lower legs hurting for the rest of the day. I have worn these shoes a few times and only for short intervals each time, hoping they'd work, so they can't be returned. The impact on my heels is too much and I can't wear them any longer, but these sneakers might work great for someone else.
I ordered a half size bigger than normal & the 81/2 that arrived was closer to a size 6. It's a shame that they aren't advertised as MUCH SMALLER THAN ACTUAL SIZE. I sent them back & am now waiting for a different brand
My toes are uncomfortable
Sneakers were used not new not what I expected
The sole wore out in 6 months.
The point of having a shoe like this (for me) is so it stays on when walking. However, I could not get the clasp re-fastened when putting on the shoe. The little lever kept falling out and would not stay in the hole. Never got them all the way on for this reason.
Firstly, I didn't receive the first pair of shoes that I ordered. The package was damaged and returned to sender. It was automatically made to be a refund so I had to reorder them. I have not received my refund yet. The actual shoes would be cute if the “fur” wasn't sticking up and showing the unfinished trim of the sole on mine. It does run small. However they still fit my foot.
I was so excited for these shoes to get here so I could wear them for my work conference in Florida. They looked amazing and felt great and I couldn't wait to show them off with my outfit. After wearing them one night inside the hotel ballroom, 4 of the gems were missing from the shoes. I did not dance or anything, just simply walked around and couldn't believe how bad they looked at the end of the night. I hope amazon sends me another pair to replace them so I can maybe wear them for another occasion.
This is a very beautiful and very warm show -- I keep them sitting by my recliner to put on when my feet are cold. They do not, however, provide any support for the foot if you have any foot problems -- hence,, I wear regular good support shoes around the house but keep these by the recliner when my feet aren't warm enough and I'm just sitting. I have the grey and it is such a pretty collar with the warm white inside the house slipper and around my ankle. I recommend them but not for anyone who has ever had a foot problem and needs some support in their house slipper. But they indeed will keep your feet warm -- in fact, sometimes too warm and you might have to give your foot a breather..
These are smaller than prior Gel-Nimbus versions.
batter me.on my feet to much
The left shoe has a defect in the sole area. I wore it for 1 day and the bottom of my left foot was irritated and sore. Can't return since I wore for 1 day so I'm stuck. Wonderful. I should have paid more attention to the unfair seller policies.
it came but it was bigger than expected so i gifted them....
Came with two holes.
Very disappointed in these shoes. They quickly broke down on the inside sole. The exterior held up well but they've become so uncomfortable with the sole breaking down so badly.
Already falling apart after 2 weeks.
The shoe looks really nice when you first open the box. After wearing it for a short period of time it starts falling apart. Also not the most comfortable shoe.
I do not like these. At the end of the day my toes hurt. They are not wide enough in the tow area for my feet.
I was used to a different style of minimalist shoe. This one was not for me.
Bought these for my husband for father's day and he loved them! But after 2 months of casual wear, not daily, they have already worn through the soles and hurt his feet. Very disappointed that they did not last longer considering the price.
Too big! Need to return please!
Package arrived on time, but the packaging was not good. The boots were smashed and twisted. I don't know if they will fit properly now or not as they are a gift for grandbaby.
It wasn't what I expected. I didn't even use it for my trip. The strap is thin. It's cute but I'm not going to use it.
I saw someone else at work wearing these and they looked extremely tough but lightweight. I ordered a pair and while the fit was great, I was very disappointed in how quickly the soles wore out. Within a couple of months I ended up having to toss them because the outside of the sole wore out so much it was causing pain to my ankles when I walked. I ended up going back and ordered a new set of the same shoes that I had previously worn.
These socks fit and feel great! Just the look I was looking for. However after just a few washes most of the socks have runs or snags in them. Doesn't seem like they'll last too long.
Shoes were used at an adventure park that consisted a lot of walking, zip lines into water, water slides, and vehicles. At the end of the day, calves hurt, feet hurt, and got numerous blisters. I have plantar fascitis, so these did not have much support.
The color isn't as the picture shows, it looks like dark brown and it came light brown, must order half size smaller also
Very comfortable but too big. Need to buy a whole size down
Love the shoes themselves however the quality is horrible. I have had them 3 months and one of the straps has come undone already and the sole is coming apart. Very disappointed.
I was so obsessed with these glasses but I haven't even had a chance to wear them out and there's already 2 diamonds that fell out! I'm so disappointed they're so cute
The length of the slipper is fine but the fury band on top is way too loose
The two bottom straps were broken and the return by date was the next day. I'm very disappointed!
took on a trip to costa rica, loved these, wore them daily until they ripped 3 days into the trip, huge disappointment
They are cute but they are very narrow, I had to return them.
It was new and in good condition but concept sounds better online that it actually is. It moves around in my wife's purse and didn't hold everything in place. She stopped using it quickly.
On the first week I received the boots I was able to run around them and wear them to a firm fit. The soles are somewhat hard but the boots are overall solid, they don't however hold much shock absorption and caused my right foot to have a nerve pinch from the center of my foot down to the big toe.
Don't be fooled by the hard plastic sole that shows as if it has an arch support. These are for flat footed people. If you have an aching back, they are not for you. I cant seem to find a pair of slippers that have an arch support and a rubber sole to absorb the shock of walking. These might be good for keeping your feet warm as you curl up on the couch but that's about all. Very stiff to begin with and just plain uncomfortable.
Disappointed.... received with glue all over the straps. They fit amazingly, but I can't wear them now because the dried glue is way too noticeable and embarrassing. Hopefully the seller can help with this.
Wide size was way too narrow. Very cushy , but painfully tight on both little toes. Couldn't return, so gave them away. Not as wide as my other Nike shoes.
Fit GOOD, but COLOR Not as pictured when ordered. Picture when ordered showed BROWN. Actual color is closer to Green.
I have other Keen shoes and 10-1/2 M fits perfectly in those. However this was extremely narrow and shorter. Had to return. Thought that ordering through Amazon would be easy since I was basically replacing what I already had... not so much.
When I got it the inside bottom was unglued and was the greatly made. I had to send back.
I learned not to go by the reviews. Much to small
Very poor quality. Frame cracked in 2 days on one of them and in 2 weeks on another pair. Totally waisting of money.
Im surprised how good the reviews are for these glasses. They actually look good in the pictures and in person, however, they feel cheaper than a pair of $10 backup glasses I got from Walmart. And these Oakleys are even more uncomfortable then the Walmart glasses. They are constructed of plastic and the nose area is wide and flat with no cushioning. Although these glasses feel light in your hand, they do have some heft weighing down on your nose. So it was uncomfortable from the moment I put them on. Cant imagine how they would feel after an hour of wearing. The matte version of these are coated in some sort of powdered rubber material which looks nice, but any products I ever known with this material always breaks down and starts chipping off. Probably even quicker when exposed to sun, heat, sweat...etc. One thing I do like about these glasses in comparison to other Oakleys (or many other glasses in general) are they fold up much flatter than most. They did not come with a case though. Only a flimsy bag which wont protect much of anything. Not really sure whats going on with these big name sunglass companies these days....? I am in the market for new glasses because my expensive Under Armor glasses which I only owned for a couple years died a slow death from the day I bought them. I checked out a few other pairs of oakleys, and they seem better made. But nothing like what they used to be. Its a shame because these really look nice. But I'm in it for the long game, and I dont expect these to hold up.
The shoe fit very well but didnt like it much when I saw it in person. Not very fashionable.
Its a great shoe, just surprised that after 3 months the lining on both shoes ripped. Disappointed, they didn't last.
I DISLIKE THE FACT THAT AFTER A WEEK THE SHOES/SLIPPER CAME APPART
Doesn't look as shown in pic. Stitches quality seems mediocre.
Product arrived unboxed, in a plastic bag. May not have been new, as advertised
Purse had a smile pinhole size in it when I received it. If there is something you can do to accommodate this small defect I would appreciate it.
I love the look of these white flip flops. The center crystal is missing on one of them. Too big of a pain to return so I'll have to find a crystal and hot glue it on. Disappointed there wasn't a quality check before shipping.
Love the look and the room to fit just about everything but the kitchen sink. The only thing the didn't sit right was the quality. The shoulder strap broke at one end which made it useless. The bag began to come apart very quickly. More like shedding the trim first the began to peel. Didn't have it for 3 weeks before it happened.
No. Don't like the material. It looks fine from far, but looks cheap from close.
They are cheaply made and have a very synthetic odor to them. Toe area is very uncomfortable and scratches against side of foot and toe area. The plastic areas look really cheap. Runs small. These will go back for sure.
Love the flexibility and strength, but you have to hold them in place with one hand; otherwise they fall off. They absolutely will not clamp to your nose.
These slippers look super comfy and I was excited to try them on, immediately something felt off it was painful on my right foot. The sole placement/lining is misaligned and there is a sharp edge that continually presses against the foot sole. I considered exchanging as maybe this pair was a flop but for the price I'd rather not risk it. Returning.
Returned them - they run huge.
I bought these because I always seem to be tying and getting my shoelaces. Once they were assembled they were great. However, assembling these is not easy. They have practically microscopic screws that need to first be picked up, then placed within the little hole on the magnetic clipped. It is really difficult to pick up the screw with adult hands, then if you manage to pick it up, very easy to drop and lose, they do send a couple extra screws but I ended up losing 2 before getting them assembled. You also have to insert the lace inside the clasp and hope it stays in there while trying to get the itty bitty screw in the proper position to screw it in. They did well one assembled but took about 45 minutes to get everything together. Don't know if I would purchase again
Ran small. I returned them
So, I received my bag today and was very disappointed. Upon opening the packaging to inspect the item, I immediately noticed that the bag was completely flattened on one side. The hard interior of the bag is cracked and broken. Furthermore, the bag is somewhat dirty with brownish marks all over the bottom of the bag. If the bag was darker I probably would have overlooked it but because the material is silver it looks horrible. Once I flipped the bag over to check the front of the bag for damage, I noticed that the stitching has come apart along the edge of the entire flip cover.
You get what you pay for. Mine broke and I barely did anything to them.
Not the most comfortable work shoe I've purchased but serviceable so far. They are very slippery on some surfaces in wet conditions. Very disappointing for a work shoe. Probably would not buy again.
After running up hill for a mile, the bottom of my feet started to hurt tremendously.
The faux leather cracked, on both shoes, at the bend point within a month. My daughter only wore these to school, and always removed them first thing upon returning home.
I have only worn these slippers a couple times and one has already ripped.
The seam came undone in some of the pockets.
This clutch seemed so perfect at first but after a few weeks the strap started ripping of and taking some of the clutch with it. Also the zip gets stuck often and one time I thought it was broke because I zipped it up and it was still open. I was looking forward to keeping my phone in this clutch but I don't think the strap can handle the weight of it. Basically, with its low price You're getting the quality/resilience that you pay for. I'm a college girl and I need to be able to carry as much as possible in iton my wrist and it just isn't up to par. If you plan on keeping it in a purse often and not stuffing it with stuff it should do just fine.
The package took forever to get here and when it did it was wrapped in plastic but inside the plastic the whole box and shoes was soaking wet.
Tight around the toes. It didn't seem like a good fit for an all day wedding.
Not comfortable. not enough toe room.
I though Uggs would make a comfortable sandal but these are really hard and uncomfortable. I ordered a half size up and they are pretty tight, I can't even wear socks with them. It's too late to return so I'm stuck with them. At least they're cute.
I ordered according to the sizing chart. They turned out to be somewhat larger than expected size.
I like the look and how snug they are but... super cheap material and the lens popped out after two days.
Received a different model and glasses had damage
It ended up being a chew toy for my dog to carry around and sleep with I could not put my foot into the opening it was too small I'm sure that the inside of the foot would have worked but my feet were too big to enter and try
The edges on either side of the strap are rough, not rounded like some other models. As a result, even a modest amount of walking caused the straps to start scraping the skin off the top of my feet. This might be good for showers, and that's it
Purchased in May. Worked great for daily use until December. Plastic frame just snapped when putting on glasses in December. Discarded and ordered replacement from another company.
I'm returning them... they run small. I ordered 38, usually I fit 37 1/2 or 38, and they were still tight (too short). Otherwise very pretty shoes
I'm used to Sketchers being soft and flexible these are very stiff so not as comfortable
The pictures look vastly different than the actual glasses. I was expecting matte finished sides but they are plastic and very low grade plastic. Just get them from walmart for $5 they are literally the same glasses
Exceptionally cheap and non-durable. Broke and stretched out within a couple days. They are basically useless.
It does not work as advertised.
These shoes are NOT COMFORTABLE!!!! They are a little bit narrow and terrible foot support. STEER CLEAR if you're looking for comfortable loafers! 2 stars solely because to do look nice.
Purse handle strap broke first day I used it in the middle of the mall. Cute otherwise, but a long strap is a must for me.
Super cute but they killed my feet. I ordered wide in a half size larger and still ended up giving them away. Couldn't make it an hour in them. Toes went numb.
Classic black heel that's true to size but VERY uncomfortable after hours of wear. I was fooled by the heel size in thinking that a short heel equates to a more comfortable shoe but I found that not to be true in this case.
Sole is very thin and poor quality. I returned the boots.
Wore these shoes for the first time today because I was tired of wearing boots and within 4 hours the color is peeling off and the sole is separating from the material. Good for wearing once or twice but pretty much disposable after that.
The nose pad arms came crooked and one of the hinges didn't offer proper tension. The sunglasses work when you get them to stay on your face properly, but that only happens after a lot of fixings.
Definitely not Women's sizing. I have big feet, too but these were a generic unisex shoe, not the women's one I thought I ordered. Very wide.
Then this is the shoe for you. These bad boys will cram your toes together tighter than bloodthirsty black friday mobs. the tongue lacks width and the stitching rubs against toes. Theres no arch support with just enough room for insoles. These are relaxing weekend shoes and NOT work shoes.
Tread was quite poor for typically wet conditions like rain on pavement. Slipping was all too common. Due to this, tread wore away more quickly than it probably ought to have, exacerbating the problem further. More of an issue was durability. Both left and right suffered splits allowing water straight into the boot. Had to super glue pieces back together as a temporary fix until a new pair was purchased. Size ran a bit small, but is otherwise comfortable enough and the style is minimalist enough to go with most things worn. Regardless, I would not recommend due to poor durability and poor tread.
These were much clumsier than anticipated- had to return
Did not get a chance to test them due to them being too small
Made for a very wide nose(not small or skinny). Also, the lenses are about twice as large as they should be.
I loved the look of this bag but the quality is poor. 2 of the zippers are broken, I've had it for 3 months. It's too late to return or exchange.
Wouldn't even bother with them. They run too small by 2 sizes for some people.
Bought these as a gift for my mom and was pretty dissatisfied. At first glance they look cute, but They were really stiff and weird to walk in.
the glasses are to small for me to wear
They were good while they lasted but broke after 6 months on a walk which was extremely inconvenient when I had to pick my way with only one sandal. Won't buy these again.
These shoes are not even close to the right size. My size 10's actually fit like a size 8. Wasted my money.
The lenses are yellow. They make white light yellow. They don't do anything else. Don't waste your money.
Too small yet still doesn't stay on feet well!
No other words for my Vionic slippers. I have been a Vionic customer for years and have purchased their boots, their sandals and various styles of slippers. THESE ARE THE BEST!! and I am going to order more colors because I am sure sooner or later they will no longer be available and they are too perfect for me to let disappear! Updated June 8, 2019. I have worn these for about a week around the house and they have become dangerous because they have stretched out terribly and are extremely loose! At my age I can't afford to be walking and tripping because a slipper has become so loose they are a danger to walk in! They were a perfect fitting 8 when I received them and now they are more like a 9! I don't understand it but as a long-time Vionic customer I am extremely disappointed and will be returning them. Poor Quality!
I searched high and low for a pair of size 4 toddler rain boots, but most brands started at size 5. So, I was so excited when i found these and thought they would be perfect for my daughter. However, they're actually BIGGER than the size 5's I already have for her. Now I have 2 pairs for her to grow into, but none for her to wear now.
Good shoe, but it's not bright white at all. The shoelaces are bright white but the leather is a bit off white and I think this is misleading. Keeping them though because they are comfortable. Not happy with the color.
Tried to wear them for 2 days, but my heels were uncomfortable. They are a wee bit to small.
Nice color little small not very spacious.
They are durable but they came with a super strong smell. I had to put them by the window for 2 days to get it off. This makes me think the material they use is not very safe because they had a strong chemical smell, but I don't wear them all day so I'm not that concerned. They look like the picture and they are comfortable.
If you have narrow to medium feet, these might work for you. If you have medium to wide, you may not ever get them on. The knit is not stretchable like it looks in the picture. One good thing, once they are actually on, there is plenty of room in the toes, unlike most shoes. Wish I could stretch out the weave. The seller was very accommodating and gave me a refund. Good customer service.
Shoe is okay but am not too comfortable with the fit on my feet.its abit too formal for me.
Very cute shoe, and I have a little bit of wide feet and that would of been okay, but they were to tight for my big toes. I had to surgery last December and my toe is wider now from it.
This product was as described. The only reason I returned is it seems to be cheaply made by Vera Bradley. The seller was great to work with.
I love Clark shoes but....I had to return these because they hurt my feet by my big toe.
I have pain in my feet at the end of the day .Pain flows up my leg.
I love how they look however they're not comfortable at all. I commute to work and the trip with these on is very difficult. I come home in so much pain that it goes up to my legs.
These boots are cute but don't expect them to last if your baby is walking. My daughter (22 months) wore them once for about 4 hours and the fabric began to come off near the toe of the shoe. The soles are not durable enough for these shoes to be worn outside so unless you're buying them for a baby who doesn't walk, I'd pass.
The quality is not the best — at all. I recommend you purchase them if you are not going to wear them often. I wear them once a week and that is good enough for me. However, after wearing them once they started to deteriorate. I do not recommend them if you want decent to good quality shoes.
They don't really help with the glare at night on rainy days as much as I would like. But it just could be I am getting old.
They fall off my sons face
Lightweight but not as comfortable as I had hoped
It's too small and I don't think it can fit everyone and the quality is not that good and don't deserve the asking price
way bigger then expected
I usually wear 7.5 but I order 8w and it is small
Fit well but after a couple times wearing them his feet smelled awful They seem to be waterproof but we don't understand the bad smell because he has never had this issue before..
did not feel comfortable, my foot slid off
It was smaller than I thought
These are great shoes! My husband found them to be super comfortable, except that the lack of 1/2 sizes led to an issue with fit. He usually wears a 9.5. We tried both size 9 and size 10 hoping that one would fit but had to return both pairs. We would recommend these shoes as long as you don't normally wear 1/2 sizes.
The grip/tightness when wearing could be better. Glasses slide off my face when looking down. But still a good buy for the price.
The straps are hard to fasten due to placement of holes. I put in gel inserts for dancing
I purchased these as insurance against the potential need to make a 12 hour drive at night - possibly in the rain. As it was, my DIL went into labor mid-morning, and only a portion of my drive was in the dark - and fortunately no rain. I have since used them to negotiate traffic in the rain, both at night and on a cloudy, dismal evening. I can't say they made a huge difference, but I know they helped. Considering my paranoia about driving on unfamiliar roads and highways on dark, rainy nights, I'm going to conclude that they helped to reduce my apprehension.
Very uncomfortable. The back causes blisters
Due to toe inflexibility, shoe cuts at toes and gives impression of being shorter. Wrong color was shipped. Will have to return.
Nice case but a bit too big for my intended use.
wish it would have fit...they are so pretty
The shoes are very cute, but they cut into the back of my heel.
They appear do be working as advertised .
i would like to exchange for a different size
So these are prettt great sunglasses but I'm giving it a 3 because if you have a low nose bridge or chubby cheeks, it's not the greatest fit. But other than that you could rock these!
Super cute shoes that don't look as inexpensive as they are! BUT listen to all of the reviews. THEY RUN SMALL. I am an 8 1/2, sometimes 9. I ordered a size 9 to be safe and they are way too small.
Very nice shoe & comfy. Giving this a lower rating because one shoe is defective. There is nothing to hold the strap in place on the right shoe.
The flip flops are good, but my only complaint is they run a but small. I got my normal size and my heel is about 1/4 of an inch hanging off the back. They're very comfortable and their sole is thicker than expected.
Run small. I ordered up a half size, should have gone up a full size.
Got this sunglasses on the mail i like the way it looks but it came with the lenses barely fit in the frame. I had to fix it and put it back in place but still had the space and the lense didnt seem like its the right fit for the frame. 😫 supposed to be a christmas present but decided not to give it due to the lenses not fitting well in the frame.
I really wanted to love these, but I don't. I've had two pair of Altras in the past and loved them. These seem a little cheap compared to the others. Worst of all, they've rubbed a blister on one foot arch. I was hoping after breaking them in it would stop but after 3 weeks, still blisters!
these glasses came in a nice little bundle, and they are pretty good quality too! But these are way too big for my face, id say these are better suited for mens faces as they are larger and would be more proportional but if youre into the oversized look go for it!
The clip mechanism is a little stiff and doesn't open very much. If your glasses are wire-frames, this won't be an issue, but if they're a bit thicker, you'll need two hands to put them on or take them off. This is something I wish I'd realized, especially since they don't flip up. The photos showed them clipped onto plastic frames, so I guess I thought this wouldn't be an issue, but it basically means that if the weather's partly cloudy, I can't really wear them while driving unless I'm stopping a lot. Still though, the tint is nice, not too dark, and more toward yellow which handles bright sunlight without diminishing vision. If you have wire frames or super thin plastic frames, I highly recommend these, but if they're a little thicker, I'd suggest going with ones that flip.
After 2 months the bottom of the shoe started to peel
Fit great! Falling apart after only a few miles....
I love these! Super cute! My son doesn't walk yet, and they fall off here and there, but are still adorable!
I hope they brake in fast! They seem Stiffer than a regular shoe.
Poor quality, I expected much better quality
Great for sneakers, does say can be used for suede but I don't recommend using it for that. It messed up my boots.
Very uncomfortable not worth the price. Will not recommend it.
Asics has a tendency to change size fittings from year to year. The shoes I ordered were no exception. Too small. Not the suppliers mistake or problem.
Nice fit when new but once the lining gets worn down they are at least a size larger. Prefer a snug fit but now they fall off all the time.
Lasts only a few months but are very comfortable.
I like the quality and its look, but I am very disappointed that it did not come with shoulder straps option. For the price your paying it should.
I really loved these boots at first, but as I continued to wear them the heal broke down. Now I am unable to wear them.
The reason I gave this product a 3 star is because although I liked and fit well I wore once on vacation was in water less than 30 minutes when took off the inside sole had came loose on both shoes. :( I was able to put back in but now fight them on the rolling up inside shoe.
I'm glad I went with the next size down or they would of been to big I like them alot
Loved shoe hated width.
Looks great but memory foam is too thin to matter, meaning not very comfortable.
These yeezys are okay quality but are horrible if you look at the details. A really addidas yeezy 350 has BOOST write on the bottom these stayed sport, they also had sport written all over the shoe. All other fakes have the real easy embroidery. These are comfortable but horrible fakes.
Loved these shoes until they started getting a hole on the side. I believe it is a design flaw. I haven't had them long and holes have developed where the shoe creases and the fabric meets the plastic lines. I've never had fabric wear out this quickly.
Not as comfy as last pair
They are very comfortable, but very large, I have asked for a woman's waist and it seems that they sent as men.
Don't like the fit as well as the authentic. A little narrow
Didn't wear the shoes, read the reviews and the shoes were too big to begin with. Spend money on a nice pair of boots you'll wear for a long time instead of getting cheap boots.
Usually buy Keen and only Keen, but these broke after the third time wearing these. I'll buy a different kind of Keen.
Suede fits much better than the leather
Night vision works great, good construction. A little heavy and lets some light in around sides. Not bad, just I have a different brand I prefer better.
the toe was much longer than expected and therefore the boot was quite large on me. Beautiful boot, maybe just not my style.
Love merrells but so disappointed in color, they look nothing like picture. Also, 2 day shipping took 6 days
Sooo uncomfortable. I wear an 8.5 and ordered an 8.5 and my foot kept sliding over the top of the shoe. The ankle straps didn't have enough holes to tighten them enough
Shoe is okay loose fit, somewhat comfortable.
I bought these as a gift for my husband, but unfortunately they were too narrow, so we had to return them. He does not have exceptionally wide feet, and normally doesn't require extra-wide shoes, so we were surprised when these didn't fit.
I bought this purse late March and in late July I could no longer close the main closure. The last purse I had was from Wal Mart and lasted me 5 years so I know that I am not hard on a purse. I bought this one because it is leather and I knew it should last longer. Boy was I wrong!!!! Don't get me wrong I love the purse. But this one must have been faulty which is why I give it a 3 star rating. I just wished it was better made!!!
My prescription glasses fit in the frame perfectly, unfortunately the magnets dont even line up with each other or the clip on would be almost perfect.
Fits very small I went according to the size chart and they ran small. I usually wear a size 7 1/2 or 8 and ordered a size 7 and way too small.
Package came damaged.
I forgot to check to see if they were polarized before I ordered them. I'm keeping them and they work for now.
Their bigger than expected.
These shoes were very cute ..:but they run small so I had to return them . I did not reorder .
Fit well, but needed a spot of glue to hold. Also, not as padded as original.
Inner construction needs to be addressed. I wore them once and the lining came loose at the toe
just what I needed for the boat house.
The color was a brighter yellow than pictured. I was looking for a pale yellow. Other than the color, everything else was fine. Item returned.
Good beach/ swimming pool shoe. Not so great for the shower.
Strong chemical smell. Runs large. My son is going to be one at the end of this month. We ordered 6-12 M, but it's still too big for him. The shoe is almost 5.25 inches long and it's almost 1 inch too long for him!
A little on the cheap side. The zippers inside the bag didn't work and the snap to close the purse looks like it might fall off any minute. But I guess you get what you pay for right? Overall, cute clutch. Went well with my outfit...
Nice insert, would be better if it had a 1 pocket long pocket on the outside rather than 3 small pockets on both outer sides. Red should be a option.
Overall, its a good looking shoe in my opinion. If you look closely, you could tell its not a typical athletic shoe, but overall resembles it pretty closely. The reason for my return of the product is due more to comfort. I would need to put a insert into these shoes because they are not comfortable to my standard. I think these are puncture proof which I like, but they are too heavy compared to what I need. The shoe is slightly heavier in the front which makes it harder to walk gracefully for me (it cause me to slap my feet when I walk).
These shoes are very cute! Unfortunately, they do run a size too big (or did for me at least). I generally wear a 9, and these shoes were too long for my feet. Luckily, my friend was able to wear them.
will not keep feet warm. they come wide, that way you can wear thick socks
They look a lot better than I thought they would. Really nice case! I think they may work well in rain, I haven't tried it yet. In regular night driving they do brighten everything up but this was a problem for me because the oncoming headlights we're too bright and hurt my eyes.
They are cute but too small. I would order them again but definitely one size up.
Great value, good product. My husband wanted a slim wallet and it fits all the necessities perfectly.
Product is great, but the delivery not so much. It was not delivered to my door, it was tossed into my yard.
The girl in the photo holding this purse must be a midget. The purse looks way bigger in the photo. Purse seems way smaller than I expected.However, i do Love the color and material.
They're okay but I've had better. After a while, they work the muscles in my feet because of the weight of them.
Great size, great material, pretty color... SMELLS TERRIBLE. Like, what on earth? It smells like a hamster lived in the lining before it was sent! I currently have dryer sheets in it, praying the stank goes away.
These shoes look pretty but run small. I got them for my mother but they were to small for her. I wear them but I am a size smaller and they fit me fine.
The right shoe has a bulge on pad area that becomes uncomfortable after a while. Like the sole or padding was cut slightly thicker? If that wasn't there these shoes would be perfect.
Super cute but the sound box in the cookie went out within probably a week or so
too small to handle. The bristles come out easily.
They're cute and the color is nice but the glitter slightly rubs off. I haven't shown them to my daughter yet but I know that she'll love them
Attractive but not very durable. Strap broke within weeks
Sorry to say for this boots I received 2 different size boots in the box and had to return it for a refund
Really cute and comfortable, but as other reviewers have mentioned - they really stink. I put them outside, but that didn't do much. Today I put them in a paper bag with a box of baking soda. I hope it works, otherwise, they will be unwearable.
Cute wallet, a little on the chunky side but overall very nice! :)
The first pair I bought worked great. This new pair I bought not so much April 11 I ordered them. It's now may 26 and the boot is already coming undone the boot is coming off the soul. Very disappointing
Very cute and good quality but small for size. My 2yr old is unable to get them on himself therefore I'm returning for that reason. (It's actually a bit difficult for me to get them on him as well.)
Worked some but not much
I actually loved using this purse for 6 weeks. Then with no hard use at all the zipper on the inside pocket broke. The part you hold on to came off the zipper. Doesn't appear to have anything to hold it on at the end. I am sorry not to be able to use now.
Very light, fits great. But after 3weeks the insoles became loose and moves around while walking. Sometimes the insoles bunch up at the back.
Seem like nice quality. Disappointed that you can see my eyes through the lenses. Also the glasses are quite large and flat. They dont curve at all with the face.
I love the design of these. When I received them you could see glue hanging off from the jewels on them. I picked it off and they look great. Not as wide as I would like but I have wide feet. Overall I love them!
It's a pain to install but otherwise it works if you have a child with narrow feet it is perfect if you have a child with white feet it's gonna be too tight so I may recommend a different brand or a different style for that.
Color is very gold. Not light like the picture shows.
had to return the large size and order and xl-my shipping was deducted from my return refund.
These slippers are very soft and cozy! The only problem is that I they run smaller than the size chart indicates and my heel hangs off the back of the slipper. I recommend purchasing a size larger than the size chart suggests.
This shoe is cute, but it was way too big. I normally wear a size 8, and it fit more like a size 9. I didn't exchange for another size because I was afraid the toe area wouldn't fit. I have a bunion, so I didn't want to take a chance.
Love Lilly, But this is not as durable as it should be. The strap that holds the tag on is too easily destroyed during travel. But it's pretty! And easy to spot if it stays on!
I am having swollen foot problems right now and wanted something I could wear around the house so the compression hose I need to wear would not slide on our vinyl flooring. I ordered a man's shoe so I could compensate for the swelling but the size I ordered (comparing men's and women's sizes) did not work for me. I also thought they would be wider for more room but the design with the seam down the middle of the top of the shoe is very annoying and does not wear well. I would not recommend them to any shopper, male or female.
Picture of what I ordered. And what received. What do you see wrong with this picture??
overall for the price its a cute shoe, would be a good idea after each use to replace cardboard inside shoe to prevent crease
Nice looking but a little tight and uncomfortable toes rubbing top, not a true 11
I found the mesh fabric on this shoe to be too tight and uncomfortable. Couldn't easily slip on and off.
They look super cute and I love the color. Still, my foot feels so tight in them, especially in the toes. I've never had a pair of shoes that made me feel claustrophobic until now. I keep the laces pretty loose so I can wear them occasionally.
Description indicated electrical approved - I somewhat expected this would have a 'hard' toe, as in the past, however it is a soft toe boot.
They didn't have my size but I ordered anyways and of course they were to big, I returned them and received a refund right away.
The glasses definitely looked as pictured and function ok, they are quite large glasses though. They look like I'm wearing safety glasses
Not polarized but are otherwise ok
The shoe runs about 2 to 3 sizes too small, but once you get the right size it is okay.
The bag was a gift for my daughters music teacher. It was a great way to give her the other gifts given. However the music notes were kind of faded and smudged. Also the bag had a slightly fishy smell and we had to spray it with lysol. For the price it was still an ok gift.
Love the look and color but not comfortable at all.
Pretty looking. Sizing is way off. The grey material felt thin like tissue paper. Like if you tripped the material would be shot.
I like them was about to buy more but they raised the price almost 14 dollars.
I like it, but one side of the removable inside piece is missing the Velcro that attaches it to the rest of the shell. I had to safety pin that side to keep the middle part in place. Without the Velcro everything in the middle part moves around and things slide out of their pockets from underneath into the other compartments. There is no bottom sewed into the middle removable piece. It's just an insert with square bottomless dividers. I didn't want the hassle of returning, because I like the concept, but I wish it were made better.
Had to return it cuz the design was different than the pic.
Somewhat tight (narrow) in the middle (even after undoing as much of the drawstring). Hope it stretches a bit over time so it wouldn't kill my feet. It feels light yet strong.
These are warm and comfortable, but they lasted less than 12 hours before the pompoms fell off. They're still usable and I still like them a lot, but now I fear I need to treat them extra carefully.
Cute but the little tab that says sport fell off
I wanted to love these shoes. I have a medium width foot and these fit but my foot hangs over the side a bit. They look funny.
The bag is an OK knockoff - a bit too square compared to the authentic. Of course it's unbranded inside, but that isn't a big deal for $80. The biggest problem and why I'm returning is that the hardware is off. It's a bit too brassy and crooked as well - I didn't upload a picture but you can see this same issue in all the reviewer photos. I'd give it a 5/10 for accuracy.
Great fitting shoe for my narrow foot/high arch. Loved the fit. the lacing system's great. Needs a tougher outsole: my pair wore out after a year and a half, and I used them just for regular street wear and a number of hikes/campouts. Yeah, that's the weak spot with these. . . otherwise I would be happy to buy another pair---I love Vasque stuff---but I need boots that last longer than this. My review here is based on 1.5 years of active use. Didn't buy them two days ago and jot this review in the joy of a new purchase!
Shower sole is not great.
Using in the yard my feet were sliding all over the place in these and eventually tore the strap out. Otherwise very comfy and handy.
If looking for a shoe for swollen feet, this is a good but not great choice. I still have trouble closing the flaps over the top of my dad's swollen feet. Con: Pricey and I will have to spend more money to have a shoe repair shop to add an extension of Velcro to try to make them fit.
will not order again. for the price was okay, stitches loose, in general after a couple week of use, is got to big and loose. for the size i purchase.
shoes were just way to big for my moms foot... Hate to but need to return them..
Good size quality not to good
Bought these as a gift. Liked that they looked like real loafers instead of obvious house slippers. The material on the inside balls up and travels to every part of the house.
No huge complaints. But the insole is lacking compared to others. And I could tell the tongue wasn't going to stay supported and would sink and wrinkle up, which like Converse looks disheveled and feels irritating. Had to return them.
Bought a size 7. But, the straps are very loose in relation to my foot and they just won't work. Cute sandals. Unfortunately, had to return them.
Ordered half size larger based on reviews. I shoulda have order exact size. Not a lot of support. It's more of a lounge around shoe. I will keep them, color and appearance is nice
For the most part these are alright. They are very soft and warm, however the toe box feels like cheap cardboard pressing against your toes and they do run small so be sure to order a size up.
I'm sure that the shoe is just fine, but I bought it because of a problem I'm having with my right food. I was probably expecting the impossible, so the fact that I only gave the shoe 3 stars should be taken with a grain of salt. Its well made, though.
They are stiffer and will be hard to break in. Will need lots of wear to do so. Will possibly try an sole insert to see it that makes them feel better.
These are really nice shoes. My husband really likes them on me. Unfortunately, they are a little large. I wear a size 6, and that's what these are supposed to be. They fit like a 6.5. I don't want to go through the hassle of returning them, so I've decided to buy some socks to wear with them. I'm only going to wear them with pants anyway. In the spring, if they still have these shoes, I'll buy another pair in a different color, but I'll get them in a 5.5 size.
I like the look of the shoe but would also liked if the soles had more cushion, as I bought them for gym shoes they fit great look great...just wish it felt great! Still a great buy Thanks!
I work 12 hour shifts at the hospital and these were great for the first week, but I'm on week 2 now and my feet are already starting to ache again. I'll be buying some different orthopedic insoles to replace the soles of these shoes and probably won't purchase this brand again. If I'm going to be replacing the soles anyway, I might as well get cute Nikes or New Balance or whatever brand I like.
These are cute but the run very small. I wear and 7 and had to order a 8, they are comfortable but the heel rubs every now and then.
My husband got these for work, and he's maybe worn them a handful of times. Because they are waterproof, his feet don't breathe at all and he doesn't like that after a 10-12 hour day.
i only received 4 pairs! :(
The shoes are a little tight on my toes. I guess that's because of the lining.
like the glasses but they didn't help with the glare. my other polarized glasses work fine so i am not quite sure what happened to these.
I love this bag! It is the perfect size and fits my needs. Why the 3 stars? Because a zipper pull came off the first time I used the bag and now it is gone. Now, I have to figure out how to get a replacement zipper pull now. I think this is a manufacturing defect.
Had to return because even a half size larger did not fit.
Comfortable but not great for water
This arrived today and is much smaller than expected and very narrow. We are returning.
Comfortable shoe. The shoe is a slip on as the shoe tongue is attached on all sides. It is a nice shoe, just not what I expected.
I actually really like these shoes, but can't wear them for too long because they are too small. I usually wear size 8.5, but these fit too snug. If you purchase them, I recommend getting a half size bigger than your usual size.
Liked the color and style. Did not like the fit
Nice. Shoe but too wide . How do I return them ?
I had custom orthotics that lasted for years. These delaminated within 5 months. I do maybe 10-12 miles of walking/jogging per week. Not sure if these aren't as durable as they should be or if my flat feet are too extreme for this design.
I always wear a size 10 in every Keen,... this 10 boot fits like an 11. Order down a size
I wear an 8.5 so I ordered size 8 bc the reviews said it ran big.... but these were too small for me. I had to return. I think they would have been very nice and comfortable.
Somehow I bought 2 pairs of these , shipment was lost past return time, Still says I didn't get them so I can't return them. Now I am stuck with two pairs that I can't wear! Cute shoes would love them if I could fit in them. Way to small in the toes but up a size
The comments about these being for people with narrow calves are true, so it's great if you don't want them to be too loose around your calves. I would have given it 5 stars, but the shoes had the white stains shown in the photo — I wiped them off with a wet cloth and some mild soap, but it's still there. They are also more rubbery than sleek looking in real life, which was a little disappointing. But they are good rain boots!
These shades are nice looking, light weight and definitely protect your eyes. Perfect for everyday use as they block uv rays. These are better than other brands for sure. BUT i give them 3 stars since the end of the glasses (the rubber part) slides off easily. It seems as it needs to be held on (glued on). Other than that they are great.
I bought a size 10.5 and it was to tight if not for that the shoe was very nice.
I believe the shoe is about a half size small I wear 10 medium and it s little small if I order the boot again I will order a 10 1/2. Size
They are using a different sole . Harder than it was,in the cold they are a bit slippery-er than the last few pairs I had .
I normally wear a size 10 sandal, but these were a bit small so I had to return them for a size up.
Nice boot but too small. Can only get my foot in the boot if I take out the insole. But then the boot is loose once my foot is inside. Should have returned these but instead I wore them out hoping they'd stretch and break in but that's not the case. They'll probably sit in the closet :-(
I like the RFID; using it in my purse
They were not as bendable and soft as real birkenstocks
I like the bag, however it is smaller than my other Baggallini one. I liked doing business with you.
Great glasses, love the polarization, but the wood is very weak, I dropped them 2 days after getting them to garage floor from a few feet and the frame cracked! :-( Also, internal reflections are bad at times, and the frames were too small for my head. I still wear them though!
I ordered what I thought was my baby's shoe size and these are a bit big. It's not a problem though because he will grow into them. I'm not sure if it was a product labeling problem or if it was a user problem. It was my first time buying baby shoes online for him so I may have just overestimated what size would fit him. They seem like when he does fit into them that they will be good quality!
We ordered these to use for some Christmas pictures and the boots looked great and fit well. My daughter wore them to school the next day and one of the side buttons fell off during the day. We plan on trying to find a replacement button, but I was hoping they'd hold up a little longer than about 7 hours of wear.
Bought this to actually hold our war bathing suits. It's fine for a short period but I found my book bag to be wet after walking around with it more then an hour. My other bag never leaked.
Not as comfortable as i thought it would have been, i am even wondering if its fake
It was a beautiful bag for the price. However the chain broke and the edges came undone after only a couple hours of use.
These boots are okay, but I've since ordered other boots that are both better and cheaper. Main problem with these is the material for the upper part of the boot feels plasticy . This leads to sort of a loud squelching while walking around in them. Also, the laces were soft shoe laces and not boot laces. Not the worst boots around, they were very comfortable and had decent arch support. You can do better for cheaper though.
First of all, don't pay full price for these. The quality is worth the sale prices. They are cute but came with a little black smudge in the fabric. I would have been angry if I had paid the absurd full price for that alone. These are okay for a short time, maybe an hour or two. At the end of a day that included some walking, I had blisters develop on the top of my feet where the top rubbed above the toes. Their price point is expensive and think somewhere around $40 is more like it.
Shoe fits as expected and is comfortable. However, the shoe does stretch out, and I've noticed they are no longer a snug fit with just a few days of wear.
Looks nice, professional. However, I wanted it for work, and it doesn't fit my padfolio. It barely fit my macbook. The zipper on the top is just too small.
The boot runs large and is heavier and clunkier than I thought.
As a pool side shoe this flip flop is ok. I have a very narrow foot so this is too loose and the toe piece is somewhat uncomfortable -- I couldn't wear off property.
I used to keep my credit cards together and in the save, because to use as a wallet it is not good the rubber band is to weak.
Liked the initial look. Put these on and immediately was uncomfortable. Seemed really tight, and not much arch support. Will wear them for a few days to see if the issues work out, but very skeptical based on what I'm seeing on the previous reviews. Hoping these work out.
Not bad, but the photos are not real, the fram isn't glossy as expected and not curved as it looks, there is a considered gap from the sides and the lenses is short leaving big gap that if you looks down your sight is not covered, also you can't expose it to seawater or keep it inside your car because it will get damaged
The liner needs a pull tab on the top of the back.
These rested on my cheeks and were super uncomfortable. A bummer because they're really cute.
Cute boots, good fit, but one of the lace loops was broken. Returned.
The seams on the inside of the shoe rubbed my foot, and gave me a blister on my foot...
The cat slippers have a nice cushioned sole and they are very cute. The instep of the shoe is quite large though, maybe best for wide feet.
Doesn't look like the photo
They fit as expected and look nice but they are too hard for my flat feet.
I like the shoes. They are very cute. 1/2 size bigger and they would be perfect, they run a bit small
I have a long history of foot trouble with frequent ankle sprains, a bout of RSD of the foot, and a history of plantar fasciitis. Unfortunately, I also *slightly* under pronate. I owned a pair of Saucony Guide 8s which I absolutely loved for daily walking. I'd read some reviews of these shoes and had high hopes, as I'd read they were good running shoes for walking. At first, they were cushion-y underfoot and felt good to walk in around the house, but did feel a little snug in the toe box. After walking a few miles, my toes started to become numb and I felt like the ball of my foot was being squished from the sides. My right foot is slightly bigger than my left, so it was much more pronounced in the right shoe. I added an insole (partly gel, with some arch support) to the right shoe and it only changed things slightly for me. Now that I've had the shoes for just over 2 months, walking anywhere between 2 and 4 miles at a time (every day), the soles have started to wear out! I'm so disappointed in these shoes and though I've been trying to love them - I just can't. My feet are very unhappy after wearing them for even a short period of time. I'm now looking to replace them with an entirely different brand of shoe....
For me, they are 5 stars, but I gave 3 because I could see for the general population an issue. I bought these planning to remove the insole and place my orthodic insert. These were PERFECT for this because they are basically flat, with or without factory insole! This was great for me, but no arch support or contouring AT ALL would be uncomfortable for most I would think! If you need ANY arch support at all, these are not for you! If you are looking for a shoe that will work well with an orthodic insert these are FANTASTIC!!!! They are an ok weight, well made, good cushion and great for inserts with an easy to remove factory made insert!!! Would I buy these again?? Yes...they are perfect for ME!!
Shoe fit, but was so uncomfortable with only a few minutes of wearing them that I chose not to even wear them. Returned. Also super glittery
Optically these clip-ons do the job well. However, the sizing guide, while correct as to width produced a pair of clip-ons that were a little small as to height. Since the edge of the clip-ons does not extend a little past the bottom of my frames, I have to smear my glasses to flip the clip-ons up. I also find that the attachment/flip-up assembly intruded into my field of vision. All things considered, I would prefer a non flip-up design.
I ordered red and received pink. Have tried to get in touch with seller but no response
These boots are too narrow, even though I ordered them in a wide size. If they fit correctly, they are a good value. They are warm and look nice.
I love Keens! I've posted a picture of my old Keens next to the new ones. The new pair are visibly smaller, especially the left which fits tighter. Have had numerous pairs of this style in the past and 8.5 has fit perfectly without socks. Sending theses back for a 9.
I found it very comfortable for walking, but they are not much anti-slip shoes, specially on wet restaurant ceramic floor, they tend to slip more than other anti-slip shoes.
The pull flap on the zippers broke immediately. I'm talking, I closed the EMPTY bag closed and they broke off like nothing. The shape and design of top makes it hard to close. It'd got many great and large pockets. Wish there was pockets better fit to house the diapers. The straps are lightweight and comfy. The entire backpack is light. Love that I can hook it on the stroller also. Overall, I love it, next time I will definitely get a better quality one. This is OK for $20, but you definitely get what you pay for.
I expected shoes which were sturdier. I love the design but I bought them purposely larger than his feet. They seem to run small.
These slippers were warm but they got smelly quickly, where as several others haven't.
Extremely cute shoes kind of a soft velvety-suede fabric. I normally wear between a 7-8, but the eights or only if the shoe size is a lot smaller I average of 7 1/2. Which I bought, I think going to a size 8 would've been better because there a slight bit too small ( which you can see when I have my foot turned sideways in the photo in the white part that's where my big toe slightly scrunched up) I am hoping if I wear them while sitting down they'll stretch out a little bit.
It has nice pockets and flaps. Good leather and I love the color. However, none of the outside pockets are large enough for my Samsung cell phone. Also the leather strap was not sewn very well and had several threads that had to be clipped. I had to do a little repair work on the strap to keep it together.
Bottles need to be slim and tall to fit the front.
Much larger than expected. Too large for my purse.
They have no support and slip off feet.
Good looking boot but very narrow for the size I ordered. Would look better on a very slender foot.
They're nice, but the sole has split apart at the toe after only 3 months.
ordered wide and were still very narrow
These laces are relatively easy to assemble. However, they are very conspicuous. The color is mostly brown so that they stand out on any other shoe color. Additionally, the end tab and the locking tab are both pretty large and impossible to hide.
Look great, but way too large. I normally wear size 8.5-9 and I ordered a 9 and it fit more like a 10.
While these are really comfy and lightweight, they are OBNOXIOUSLY LOUD. They squeak with every step and since I've already worn them a few times hoping the problem would go away, I can't send them back. Wouldn't recommend for noise factor, in spite of them being comfortable.
Great pair of sunglasses!! Mine broke right down the middle after getting stuck in my bike chain a few days ago.. Still have not heard from manufacturer.. Only reason why I gave it 3 stars..
Very hard to put on. I bought another pair.
Nice Bag but stitching was not completely finished where strap connects to the bag
These boots are really cute and they fit. But OH MY GOD!!! THEY MAKE SO MUCH NOISE THEY ARE SO LOUD WHEN YOU WALK. Im hoping that will fade with wear but I doubt it
Good quality, but too small. The top is too tight, hard to push foot through
I love the bag but one of the straps broke the first day.
UPDATE- I messaged the seller and was issued a refund Adorable and functional, but it ripped after just packing and boarding my plane. The rest of the straps seem fine, but super disappointing. At least it wasn't crazy expensive
Very cute but they are uncomfortable, the left boot digs into my ankle.
If you have wide feet, this will run small.
I ordered these for my Jordan 1s. I didn't want a ton of slack so I ordered these as a replacement. They're the perfect length and the width is great too. But the fabric is pretty thin. If these were on my beater shoes I can't imagine they'd last very long. But I only wear these specific shoes once a week or so. So beware, if this is for daily use, and you tend to abuse your kicks, these might not last very long for you.
They are ok and works well for reading but do fall off your face if you bend your head forward.
Used one time and got a small hole.
Much smaller than other brands of the same size
I like them but they make my feet sweat
It's a good size. Phone cc wallet and keys fit nicely. Great color. Leather looks cheap and the zipper comes off the track. But you get what you pay for. It's good value for the price
I was eager to try these after being really impressed with Vionic slippers, but they have less support than anticipated- probably equal to my normal sneakers with generic inserts.
Not what I expected didn't fit true to size , my feet hurt with the hour of wearing them.
It is very helpful for organizing an oversized purse, however it would be better if there was a way to attach the organizer to the purse in some way.
The shoes are fine. The only issue I have is with the velcro straps, which are wayy too short (as pictured). I never experienced this with other shoes with straps before so I don't think it's my Asian feet.
Helps somewhat but since they aren't full insoles, they move around and can be uncomfortable while running or physical activities.
The frames are cheaply made, but surprisingly they have not broken.
Beautiful shoe loved it but they was to wide
They Look nice but definitely a low quality product. I'd expect to see this product at a dollar general. I'm afraid to wear them all day at work because they feel so cheap. I'm really shocked by the high rating this product has received , it just proves you can't believe most of the reviews here. Stick with the well known high quality products, yes they cost more but you get what you pay for.
Fits tight across foot
Doesn't help me much
Loved these boots! So comfy and suuuuuper stinkin' cute too. What I wasn't too happy about was the torn up box I had in front of my door. The boots also had many scratches on them. It was very disappointing...
Well made shoe, and very comfortable. I didn't like how my toes (especially big toe) showed so prominently through the thin material in the front though.
I like these boots but unfortunately need to return them and I just got them , disappointed it's obvious they have been worn before , most likely return by another customer and I end up getting them , even the box you can tell has travel more than once all the dings and songs are not just from being delivered to me . I am going to order again but will ask seller to please send unopened brand new ones otherwise will have to go back .
The shoe is great, just a little tight through the sole of the foot
Tighter fit than expected, had to return.
I didn't find these very comfortable, sent them back
As expected, this Vionic style fits perfectly, is comfortable and the sequins on toe strap give a dressy look. Love the navy. An update after wearing for a while: I believe the footbed has changed from sandals made a year ago, not for better. Feet hurt after long wearing. Have asked Vionic to look into what may have changed. I for one will not purchase Vionic again.
Came quickly, very cute but also quite small. They fit, I can wear them but would be much more attractive if they were larger.
This sketchers style ran short on my foot. I was not pleased with fit of this style. Most other Sketchers have worked for me, just not this one.
only work short time.
Originally I had written a not so good review about the purse I had purchased. I was surprised to get an email from the company telling me that they would be sending me the exact same purse at no cost to me. I submitted my order this morning and can't wait to get the purse again. It is a really cute purse and if all goes well I will continue to purchase my handbags thru them. Happy customer.
I had to return these shoes. I was so sad, my grandson said they hurt his feet, they were too hard
I will sticks to toms
I have this same shoe in black and love them but these have a flaw on the toe of one. Will keep them but was a little disappointing. Can't beat the price.
If the piece i received didn't had a small issue (the flap was not perfectly sticking to base), I would have probably give a 4 star. Clutch size is just perfect but the material does fee little on the down side. I'm still going to keep it because of it's price, I think I can use it till it lasts. DIMENSION: 9.1 (L) * 4.7 (W)* 1.6 (H) Inch, You can use this as clutch or as a cross body bag. One more point - the bag material is on shiny side, which is okay for occasions like marriage, party etc. I would not like this for a casual night out (personal opinion)
If you concrete floors be very careful
fine for walking in pool, but can't swim feet go up and head goes under water is there a way to compensate or correct this???
I don't like the excess strap the Velcro is stitched to for adjustment Keeps catching on things when I was out trekking in t he mountains Comfortable but not great
heels are too high for extensive walking
Colors received a bit different.
I want to like these a lot, but they are really slim and the heel plastic is hard if your foot slides over on it it hurts. Don't order if u have wide feet. I'm not even sure a larger size would make a difference.
Seem to run small. I wear a 9.5 in most footwear I ordered a 10 in these and they are a bit small/tight. Spend a bit more and opt for something else. Not great.
They run small. 9.5-10 is more like an 8.5.
My son wears a size 3.5 shoe. Bought these thinking they would be great. They state one size fits all and should work for up to 12 year olds. They were too small. The only way we could get his foot in the shoe with the hickies installed were if we left them unhooked. He does not have wide feet or anything. I guess I should have purchased the adult sized ones.
Great price but too narrow.
I love this style and this is the second pair I have purchased this summer. The first pair tore quickly and this pair has crumbling rubber soles and developed a strange smell. My other flip flops don't smell so it is not related to foot odor.
Love the look, the neutral color is very flattering. They would be soooo comfortable except for the strap that goes around the heel, it is way too big & cannot be adjusted. It's basically useless the only thing holding your foot in is the ankle strap. This makes it less comfortable because I can't just walk naturally. I never had an issue like this with any other shoe so I don't think it's my foot shape.
The shoes look nice, stretchy and light weight. Not sure how they will hold up but since I'm only going to use them for water sports should be OK. I ordered a size 12 (I always take a US 11.5 shoe) and the packaging they sent read: XXXL Euro 45 which translates to a US 10.5. They come from China so perhaps the sizes get lost in translation. I should have ordered a Men's US 13.
It fit my baby a bit large because they are wide
They look more blue than purple. I thought I was buying a women's 8 but they are a 10. They are comfortable but I will try to find someone to give them to.
did not hold up well
Have to try it a few times to really determine how great this product is!
I returned them , did not like the fit or the look in real life.
Pros: comfortable, lightweight Cons: poor material, could possible break easily, holes in the soles - risk for punctured feet. Got this for about a week now. Don't know if it's going to last that long. Durability is a big question mark. We'll see. Poor decision purchasing these on my part.
Good quality but too narrow. Size says E which I thought was wider than regular but no, too narrow.
Was hoping for a thicker "yoga mat" feeling.
These are comfortable. There is no breathability in the show so you get sweaty feet quickly. The sole and heal are a little chunky.
I bought one in blue and one in black. Blue is very beautiful but the black has kind to plastic look, I mean the black material of the purse not the flowers.
Too small for my size 13 dress shoe. Not their fault, the dimensions were posted.
Cute style purse, but 3 of the vegan leather strings on the tassel arrived torn. I was disappointed as it adds a bit of pizazz to the purse. I was going to return it, but I past the window.
So the original company UGG made their boots with authentic sheep shearling inside. They've lasted so long that I just now have had to replace my slippers. What a disappointment! There is no softness, no cushion. This fake, thin shearling doesn't even offer soft comfort. When walking in the slippers they feel “hard”, not soft. Will not be spending this kind of money again on UGG's. There are many other company's that use authentic, natural materials for half the price.
This was a well-made shoe but I will not buy a loafer online again because it is too hard to fit a shoe to feet without trying them on first. You take a risk of having to return them as I had to. They did not fit well. My feet were to wide for them.
Although they seem well constructed they provide zero arch support. As a result my feet ache after much time wearing them. I would not buy again.
I think the sandals are cute, and they seem to help my heel pain, but they hurt my instep. With the strap on the inside like it is, your instep sits on it and creates a bruise like feeling after wearing it for any length of time.
The price was right and so was the fit, unfortunately I order 10 pair but only got 9.5 of them. That was pretty frustrating.
The color wasn't for me, but nice quality.
All in all I love this bag! It looks bigger in the pictures and the strap is breaking: not happy
Nice shoe, quick delivery, and appears to be of good quality but even though other reviewers said theirs were true to size I ordered my regular size but the shoe I received was a little too small.
love these glasses light weight great fit but dropped on floor and they broke in half
Have many Puma sneakers so I know sizing, but this sneaker is bulky in the front and just too big so I have to return. Really disappointed because I love the look.
I ended up getting rid of mine cause they hurt my feet
Great idea, couldn't resist a try. They are just too small for my feet. I knew it was risky when I ordered them so my bad. But, never worry, they will be put in storage for a visitor with a smaller pair of feet.
These are great if you go rafting or a pool. They are very thin and hurt if you go to the lake where there is a lot of pebbles. The material is not all great but does the trick.
Order came in damaged. Both boots, the front ends were damaged. Unfortunately there was no time to exchange because i was using them for an event the next day, so i had to paint over the damaged areas.
Loved these boots but the metal clasp was positioned wrong on one side so I can't actually wear them with the boots clipped down like shown in the picture. I bought these for a trip to Ireland and while disappointed about not being able to wear them both ways as shown in the picture this wasn't a deal breaker for me. However after 6 days of continuous wear, the sock part of the boot ripped open. This was a bummer. Boots don't provide much foot support so if you're looking for lots of comfort, look elsewhere.
The size was too small. We should have gone up one size. They run small.
Great Item, Shipped on time, Somewhat small
Nice boots, but no arch support. They're great, if you aren't going to be walking much. Didn't work for me. Returned.
I ordered this product a half size larger than I usually wear and it's kind of snug. They're great for serving since I use them at my serving job and I haven't slipped once but I ordered them on Sunday and today is Tuesday I've worn them 3 times and they already broke. Don't know if this is common or not but so far that's the only down side besides the sizing
Wasnt the basketball style that I wanted but they still feel and look ok sort of satisfied
I have had my other pair of Sanuks for several years and it was time to buy some new ones. I was really excited about the price of these. They are comfortable and fit well, except for one strange thing--they are somewhat crooked. It's hard to explain, but while my feet go straight, the sandals lean to the left a bit too much. As a result I have to consciously angle my foot while I walk, to make sure it actually lines up with the shoe. It doesn't bother me a ton, but it is something to be aware of.
I love the size, color, and canvas. Be careful when you open the snaps. Use your nails or a butter knife to separate. I yanked it open and the snap was going to pull out of the side, I squeezed it back together and hope it lasts awhile.
They run narrow. In the cold of southwest MN, they keep my feet dry and from aching cold, but they aren't as warm as the boots they replaced. They have a great tread so I am not worried about slipping, but if I need to be out n the cold for any length of time my feet start to get cold. Today it was 10 F and after 30 minutes of doing barn chores my feet were cold. These will get me through the winter and I will likely replace them next fall before all the snow boots are sold out in my size,
Disappointed. I really like the show but it didn't come in 1/2 sizes so I went up to a 9 and way too big. No doubt the 8 would be too small. Love the style though and a great price... As long as you don't wear any 1/2 sizes.
They look good and felt good, but the sizes are off. I usually wear a 9.5 and ordered the extra large which is size 9 to 10. These were too small. Since the XL is the largest size, I will be sending these back for a refund rather than an exchange.
Not sure if they sent wrong. Ag. It is not the Dome one which I love.
Love them , straps are needing more velcro one side is a little off but worth money
My favorite shoes, but they fell apart within a month
OverAll this sandals are pretty good however they are a little bit slippery and not as supportive as I had hoped. I had also hoped that the straps would be a little thicker. Kind of expensive for that quality
I thought the bag would be in a darker shade. It's ok.
Too much for a work shoe
Too big for my face. Look good & packages good!! Quick delivery!
Vionics Wave I purchased did have a nice orthotic sole, but the sandals were too loose and a bit heavy for my liking. I think they need to look at their straps as overall they are loose and not well padded which is something they could fix easily IMO. I wear Reefs and they are just much more comfortable.
These are well made and sturdy but if you are looking for a pair of bright blue glasses then don't buy these. They are both so dark that they look black, especially the blue ones. I was very disappointed in the color, it does not match what is in the picture at all.
They look cheaply made and I am yet to wear them out because of that. However, its nice looking when I wear them. I just hope the white doesnt wash off as I have read in previous reviews
These boots are cute.... but run on the big
The color of the shoe is exceptional, however either the right shoe toe area is not curved correctly, OR it may be MY foot shape ;) Lovely detail too.
maybe its just me but they don't fit me well.
I loved the boots but was confused about whether there was a size wide! My packaging said wide but the boot itself was not! I hope they do come in a wide and someone explains how to order it! Only issue I've ever had with Amazon! Thanks keep up the great work!
Slippers were nice and soft, but we're too small.
These are ok the elastic In the shoe digs into Your foot. I think with wear they may loosen up.
The fit is tight in the toes with little support; not to be warn when you're on your feet all day. But they are very cute and I recieved a lot of compliments.
I wish Vionic made these in half sizes. The size 9 fit my arch correctly, but was too short. The size 10 length was good, but it didn't fit my arch. Bummer. I have about 12 pairs of Vionics (open toe and closed toe) and this is the only type of shoe that doesn't fit perfectly.
Ok quality. Good everyday shoe
These shoes would be alright but they seem to lack cushion in the toe area. I've noticed a lot of forward foot pain since I started wearing them. Now I switch back and forth from these to another pair in order to avoid major foot pain.
Comfy but they are small for their size
These slippers are super cute but bulky and uncomfortable and have a soft bottom. They also get dirty very quickly. It was a cute gift
These shoes are super stylish, and I like the feel of running in them because they were pretty lightweight, but I had to return them because the backs were too tough and dug into my heel, which led to some minor blisters.
hard sole about 1/4" on either side too narrow
These sit very close on top of my eyelashes and makes it hard to see. My makeup smears the lenses and also makes it hard to see. Returned them.
Just not for me, after 3 days I Had to take them out, pain in foot was growing.
I don't like the new design of the garden shoe as the top comes up higher, making it impossible to slide your feet in easily without having to bend over and pull on the tab. Also, it now comes up so high that it rubs on my ankle bone. I have bought dozens of pairs of the original Garden Shoe and they always fit perfectly. I may need to look for another option!
The glasses are exactly what I was expecting. However, they were shipped without a case in a lightly padded envelope. They arrived severely bent.
It's "ok", but smaller than I really wanted and I don't care for the straps - they're pretty thin. But it looks nice as a handbag/purse. NOT a good tote or briefcase.
Loved these boots, but they're too small in the calf for me. Had to return them.
I reordered this accidently! The first pair fit a little tight.
Ordered red. You can see a better description would be corral. I have a pair of Sanuks a similar color so this was disappointing as I expected red. Since these are obviously copycat Sanuks I will compare them to Sanuks. They look like Sanuks, even the little label on the strap. They are equally cushioned in the sole which is why I wear them when I stand in the kitchen for long periods. The straps are slightly wider. The fit is more snug and the shoe overall a bit smaller. I wear a 6 1/2. A 6 fits perfectly in Sanuks but probably a bit small in these. Overall a good value if you get a color you want.
Not for an active kid. My son had these for less than 2 months and already made holes. Literally can't wear them in the rain. To be fair, he drags his feet in the cement while riding his toddler car. The bad part was that it didn't take too long for the holes to show up. Not even a couple days of his rough play and he had made holes in them. They are very well made and super cute. Just not for a kid who's always playing and dragging around. He's just 3 y/o and very active.
Bad quality. I put it into my luggage for a travel and the surface was marked damaging without repair. The thing is as the material is too bright it show a lot.
Good quality but feels bumpy in places on the bottom of my foot
Bought these for my husband in August knowing they were a good name brand. Now it's November and they have completely ripped on one of the top seams. Very bummed.
Not very comfortable. I can't run in them - not enough support. Ok for for walking but not great for exercising.
Just didn't fit right so we returned it.
Works ok. Nothing great.
I got these for my son who is 10 months old. He can't walk yet so these are mainly for the trip out to the car in the morning and running errands. He's only worn them a handful of times but the lining has already ripped free from the edge. They still work for what I need them to do, but I expected them to last a little longer.
Good for the money, but not impressed by the quality.
these are cute, but my feet hurt after wearing them wear thick socks with these if the weather is chilly, my feet were freezing!
These shoes are pretty comfortable, they fit good. Would've gotten 5 stars but 1 of them tore right behind the toe plate after 3 1/2 months.
It works well with elbow grease.
I wanted to replace an older pair of Crocs with these, but they are not the correct size compared to the size of my last ones. I guess they are a different style and the size doesn't translate as well. Not a fan, would rather find one like my old ones and the size that fits better (despite being the same number). At least return was easy.
Very comfortable!! But I wish I ordered 1/2 size smaller. Also for some reason the toe area keeps getting an indentation, like a dimple, that I can pop out if I take the shoe off, but there seems to be a fold in the material inside. It's annoying but to much of a hassle to have returned them.
They fit but man they're not really comfy, I'm gonna try putting inserts in the shoe itself but otherwise, it both squeezes your arch and gives it no support all while pushing on it at the same time.
All the metal grommets fell off after 4 or 5 wears.
Bag was somewhat heavy.
They are shoes and they fit
The purse is cute. Did not like material.
One size does NOT fit all. If you have a wide or tall foot, the only manufacturer of this style of boot that will fit is Bogs.
Cute and fashionable, but NOT made for winter as they're not waterproof. The top cuff/sock is too short. The sides fold over and snap in place - which I'm not a fan of. There's a BUNCH of space for your toes, so you could wear thicker socks if needed. I ended up returning them because I need practical boots that I can wear when it snows.
As always, a great fit. The only bad thing is that these things need some sort of decent interior foot support. The last boots I bought from them were fantastic and felt like I was walking on a cloud. These ones feel like I am walking on hard concrete.
I use it for running. Doesn't fit as well as I would like. Feels and looks like really cheap plastic. Does keep the sun's glare out of my eyes tho. Hopefully it really is uv protective.
Very small and narrow shoe. Will need to return.
Looks great, just a little too small for my head
These shoes are comfortable and seem to have a great sole. The problem I had was the fabric that goes around your foot is loose and extremely stretchy. It causes me to turn my ankle. They're just not supportive enough for me to be running errands and carrying around my son. I'm returning them.
Really comfortable. Enough room to swap in my more padded insoles. Only the toe and heel caps are leather. The rest is synthetic.
I'm returning these shoes. They are cute, but had little stains on them and the bottom of the heel looked cheap like it might fall off. The buckle is strange and is not very supportive - like it might come undone and I could not make it tighter. Cute shoes but not great. I'm going to look for better shoes.
Loved the color but since I am a half size should have gone up to the 9. Can't exchange or return :-(
The left shoe bigger than the right even so both are size 11.
Beautiful color. Other than that the shoe was running small. Tight in the toe slip.
Slightly expensive but served me well as souvenir for my family and friends
These insoles fit true to size, but were not as plush as expected. Not bad for the price though. I tried the boots on with the insoles, but have not tested them in cold conditions yet, so I can't say if they keep my feet warmer.
3 stars because they worked for my 14 month old son to wear as a ring bearer but they are definitely not high quality. They look better on than off !
Cute bag and overall sturdy! The issue I have it's smaller that I thought it would be.
I bought these at Nordstrom in Nude, they were out of my size in black - found them here and I am not sure if they are leather. They look different from the pair I got in Nude, and the sole of the shoe, feels more like plastic than rubber - also noisy when I walk in them compared to the pair I got at Nordstrom - not sure if I am keeping them ...
I wear a 7 and purchased a 7 - but my toes hit the end of the shoe. Also, it felt like the heel was lower than the toe area and was weird to walk in them. Sent it back. Too bad because I love the way they look.
These are not as easy as it says. The grippers pieces do not hold the no tie strings hardly at all.
The strap came unstitched after 3 days of use. I'm hoping I just got a defective one bc I really liked it. It seems like great quality and they other side is still stitched well. I ordered a replacement so we'll see.
The heel of the boot is air & foam. Due to this, the heel pops a hole very easily. I had to return my first pair due to a hole in the heel. My second pair now just popped a hole as well. Very frustrating because they really are comfortable boots.
Bought for my daughter-in-law. Too big. She lives 250 miles away, but it was easy for her to return. Thank You. Carol Payne
Husband didn't like how small the frames are. But wife does. They are comfortable with spring load.
I have had to tighten the laces so tight that the eyelets touch each other. This is not typical of this brand, I have previously owned 4 pairs of these boots.
I tried these in the dark and rain which is where I have the most difficulty being able to see and they worked on reducing the glare but they were so tight they gave me a headache within 10 minutes. Also the wire is very uncomfortable.
I love the feel but they got streched too loose too fast. Would love a smaller pair
Had to return clogs. I ordered a half size larger than I normally would purchase, but the clogs were too short and tight in the toe area.
A little bit smaller than what I expect
Haven't used this yet. Not sure I want to keep it. Its cheap looking
The quality is not very good. They are not to comfortable. I have narrow feet tho so it is hard for me to get a good fit.
The shoe was not true to size, too long. The strap fits right on top of the vamp of my foot where I have a bone spur and it's extremely uncomfortable. I will be returning these shoes very soon.
The shoe was just uncomfortable.
Reordered these glasses because the first pair arrived broken. Unfortunately the second set arrived in the same broken condition. They are light weight and would have been good for everyday glasses but I can't use them.
Ok so the ad claims it has a "high profile" these have almost very little arch support, BUT they have a LOT of heel support. I wore them for a few hours playing sports, the balls of the my feet hurt, they have very little padding there.. I was expecting more for $50 but they will work.
The slipper sock is not as comfortable to walk on. its good to keep feet warm.
Shoes met my expectations so far. The fit was as expected, looking forward to testing them on my first run in them. Would buy again. Giving 3 stars on fit and appearance.
If you get them wet they dont dry. Its been 3 days now and there is still water trapped in the foam. Making them gross and slippery while i walk.
Nice sunglasses, but the lenses are too light. I still have to use my dark shield while riding.
I don't know about these.... I'm a 9.. I got a 10 to be safe because a lot of reviews said they run small and they still seem somewhat small .. not so small that I would return them but that they need to be maybe broken in a bit. When the box arrived it was kinda bent and the colorful lines on the side are coming apart .... and I haven't even wore them yet!! I love the look of the shoe with all the colors but They are cheaply made. Kinda disappointed since I've been eyeing them for a while. Hoping to at least get a few wears out of them over the summer.
Run, VERY small. I am normally a 10. Ordered an 11. Can't even get them on my feet. They don't come any bigger.
I liked the style, but they just didnt fit right.
not as nice as I expected, thought it was real leather. the handle straps are a bit short. but it is ok for the price.
It was fine initially. After 1 month it got loose and is not fitting. Not very happy. Wasted money.
These are not very comfortable toward the top. They are very bulky and rub.
great shoes, but they run very big
Very cute shoe but is for a very narrow foot.
The band is too loose
I got these and they were humongous! A size too big and super wide. I had to return them even though I did like the design. I would just say to order a size down.
Fits my 8 year old well and she loves them. They have an obvious strange green tint though
Cute .. kinda small .. comfy until you have to walk long periods. Yes soft cushion but rock hard soles.
The only bad thing to report was the heel of the soles coming apart from the bottom of the shoes after only a few months. Had to glue back on.
Cute but doesn't provide good support. It can work for character play at home but I am always worried on road for my 3 years old to get stumbled on
Overall quality not what I had expected.
Its not cleaned well when you receive it and is full of the material burrs when it was formed. You think it would be more fine than it is. Very unclean. But in all this it works fine and was very affordable.
Not cushy or comfy at all, and the top is too roomy/loose.
These slippers feel tight for a size 8, run narrow. And the soles seem hard, noisy on my vinyl floor. They look nice and have good memory foam.
Nice shoe. I normally wear a size 7, but this was tight. So I sent it back and opted not to buy a different size.
These are really cute boots.. BUT... they are very, very narrow. I even ordered a larger size.. still not a good fit, especially if your foot is at all wide. Cheap enough that I just kept the black ones, but they hurt my feet they are so tight. Not recommended unless you have a very narrow foot.
This shoe was wide.... but I have a narrow foot so it may be OK for others.
They'll get bigger as you wear them, so this may be important when it comes to fit in the long hall or if you're planning on returning.
I ordered these & loved the look of them & how they fit & also that the heel was lower but was disappointed they did not have clear rhinestones so I had to return them.
Love these sunglasses! Love the lenses and the comfort of them... The only reason these are getting 3 stars is because of how badly the front of the frames faded. They started as this beautiful teal color, and now they are a pale yellow/brown color. I miss how pretty they used to be.
Just glasses in a cheap paper box. No cleaning cloth or hard case. View is great.
I love sanuks and have worn them for years. 9.5 has always been the perfect size for me but now, strangly they are too small. I will order a 1/2 size up now.
Let me start with I love the look of the shoe, it looks amazing and the same as ones I was going to spend about 3-4x the price on. I followed all the instructions here that it runs big and ordered a size down. This is where my disappointment is because it might need to be a size and half. I'm usually a 10.5 in dress shoes and ordered a 9.5. Instead of feeling like a dress shoe or even a sneaker my foot moves around a bit like I'm wearing a pair of boat shoes or slippers. On the other hand a 9 I feel like my toes might be at the end of the toe box.... just unsure but I do love they way they look. So badly want to give this a perfect 5 stars but this fit thing is just a bit weird.
Fits about a size smaller than your true size
This is a nice purse but the manufacturer of this handbag should make sure they have pictures that doesnt cut off the head of the person. You would think that the faces would be in tact but quite a few were cut off.
These glasses are cute and very reasonably priced however they came dirty, damaged and used.
The backpack itself is satisfactory. I'm not sure what kind of ersatz leather it is skinned with, but it is not sufficiently tough to keep the magnetic catches securely anchored. I had to re-seat one on day two and, after completing a three week trip abroad, I now have to come up with some kind of strong backing (perhaps some real leather) to insert within the lining to re-attach those catches because they both ripped out. No, the backpack was not unusually roughly handled.
Everything in box except for Boot brackets..... I believe that an important part.
My son has worn them for two months off and on and the seems on the toes of the boots are already coming apart to where there are holes and his feet get wet
No footed to speak of. Returned.
A little too small but otherwise comfy
I don't know if it's the holes or the raised bumps in the slipper but they hurt to stand on for any amount of time. Like little nails all over my feet. 3 stars...
They get bigger and bigger can't keep them on my feet, love the soft feel but not worth falling because they want stay on
Product description was not accurate . Appeared to be an awesome product but I couldn't get the replacement size . This was a Christmas gift so it was disappointing to not give what I wanted
Runs small I should have ordered a size up. Amazon returns are so easy, not true with a third party. You also have to pay postage for this return. I love Amazon, but going forward, if it is not from them I will not order that particular item. Wish I would have just gone to Nordstrom for this purchase.
this is my second pair my first pair fit great these fit tight and a bit crooked, but I did not realize that till I tried to wear them 6 monts later after I wore out my first pair...
Was a bit big but could be worn.
Nice comfortable shoe. Does have wiggle room but, unfortunately, so does the heel. The straps err on the side of too much give which makes the shoe bed too loose. Sad to say but they must be returned. Bye bye cool shoe...
I was worried when I received the order because in 2 separate places, including the bottoms of the shoes, I saw the words Extra Wide. This worried me because I ordered the shoes in width 'C' which is a little more narrow than average with 'D'. As it turns out, the shoes are the correct width. Do be aware, these are not walking shoes. They are comfortable for standing, but they are not comfortable for long walks. I took walk to break them in and realized that they are not suitable for that.
I ordered a large-- not very big tho Held together via velcro, so keeps falling off
Quality is not that good. Old navy one is much better compared to this.
Dropped one in the car and left it for a week and it shrunk tremendously 😭. Loved them while they lasted.
like the feel, have to wear socks (suction noise if barefoot), size runs large compared to last pair i had, so not happy with them but not worth going through the return process....
I've worn these around the house, I've been really torn on if I was going to return them. The fit is odd. I wear a 9 the 9 fits, I'm fairly confident any smaller would be too small but they feel like they would fit better if I had a chubbier foot as it almost feels like I could easily walk out of them. The problem is they are so stinking adorable that I desperately want them to work out.
My husband wears a 10.5 shoe. I bought 11 -12 and it is too short. Otherwise item is looks good, quality good.
I've worn Saucony's before. Size is always too small and I found that the quality is not as good as it used to be.
It's ok not what I expected texture is weird stinks and it's much much smaller than expected zippers came broken on the side.
Too tight but maybe they will stretch a little.
Very easy to put on, fit is good, but the bottom has no grip. Be careful when walking on tile or wood floors.
Bought these for my husband so I'm getting input from him. He doesn't like them nearly as good as the strap on pads.. you can transfer pads to each shoe you wear.
Basic but functional
Super comfortable. A little too large and clunky looking. Not good for a slim profile
It's very pretty and exactly what I needed but I don't think it's authentic. Coach has a YKK stamp on the zipper and I can't find it. I'm not composing though because I bought it for a very good price
Not as much support as I had hoped.
These are nice moccasins, but they are much smaller that I would have expected. I would suggest ordering at least one size up from your normal size, otherwise they will be tight. If you are a skier, think of a ski boot. That is about how they fit. So, order a bigger size than usual. Other than the size issue, these moccasins are very nice looking and seem to be very well made. Wish I could have given them a better rating.
The newer material they use for the insole is too slippery if you tend to have sweaty feet. They are comfortable as most Yellow Box are, but too slick.
Unfortunately, they were just a bit too big for me. They were just too wide for me. I have a very thin foot Liked the style, however I was worried that the next size would be too wide also
DOES NOT FIT AS WELL AS I WOULD HAVE HOPED
I have been worn the tennis twice, for a basketball game and for a brisk walk. I could not finish my walk because the back of the tennis rubbed against my heel too much. It made my exercise very uncomfortable, this is my first Under Amour tennis and it is not a good start.
They are extremely cute, only problem is that when I received them they already had a big scatch on them. I sti wear them a little but I just wish they came in better condition. Also the nose peices are really loose and feel like they are gonna fall off.
Nice design. Very similar to designer brand. Clip isn't very secure though. My keys fell out of it once. But for the price, can't really complain.
I have a pair of these in a different color. When they came back in stock in the navy, I ordered another pair in the same size. I tried them on when the arrived and they ate to small. I measured them against my other pair and they were at least 2 sizes Smaller. I was disappointed. Returned them.
It's a nice looking tote but too small for my needs
The bag is great! It is very cute and functional. That being said, I have owned it barely a month and already have some issues with the edges peeling. I am disappointed since I spent almost $40 on the mint color. I would not buy it again. I would have found something different had I known the quality was not good.
Product a little larger than expected and leather stretches when worn.
Cheap made but cheap price and comfortable
They look cool. Kind of hard to keep them on. Maybe this is just the style. Great for around the house. Not so great for stairs or extended walking.
I did not like the looseness. They fall off my feet when walking up the steps. Thought about returning them. But, I will keep them for walking around bedroom and upstairs area.
This product was too wide for my foot, I had to send the shoes back.
The "firm" material is not as stiff as I had expected. The heel cup material is all foam. the Green SuperFeet are much firmer and personally better fit for my needs
Had a hole from the side pocket in to the main compartment
Like the feel of the shoe and the ease of slipping it on and off, though the shoe doesn't seem to feel as cool as I expected. Also though I'm OK w/the fit, I could have taken the recommendation to get a half size smaller based on the size and brand of the shoes I have been wearing.
very comfortable but the quality is a little lacking, the black wrapping on the toes is stating to peal off
Seemed to help as soon as I put them on; didn't have a chance to use them long because they are so easy to scratch; scratched causes a blur that you can't see through.
it hits my toes because of the round at the edge of the shoes but its light weight
I loved the color on these, but i had to return them due to a piece breaking. The other thing that bothered me was thatt the soles felt like cheap plastic and not rubber. They also had no traction.
These are about common for today's shoes. Reasonable build quality, average materials, nominal support, average price.
I ordered my shoe size a 10 and one size bigger, 11, and both were too small. The 10 was way too tiny, and the 11 was super snug around my toes.
Didn't hold up well used duct tape until new ones come in
I bought a size 11 expecting these to fit perfect, they were to tight so I'm not sure if the sizing is correct, I tried stretching these over a one month period and they have no give in them, wore them twice and they were very uncomfortable. I may just buy a size 12 as it may just be the fit. I wanted to give these a five because they look so good
These are more than HUGE!!!
I wanted to love these. They are beautiful real leather shoes but they were too off white and appeared dirty next to white clothes. I ordered a 5 for my toddler because her sneakers are 5's and have a lot of room but the back of her foot goes right up to the back of this sandal with no room to grow the rest of the season. The bottom of the sandal doesn't feel too flexible for a little one.
The boot is beautiful. Love everything about it. However, it does run small. I've been a size 7 for over 15 years and I have narrow feet. If you purchase, definitely get a size up. Unfortunately for me I bought this boot a few ago and wore them today for the first time and after walking with them for a few hours my foot is so sore. It's too late for reimbursement. Had this been the correct size I would've been so happy with this purchase.
Awsome boots but they were too small and returning then was a hassle.
Received my glasses and I ordered Tortoise frames with yellow lenses but I received blue lenses. I like the style and fit of the glasses. I just wish I received the correct pair. I would give a higher review if I did.
Too snug around ankle.
My son LOVES the dinosaur pattern, so I've bought these boots a couple of times in different sizes. They last about 4-6 months before getting cracks around the ankle area. So, they aren't great if you're looking for something sturdy, but the patterns are very, very cute.
The right shoe fit but the left was a little small.
Bigger than expected, wish there was 1/2 size.
Nice and holds my stuff but 2 months after purchase there's a rip in the lining.
Ok for the money, would buy again these are for construction work
These boots run very small and I found them to be extremely heavy to wear. Actually resold them privately as I could not wear them for any length of time because of the extra weight on my foot
Too big. I need to return them
They do the job but they are very tiny and not as pictures. They would fit more of the head of a child and not an adult.
I loved this bag when I received it. It looks beautiful and seemed to be high-quality. I received a ton of compliments on it and some of my friends were impressed enough to buy their own after seeing mine. But, in the past two weeks, the straps started to fall apart. First, the buckle strap fell off on one of the handles which makes the handle unstable and now it doesn't match the other side. Then the strap itself, in the center where it hangs on your shoulder, has become worn and has peeled apart. I have been using the bag pretty regularly as a purse for the past three months. So it has been well-used. But I have never had a bag wear like this so quickly.
Seem to break pretty easy, for the price I would expect better.
Purchased just after Thanksgiving, have worn maybe 4 days a week to work (desk job, so not a lot of wear and tear) and the sole came off completely today. They're very comfortable boots and I like the way they look, so I'm super gluing it now to see if that will hold.
Good foam insoles gave better cushion.
I bought these cause I love the pink lenses but they look cheap in person. I'm disappointed but I guess you get what you pay for.
Nice shoes however the left shoe stopped lighting up a week later
I had this bag for one year, then after carrying several books daily to work it started tearing around the handles.
A little wider than I expected.
The Velcro strap could be improved quite a bit!
cute but runs big i returned them
Boots are fine but run pretty small, at least a size to size 1/2. The boots are good However and I'll be reordering again. Return and refund were quick and easy, I would've given five stars if it weren't for the very small sizing!
Not very comfortable. Ran big. My opinion is that the shoe is cut short so even with a heel stay, there isn't enough of a heel back to make it work. Very pretty light pink but very stiff shoe. Looks great but not much for comfort or movement.
A little loose compared to similar shoe i tried at a Skechers store that is more expensive. I thought i got an 8 wide but it didn't say. Its a bit comfy though. Perhaps a shoe insert will do the trick.
Not very much support
It's a bit wide but I still love it
Need to get a size up from what you normally wear
Great for several months, then shoulder strap stitching came out.
It is what it says it is but I find it somewhat difficult to remove any given card from my wallet. On the plus side I accidentally ran it over with a 1 ton pickup and it suffered only minor damages
Good finishing and shape,unfortunately the lenses are quite darker than the originals from oakley
Shoe would get 5 stars for comfort and weight. Very supportive insole. However, shoe is at least 1 size smaller than what size would indicate.
The fit of these shoes feels a bit wide. They slide a bit when I wear them with trouser socks, but feel fine with a thicker wool like sock. Close up they look a bit more old fashioned then the pic suggests. I kept them, but I would not buy them again.
I really wanted to like these, they are well-made, always stay cool, look great, and are very light weight, especially for a steel toed boot. For me they just seem to be very unforgiving, hard on my heels, and even got a few blisters.
My husband loves these glasses.. It looks retro and cute on him. They are comfortable, well made and seem durable so far. Not sure yet if the gold color would fade since I have seen it get lighter. But, still love the design of the glasses. He wore it to an outdoor party recently and really enjoyed wearing them as they worked as sunglasses as well. I am soon going to try these glasses on for a vintage theme.
the top loop on one of my shoes was not sewn. so I couldn't tie them until I sewed it myself.
Very cute but a little small...
They look like brown nothing close to black
Was not expecting to have to use these more than once to stretch my shoes as the shoes that stretched did not stay that way. The first time I used these I left them in my shoes for 72 hours and thought that would be more than enough time to stretch them. I am considering returning but I am not sure if I am expecting too much from the product.
I really like the one pc. molding of this slide but the overall fit is way too loose for my size foot. I ordered a 14 which is a good fit length wise but seems to be a couple sizes over on the width, actually the height. I must say they are easy to slip on and off though, LOL. I might try a size down or maybe two to see if they tighten up and still have enough length so my toes don't hang over. I'll update if I do.
Like the boots! A little surprised that they were a little snug in the fit.
They worked fine. Weren't the most comfortable but worked for what I needed. The insole slid around and took some adjusting, and the material edges weren't the best - poked my feet a little. If you do a lot of water activities I would recommend something else. If you rarely do, and need something inexpensive that works, then these will get the job done.
I guess my expectations were higher. They are not bad at glare cutting but the write up on them seemed to inflate my expectations. For the price, I expected more. They will cut down on some, however night vision does not get any sharper.
I had different model that I bought twice and they fit perfect, the EE are not as wide as the EE as previously.
These have good arch support which vionic is known for but were too tight in the width and short in length for my normal size. The look is cute especially for summer but had to return these because they just wouldn't go on my foot.
I love Teva but I should have ordered a bigger size. They're one size too small.
I really wanted to like these but they were too small. Especially around the ankle as others stated. Sadly I had to return.
Overall both my daughter and I really liked this boots. However the accessory decorations started to fall off too fast. Now the ribbons on the sides are gone but boots is still functional.
Super loose. Couldn't keep on. Cute shoes though. Was disappointed.
returned the slippers as they didn't fit right
Absolutely loved these, they just ended up being too big.
Poor support, back portion dug into my achilles heel tendon
The slippers are exactly as described. They are plush, sturdy and true to size. The only downfall is they have an awful chemical smell. I've tried multiple washes and baking soda and has helped but not completely gone. Hope they hold up through all the washing because they are adorable.
The frames were too big for my face and the screws were very loose when they arrived
Smaller than description. More accurate is the actual manufacturer web site. This is not a tote, really a handbag.
Comfortable, but after only having them for 5 months, the padding and rubber has worn and broken down much faster than any combat boot new, and used that I've ever owned. The style is there, but the quality is lacking.
They are great hiking boots, but the fit was larger than expected so I had to return. I'm a 6.5 but they only had a 7 -- which I sometimes fit into, but this wasn't the case, so I had to return. But if they did have my exact size, I'm sure I would have loved them.
The pros are that these are super lightweight and way more comfortable than other rubber rain boots I've tried. The material is really soft, and they are cushioned on the inside. Despite this, I couldn't get past how wide they are in the ankle area. The gap in the ankle area is HUGE...and it looked awful. They fit more like wide calf boots.
the sole is great for walking out to the mail box.
Bought for my son for school...it works well but the plastic where the shoulder strap connects to the bag makes an annoying squeaking sound every time he takes a step.
Width for XW not as expected. Had the others at size 11 and 4e fit better. Wanted to go 11.5 for more comfort not expecting width to be narrower.
Cute alternative to other Keen styles. Came with strap across top of foot fraying. Not near the quality or comfort of mens Keens. Hoping they hold up during my vacation.
Mehhh, they're okay. I have a pair that are the size these are supposed to be but these are definitely smaller than described
I have bought many pairs of flip flops in this price range, my favorites being from Coach and Crocs. Other brands still look fantastic after 2-3 years of 2 season regular use. I bought these, and believe Yellow Box has the prettiest flip flops I have ever seen. However, they are part of a rotation, and they can't really stand up to regular wear, even if it's not daily. They must be made for special occasions only, which in that case their price point should be $15-$20 max. My pair is stretched out of shape, slightly flattened and the Yellow Box imprint is worn off, as if I have been wearing them for years. I bought these a mere 1-2 months ago. I'm not sure if I'd go for this brand again, unless I needed really pretty flip flops to use only a few times.
Fit the bill. We're trying dance with our tot. Didn't want to spend a fortune on ballet slippers in the event she didn't care for dance classes. The fit was just right. Ours did arrive with a minor blemish when taken from the package (see pic.) And, we did not receive the pair that is pictured in the listing - ours has one strap versus the listing picture with two cute criss cross straps. Overall, I'd recommend these if you're looking for a budget pair of ballet slippers for a little beginner.
These sunglasses are stylish, comfortable but not good for direct sunlight. If they were a little dark, I would give five-star. I still like them for normal wear. I will not wear these for direct sunlight nor driving on sunny days. In the picture, you would think they are very dark but not that dark when you wear them. I recommend seller to sell with improved in darkness on these products so they will never miss five-star reviews.
One of the side zippers doesn't function properly. It keeps getting caught and I have to untie and loosen the whole shoe, then once it is off I can unzip it.
Purse is nice feeling leather, however the outside zipper is broken. This purse should have been inspected more closely before shipping to assure it was in perfect condition before it was packaged for shipment. I expected a better quality inspection after the description on line. Very disappointing!!!!
A little too orange, but great bag. I have in brown, which is better color
They fit perfect but the toe has part of the material gone and it's bright white. Also only recommend for narrow feet and smaller calves
I liked the bag but it wasn't big enough to fit all my stuff.
Heads up - they are SUPER slick on hard surfaces.
This bag was a perfect fit for my 15-inch MacBook Pro and the material seemed very durable, however the zipper broke after daily use for only two months, rendering the bag unusable.
Super cute but they need an x-large size for men. These are too small.
Cute boot but really meant for someone with big calves. Leather creases very easily.
You get what you pay for. I bought these for my 10 month old and the first time putting them on the little tag on the back ripped off. May be harder to put on now but I can still use them.
Is so overpriced. worth like $10 were slightly too big and too Wide fur doesn't cover whole slide noticeable when walking
Cute look. Very cheap feel.
This product was returned. I can not review.
to big on the sides for me
Seems like the quality is not very good. I'm not sure how they will hold up.
They were not heavy enough for what I wanted them for... deep snow cold weather. I ended up returning them.
Everything was great except the size. The boots were too small. When the money is refunded, I will re-order a size larger.
uncomfortable in the front part I recommend 1/2 up
Light weight, washable, fits as expected. Only thing is that the left shoe clicks when walking. Tried replacing the insole I placed in the shoe for support, but not change. Good shoe for every day use.
Liked these but they ran about a half to a full a size too small. I usually wear a 7 1/2 or an 8 medium shoe. I ordered an 8 but My toes came all the way up to the top of the shoe. Too tight.
slightly too small.. a bit narrow. i won't get this again
The shoes fit well but the glitter felt like sand paper and cut into my skin. They looked great and I received many compliments but I had to take them off after an hour. I bought them for my daughter's wedding. I made it through the ceremony but took them off immediately afterwards.
Love the look & fits perfectly. Idk if it's because of the arch or what but after an hour, I can barely walk in them.
Too small and very uncomfortable
Not what I expected at all. The strap is very short so it fits very awkwardly. Now I have to buy another one to be able to use it as I wanted to
It is not bad. They are comfortable and warm, and worth the price. The left boot feels somewhat bigger than the right one. I am considering to send them back. But not because I don't like them
The padding in the sole is too narrow. It doesn't cover the entire shoe
Bought these in the fall and now the heel part is starting to slowly rip away. I love them! But I'm just disappointed they're basically a cheapy cheap boot. You get what you pay for, I suppose.
I purchased this bag in January of 2018 at the start of a new school semester. At first it was great, has two functional pockets on the outside that I used mostly for easy in/out access for things like my phone and keys. There is also a zippered pocket on the back and an interior one where I kept school supplies. The internal pocket fit quite a few notebooks and books as well as my 13" MacBook Air with no issue. My only issue is the durability of the leather loop that holds the clip where the strap is attached. It started to show some wear after only a couple months and finally it ripped and the strap fell off in the middle of the day when I was at school. Overall, I really wanted to love this bag but I would not recommend it for someone that has to carry things around when there is too much weight placed on the bag. Probably best for office use and not for prolonged wear on shoulder.
The shoes are very comfortable and are decent for the price.
Pretty good just not so good for the sun
It's more colorful in the picture. Color looked dull in person. Nice size and feel.
I ordered my normal size, and the sole is the right fit, but the strap across the toes is painfully tight. This is also the one strap that is not adjustable, unfortunately. Perhaps it was because of this misfit, but the foot-bed also felt strangely uncomfortably contoured. They look great and are very light. Sadly, I am returning this pair and ordering something else.
I'm giving these shoes 3 stars because the shoes fell apart the 2nd time I wore them to work. I work indoors on carpet at a desk. I have wanted to find these shoes for a very long time and I was incredibly disappointed the sole detatched from the shoe. I did give 3 stars for a couple reason...Number 1. The customer service was outstanding! I sent them an email, they asked for pictures, I sent the attached and within 72 hours my money was refunded without having to return the shoes. Number 2. Had they not fallen apart I would have worn them all the time! Super cute and comfortable and the first day I wore they I got tons of compliments.
Quality shoe, but the leather laces break easily.....It was only a couple of dollars to get a heavier lace now they are perfect.
I first purchased these moccasins in a size 8 which is closest to my shoe size. They were too short. Next, I ordered a size 9 which is a little too long, but since I like to wear socks with these slippers, they work alright. The main problem is the width. I usually wear a wide width shoe, but these moccasins are too wide, especially in the heel. Even with socks they flop. What I love about these moccasins is the cushion in the sole. They are well made and can easily go outside for the mail, etc. They are perfect to put on at the end of the day, when my feet are sore, but dinner must still be prepared.
These keep my feet warm - but there is no memory foam. I have no idea what they were talking about, honestly. My house has all hardwood floors. I have arthritis. I need cushion. There isn't any in these slippers. They are cute and comfortable, but I am looking at how I can add gel insoles to provide cushion.
Unfortunately, I had to return these due to the slimmer fit. I'm usually a size 8 and the size 8 was good but, the refined model was too tight for me since I have high arches.
Wanted to like this because they are nice looking, but it was very uncomfortable for the top of my toes! I've never had shoes that irritated like that. Since I returned them, I can't comment on long-term comfort or durability.
They definitely run big and they are very stiff. I kept them but am really disappointed in the purchase.
returned for refund, way to large
Shoes felt good but run at least a size small. I usually wear a size 12 and ordered a size 13 and still too tight.
The bag is smaller than I expected.
The boot is really stiff and hard to break-in.
The slippers are real nice and they fit me for the first week but we all know the soft fur flattens way down. I have very thin feet size nine but it was the width not the length. I think it stretched out a bit. So I gave them to my daughter and she seems to like them ok just there a size to big. I wish the fur didn't flatten all the way down like that or make the fur fluffier or thicker:). I'm so bummed:(
Not for 12 hours job as a picker. not recommended, it can be worn for 8 hours but definitely not 10 or 12 hrs shift plus it runs small. a size bigger will be most ideal
I did not think these were very comfortable and would like to return them but for exceeding the return time limit.
You can lace up your show with ease, but it's way tighter than expected; I even sized up on the laces!
This is okay, it just doesn't hold a lot of my purses from Michael Kors for some reason. I have my other purses on there and it works fine.
The right foot strap was bent and folded significantly over to the left (much more than the picture shows - picture taken after two weeks of use) causing my right foot to hang over the inside edge of the sole, sometimes touching the ground. I thought I could bend it back with use and placing heavy books on it each night and it's slowly coming back to center. It was pretty uncomfortable walking like that at first, and I would've returned them the first day if I knew it'd take this long for the strap to get back to normal. Other than that, the price was good and the sandals look alright.
Ordered a L to replace a pair that I bought a year ago and love. They are getting old and less easy to wash and get clean. I live in them. The L that came was way too small. So, I ordered XL...way too big. :( Loved my first pair. Five STARS. Need another pair. Going to try one more time.
The shoe laces are fine. But the size versus length of shoe strings is worthless as my laces were too short for my boots.
The fit is not so Great but they're so cute
I sent them back for return.
The sizing runs small, but if you get a size larger, they will slip on your heel.
Was at least one size TOO BIG!! Price was good. Shoes seemed well made but way too big
Got my bag early,the zipper is way to short on both sides. The red glue or rubber is rubbing off. And the strap can pop any day now. I will not put anything in this bag heavy. You get what you pay for. But I'm good with it. Pretty good,little smell nothing major. Just need to be made better.
slipped in heel, others I have don't.
I didn't like the shipping cost!! Not your typical Amazon service!
I have to return them( 2 pairs). I like them but too tight for size 7.
Pretty shoe but looked cheap
I should have ordered a size up. Perfect fit once the shoe was wet but not very good for just walking around the pool.
Straps are uncomfortable so I will try wearing socks with them when the summer is over. Comfortable heel.
I like this shoe.Very comfortable.
Ehhh. It's really just okay. I had high hopes after reading the other reviews. First thing I noticed, was definitely the smell! Whoa! Just about knocked me over! There's absolutely no way this is made of leather, if it is by small chance, it's the worst grade leather I've ever seen! The smell is obvious that it is polyurethane. It does look like the picture, with the exception of a few loose hanging threads, and a really rough zipper, that I will probably never use anyway. It comfortably fits my 15in MacBook Pro. Although it absolutely has no padding, it would still fit if it was in a sleeve. I am impressed that the bottom of the bag has structure, and the weight of my laptop doesn't make the bottom look saggy. I'll keep it and use it for awhile, but judging by the quality, it won't survive long. Bummer. Guess it will have to do until I fork over the $300 for the one I really wanted.
I just bought like 10 gorgeous clutches and unfortunately had to return this one because even though it had the sparkle, it overall had a cheaper look to it. I forgot to take a picture before returning. But that was my opinion of it.
I actually absolutely love these slippers because they're so comfortable, but unfortunately they are falling apart already after about 8 months. I just wear them lounging around the house so it's pretty surprising to me. They were a good deal so I'm not upset, but I do wish they lasted at least a year.
I really liked these shoes to start, but after a few weeks some of the detailing at the laces became unglued. It's just aesthetics but disappointing all the same.
Very cute . Bought this for my friend that loves cats. But did expect the material to be a little thicker than what it is.
I liked the way they fit. But the fringe won't lay down straight.,it is the way they are package. I had to straight them with my hair straighter in low. Worked a little. I feel they need to repackage these from here out .
Nice shoes, but very hard to get on when wet.
Very hard to put on.
I do a lot of walking at work and I wanted a pair of shoes that were comfortable. These are not as wide as my other crocs and the toe is a little more pointed than I like.
Very cute shoes...seems like a good quality but I had to return them due to the heel being to snug on my foot and causing discomfort.
They look nice, but the lens is warped in places, making it difficult to see through.
These seem comfy and warm. Shipping was fast. However, the arrived with the tab onthe tongue broken on the right boot. Not worth the hassle to send back since it's mostly cosmetic. But wanted to state it in the review.
The toe has an uncomfortable ridge inside, but they look great.
I really wanted to love this, but the pockets were just too narrow & deep. I had trouble fitting my hand into the zippered openings on the back side of the bag. So anything in there would be difficult to retrieve. (For reference, I wear a women's medium glove.) The other pockets were nice and my iPhone 8 Plus in a case could fit in the front pocket. The leather was soft and beautiful. It actually looked nicer in person than in the photos. If they ever have the wider version of the bag available (I 1/2 inches wider, I believe), I might order that one. But, sadly, I sent this one back.
Not as clear as I thought they would be. I think it has something to do with the shape. I am use to a more rounded shape, can't get use to the oblong of these classes.
I liked the show itself, but the ribbon that went between the toes was too big and hurt.
disappointing, too small also I have a narrow foot & it still was cramped. They way the front of the bootie your ankle tells me it would hurt after walking a block, the ankle does not fit tight at all
I was disappointed because the picture showed them as a royal blue color with black and they were more of a darker blue.
I have somewhat wide feet and noticed these shoes were a bit smaller on the width but were manageable, but one big problem is that they're just uncomfortable without some sort of gel insert. Another problem is they really started to come apart after a month of use.
The “V” of the holding hook isn't lined up under the center of the pad, unlike the picture. The pad and the disk on top (plain black for this one) are only stuck on around the rim and pop out pretty easily (don't drop it). Further, there isn't any part of the support wire that goes to the middle of the round to directly support the weight. Plus: wire is very rigid and, at 34g, you can't call it heavy.
Very tight and gives me a blister when I wear them. Sadly I already wore them and can't return
Very cute but came to big
The look is really nice. Not a lot of arch support. these shoes are made for narrower feet.
I believe these are from China. They had a funny smell when they arrived. I kept them and aired them out because I really like them. They run small, but do have some stretch to them.
Bag was nice but not the size I wanted . Didn't even match the size in the discription. Was very upset but had to keep it as there is no return policy from jamaica
About what I expected for the price. The closures on the sides tend to pop off during use.
My husband loves the wallet and refuses to change to a new one at this point. But he struggles with getting everything in and out of it. It's a bit of a pain to use. But
I love the look of these, but they are too loose/too big on the arms(?). I put bread ties around the hinges to make them fit better. If you have an unusually large head these are perfect. Unless this pair is just defective.
Shoe looked nice, but was way too big. That's the problem with buying shoes on line. I returned them yesterday via UPS. Will wait to review based on how quickly I receive my credit!
Fit to tight, scratches my rx glasses
The back of the shoe (above the heel) is soft, and tends to get pushed down when I put them on. A minor flaw.
Great looking blue suede, but not very comfortable with lack of good padding. Rubber nubs on sole make squishy rubber sound when walking on hard surfaces.
I've been buying the Isotoner Satin Ballerina Slippers for years. I wear a 10 1/2 shoe and buy the XXL. The XL used to fit, but are now cut smaller. The XXL fit. I thought I would order the Terry Slippers for a change. They are not sized the same and are way too big and loose! Wish the sizing was consistent!
Very comfy but definitely not waterproof. I didn't get to wear them in snow before the return window closed.
Had a lot of variety which was good but some of them were messed up. I had a minion with half blue face but
Pretty loose but it's cute. Would have been cuter if the pink was a little lighter
Toe of the shoe has a tight fit, but the shoes are otherwise well made and look nice.
I really wanted to love these but they are not very comfortable.
shoelaces were too short. need more length.
cheap shoe shine kit. The box has a cheap latch and hinge on it, other wise its decent
These are good for the price but not super supportive to your ankles. I wore them once and found too much bend to the tops as if it's separate from the rest of the structure of the shoe.
Very comfy, but you slip and slide and you can't walk very well if they get wet
Very lightweight, good boots. Two problems: they smelled like spray paint and they don't have any support inside. Other than that they look great.
Have used these tennis shoes for years. Latest go round the eyelets fall off. They changed something in their manufacturing process. Tried two pairs both did same thing.
I was shocked when I tried these shoes, I wore Chaco about 10 yrs ago & the quality was great, NOW not at all. They start to loose support almost right away. They break down in fabric & support. VERY DISAPPOINTING.
If you are used to good memory foam slippers these are NOT real comfy ! They also cause feet to sweat alot ( stinky )They are warm .
I will just wear heavy socks
Light weight which is nice. Plan on buying inserts unless you prefer a firm insert.
Very comfortable. Too bad they fall apart so quickly. Uppers cracked and peeled even when polished and conditioned. Lasted maybe 4 months. Soles were still perfectly fine.
Need to return and get a half size bigger.
They aren't super comfy but I just wear them while at work and I sit most of the day.
Be warned, I've never had issues ordering shoes online, always a 7 1/2, but I highly recommend going a size or two down in these. They fit okay if I wear a REALLY thick pair of socks :/
Boot fit as expected but the calf area was a little snug. Tolerable and super cute.
Golf. Have other brands that are more comfortable.
wripped when I washed them
A very comfortable house slipper, especially good for warmer temperatures, and easy to clean. My only complaint is the stiching quality. There was seperation on the heel portion after about 3 months of normal wear.
I liked them okay but they just didn't feel right for me.
The shoes are super comfortable. My only complaint is They look like house slipper because of the squared toes, which are not seen in any photo.
I like how the shoe fit but it runs LARGE and not good quality
I thought the bag would be much lighter. The bag, however, is good quality.
Not the most durable or high quality. Def not what I was expecting but I guess they hold up ok. Real cute just not practical
Very nice looking but way to small/narrow. Ordered a size 8 and there was no way my foot was going to fit in that shoe.
You get what you pay for. This is a bare bones shoe. Not much material here.
My bride calls 'em my sissy - actually worse, but I have to get this past the Amazon nazis - shoes. No support, but I'll see if I can put supports in 'em. Probably won't be long before I donate 'em. We'll see.
I have been using Skechers for years as my comfy work shoe but this is the first pair that the stitching blew out in about a week. I fixed it but still...lame!
Ordered my second pair my first one got scratched in and out of case they should line the case so they don't scratch had good luck with them the free replacements is a lie but they r handy for me
Great case, but the pockets are just a little too small for any kind of accessories, realistically. The rings for the shoulder strap snapped off pretty quickly too, so that sucks
First off, positives: Nice size, adjustable strap, outside zipper pocket is very handy, and lastly the color is true to the pictures. Cons: the outer black lining the surrounds every bit of this bag peals off quite quickly, leaving you with bits coming off and random strings sticking out all over. After just a year of daily use, this bag is done. The part holding the strap wore down and broke in such a way that it's not repairable.
I really loved these boots! They are super soft and cushioned on the inside. Unfortunately, once I've worn them outside I have discovered they don't keep my feet warm and the leak. I might need to make them slippers instead.
It's a good deal for the price, but I thought both pair would be mirrored. And one of the pair had a gap on the right side of the glasses, the gap was between the lens and the frame. so I returned them and got another pair from Amazon.
They are alright. There's definitely a gradient in the lens and they are the aviator style. They are just very cheap. They seem like they would bend pretty easy but they look alright.
I love this shoe, I was actually ordering my second pair and had to return them and reorder. I was sent a pair without any gold detail, which is what I wanted. I have been assured I will get the right Pair by Amazon! Here's hoping.
But I still like it but need a better so soul To make it and less
I usually wear an 8 wide but ordered the 8M and they seem to be very loose. Not sure what to do no, send them back and get a 7?
At the risk of sounding like I'm pining for the old days, the modern version of this legendary shoe just isn't as well made as it used to be. It's still a durable court shoe or knock-around, but the materials of construction aren't quite as good, and they don't have the high-quality feel that the old ones did. I've been wearing this model as casual outdoor shoes since the 1970s, so I've had ample time to evaluate them.
I wear an 8.5 US Woman's, which is what I ordered. It works as far as walking on the beach and surrounding environments, which is its intended purpose. Unfortunately, the lining inside is very uncomfortable; it moves and my toes are slightly past it, which makes it even more uncomfortable. I ended up putting sneaker insoles in them, which makes them feel better - not 100% sure how that will work with the water but we will see!
It's was the perfect size but the material was not as strong as I thought it would be. I wanted to carry a few books in it but felt that the vinyl was too thin. Good for going to the beach or poolside with a few things in it.
I only selected this bag because of the style. I really didn't know anything about the brand and I wasn't really happy about the price but it was exactly the size and shape I was looking for. The leather quality seems decent however, for the price the hardware should be much higher quality. It has that kind of junky feel to it that you get the impression will look worn out in a year or two of yous. Disappointing. Other than that, I do like the style of the bag and how it rest on the shoulder comfortably with the wide strap.
I returned them. Ran small and tight.
Description says woman size, but when it arrived its definitely men size. Way too big. Like 3 size up.
I don't know, maybe my head is bigger than average, but the ear pieces give me a headache after a short while. Love the clear frames tho.
I ordered wide width because i have a high instep and these were tight across my foot at the point of entry, which cut in a bit..BTW My feet aren't "fat", and althogh i have a high instep, it's not THAT crazy. There is absolutely no arch support, so instead of using these to walk in like I had hoped to do, they have become expensive house slippers. :(
Size 8 is true, but cross strap is slightly loose allowing my narrow foot to move side to side and not fit snugly. Size 7 would be too short for my foot length so did not choose a smaller size. No half sizes available and no variation in widths. Heel back strap and toe strap are comfortable. Style is attractive and heel height not excessively high.
The bottom of the show has no grip to it. On the screen the shoe looks like it is of great quality and leather, but it's more of a lightweight shoe that is comfortable, it is just not that tough leather. I am planning on purchasing all colors.
I bought this item and it fit great but there was a problem. There is fur/fleece or whatever warm goodness lining the inside of the shoe from top to toe BUT on the left shoe, the fur is not continuous so your toes feel a hard ridge area that is not covered and it is ANNOYING. It was so annoying I returned the first pair and specifically requested from an Amazon service rep to get a new pair without this problem. New pair came 2 days later and SAME problem but just a little less noticeable. I guess something is wrong when they produce the left pair of these shoes. Such a shame and really disappointed. Their well enough to keep because I need them for an upcoming trip but I am not super happy with them. I would've rather tried solving this issue with the seller but I didn't see a way to reach them.
Looked smaller in ad.
I loved these, but they broke a week after I got them. Super sad. They were SO cute!!!
A little snug but that's my only complaint. I didn't get sunburnt so mission accomplished.
These glasses look nice but they are a little bit heavy and they don't fit comfortable over the nose.
Runs small. Size 10s a squeeze.
Inexpensive (cheap) but that was reflected in the price. Wide calf was nice but boot was a bit clunkier looking than picture depicted.
Glasses looked red in pic. They are not. They are gold with a red tint. I mean they're sunglasses, so they serve the purpose, just disappointed they're not actually red.
I liked the look of these boots and they turned out to be pretty soft and warm, but they don't fit my wide feet and they hurt. I decided to try and break them in but to no avail. Don't buy these if you have wide feet.
Comfortable, true to size fit, durable and nice traction. NOT WATERPROOF, at best they are water resistant, but not for long. Very breathable, would be great for summer...
The boots looks good and it's warm, however there isn't the insole inside that I needed to take from another shoe to put it in.
For my feet these shoes do not have much room from bottom to top by the laces- I love the look but they aren't comfortable for me.
Looked great. Made of some kind of hard plastic. Very uncomfortable.
Unfortunately the shoes did not fit. I wear between a 7 and an 8. I ordered an 8 M, and even without socks they were too tight for me to wear comfortably. The shoes arrived the day before my trip to Vermont so I didn't have time to exchange them. Had to wear my old boots with not as much traction (which was recommended for Vermont in January). Probably a great shoe, looks attractive and very well made but was disappointed that the sizing was not accurate for me and I was not able to use them.
I recommend ordering a half size up from your normal size. I did not do that because they didn't have the half size up in stock, and I regret it now. The shoe still fits, but it's snug on my feet. The overall shoe is nice, but noticeably thinner than previous moccasins that I've owned. Nice chestnut brown color. Best for indoor use only. If you're looking for something more indoor/outdoor you may want a shoe with a thicker sole.
Super cute but not suitable for lengthy wear as there is no support. My granddaughter got them to complete her Elsa costume but couldn't walk longer than 30 mins before her feet hurt.
after two weeks it got messed up, no reason, i only carry my ipad, a thin notebook and an paperback book.
It's ok for the price. I wouldn't carry it everyday for the fear of stability & breaking, But for one night it will be fine.
Had these for about a week now, comfortable and polarized looks great, but they chipped/peeled from dusting and cleaning them. Haven't dropped or scratched them so it isn't caused by that. Would be a great pair of glasses if they didn't peel so soon/at all.
Somewhat comfortable
did not like fabric nor fit
I'm not a fan, but worked as intended. I didn't find them comforatable.
The Morning Dove Toms fit well, but the fabric of them is a bit rougher and more casual than I expected so it is hard to find things to wear them with. They have a very beach-like feel. Nonetheless, they are comfortable shoes.
The color is like coral instead of red.
Gorgeous purse Well made just no room in the middle for anything
Can't really get them on yet, but that's ok, they will fit in a day or 2. However, the SMELL they emit is atrocious!!! Extremely strong plastic, rubbery smell. I'm hanging them in a bag on the porch until they air out! I'll give them a couple of days, then see if they still stink up the closet as badly, before I decide if they need to be returned or not...
Was great until one of the lacing posts snapped off at some point during the day
The box part of the shoe hits right on the bone. I still where them but it definitely hurts a bit.
Very comfortable shoe. I misread the the heels and back of shoe is some sort of suede, which doesn't do good in rain. Otherwise I enjoy the shoe
It's really cute, but you won't be able to put much more than your phn, keys and a few small items.
I love Havaianas however after just a couple weeks of having them, the straps across the toes started to lose chunks of rubber. Pretty bummed as I've had another pair for years without any issues.
These slippers are really comfy and cute, especially for the price! But, the stitching on the instep of the pair I received started unraveling about two minutes after I put them on for the first time. It doesn't seem to affect the actual construction of the slipper, I think that contrast stitching is just cosmetic, but, it was annoying to have to trim so the whole line doesn't pull out. Bottom line: cute slipper, crappy construction.
Overall good shoe but hits the top of my foot I hope the widen a bit
After reading some reviews, I was nervous that these would break on me during an event. I'm glad to say they held up and worked out better than expected. They are not comfortable out the box, you need insoles! Also, as the day went on the "leather" began to stretch and feel a little looser; did not like that. Still, they looked great and really tied my cosplay together. Just be careful in them. Be aware when walking and don't try to run in them or you have a bad time.
i thought i was getting a all weather light weight shoe but i found out very quickly during heavy rains that this shoe is not water proof. for it to be a hiking shoe, it doesn't stand up to weather that well.
Received 3 left feet flats. Very disappointed. You guys should really check the packages before you ship them out. This is for my wedding, so glad I didn't wait last minute to order. Other than that love the flats
this is like the 5th pair of crocs I have had. This pair seems to run small.
Could be a bit softer
I love the look of this shoe and the comfort, but is was too wide for me, so I had to return it. I do have a narrow foot, but I can often get away with a Medium width if the shoe ties or has straps. Didn't work in this case.
Looked more clunky than expected.
These seem of good quality to last and firm support but the placement of the arch is a bit off for my feet (too close to the heel) so it hurts when I walk more than a few blocks. I'm a 10.5 US. The arch placement might be better for smaller feet but I expect it would be worse for larger because you trim the front end to fit your shoe but the arch stays the same distance from the back.
The inserts do not come out and I have orthotics that I need to use, therefore these shoes do not work for me. If I did not use orthotics then these shoes would have been a very good value.
These are cute of course but the SMELL!!!!! Everywhere we left them they smelled up the entire area of a burnt plastic or something. Just beware
Too roomy and at least a half size too long
I ordered a 7-7.5 and the insoles seem short.
Feels like it doesn't block much sun. Quality very good though
Comfortable, however they wear it very quickly.
I really like the look and the fit of these glasses, but they get scratched and scuffed so easily. My lens is scratched so I could only wear them for a limited time now until I get a headache. Just try to keep them in a safe place and you'll probably be good.
For what's supposed to be a wide width, it's not. And there is a seam that irritates my foot so badly I'm nearly unable to walk due to pain after my 5 hour training.
Here is my honest take on these shoes. I have been wearing the typical plain black "work shoes" since 2001. I've burned through many pairs of work shoes from different brands and for the most part, not a single pair has held up for more than a year or so. This shoe was no exception. I will say that top of the shoe (the part that other people see) is holding up fine after 15 months now. With other shoes I have owned, the top part gets tore up, creased and ugly after a year. I don't abuse my shoes, but I wear them daily and I walk and crouch often. However, it is the other parts of the shoe that concerns me. The memory foam felt awesome for a few months, but around the year mark (or sooner), that memory foam no longer remembered anything. It became flat and nonexistent. Sad considering I sit more than I stand or walk at work, so it's not like I was standing all the time and smashing it down. Also, the tread on my shoes is completely wore off, so any surface that is remotely slippery is unsafe for me to walk in in these shoes. No matter what brand of shoe I buy, whether they're $60 or $20, none of them are that great after a year.
The glasses work okay but don't stay put when I look down.
I love these bags. Perfect size. Love the embroidery designs. Very well made. The one major flaw is on the larger bag it does not have the hardware to attach the straps. 🤔
The slippers are okay, but the arch support is not in the right spot. I do not know who designed this but I guess they did not actually study the foot. The arch support should go at the bend where your arch is. Not after it. Because of this the arch support is much further up buy my big toe and feels a bit uncomfortable until it is worn down. Luckily that happens rather quickly. Or maybe unluckily. Depends on how you see it.
I followed the sizing recommendations as suggested by the manufacturer and other reviewers. The shoes are very cute but are not very well suited for wide feet even after sizing up. Smaller than normal toe box even for Vionic.
These work fine, but the clamp is giant with the contrasting brand logo on it. Used them for my son's shoes instead, I was looking for something a little more low profile. They work great for him. Some assembly required.
I ordered a size US 10. I fit between a 9.5 and a 10 for most shoes (Nike, Vans, New Balance). I popped on a 10 for these and it felt at least like an 11. Im not quite 10in when I measure my feet with a ruler, but I'm close enough that shoes this size shouldn't flop off my feet. Probably doesn't help that she's don't have any kind of strap or tie for tightening. I'm exchanging these for a US 9.5, but I'm not convinced they'll be much better. However, there is no size 9 and 8.5 seems much too small. Wish me luck. I'll update with photos if the 9.5 fits well enough.
You did not get warm enough for me. It was not a comfortable fit. Returned Got my money back
Heavy. Nice looking
The slide is not very comfortable. Not very good quality.
The glue takes more than 1 day to fit the shoe. You have to use a lot of glue for having somewhat result.
Very uncomfortable to walk in for any length of time.
Fits alright. Kind of stiff. Not near as comfy as Catherine croc brand. I should've just spent the 15$ more and got the crocs. Maybe the shoes just need some more break in time tho.
I originally bought these while shopping for a new pair of sandals or flip flops. This is a new style to me so I didn't realize this was not the kind of shoe you can just slip on. But even as I got used to taking the time to put them on, they started to feel looser as I wore them more. I have a feeling these don't have a very long lifespan since they already feel like they are starting to come apart and don't hold my foot the same way they did when I fist bought them.
I bought maybe 5 pairs of these over the last 30 years and they all fit very well except this last pair. They apparently started making them more narrow (or my foot is getting wider?) which is the problem. I'm trying to break them in and hopefully will be happy with them. I use them in the house but will not change shoes if I have to just run out on a quick errand.
They are to cute but they could be made with better quality.
These are ok. However they are hell when you play your first 18. My feet were killing me. Has since gotten better. still not great.
Although this is a beautiful purse, I really wish that I had paid attention to the dimensions prior to ordering. It says it's a medium-size bag but compared to the Burberry purse I carry this thing is tiny. I actually think it's prettier in the picture than it is in person. I put this on my wish list in 2012 and finally purchased it. I'm a little bit disappointed .
They are ok.. not my favorite
I tried stretching a pair of good leather boots without the spray (with wooden shoe stretchers). Didn't get noticeable stretch (I have a bunion on one foot that always rubs). Purchased spray in hopes of getting better result. Couldn't tell any difference.
The elastic was too loose around the heel so they didn't stay on my feet. I returned them.
Feels like you're walking on the ground.
But the slippers because my original ones wore out. When I got them they fit really well and the memory foam layer in the bottom was really cushy and nice but unfortunately not even two weeks after having them the rubber soul on my left foot literally fell right off. I'm giving it three stars however instead of one because despite the fact that the soul fell off it was relatively easy to fix right up until it fell off again. This might just be an isolated incident but just so you know the slippers wore out quickly.
I have the pink and gold ones and once I seen the all black,I knew I had to have them and now I do.The all black ones seem more sturdy than the pink/gold ones.I love how big they are.
Too big feel a bit awkward
These boots are super cute and fit pretty true to size, but they aren't something I'd spend much time in. Not great support and not warm. However, I bought them just to use for recess duty, in 15 minute increments they are fine. For the money, they are pretty much what I was expecting.
It has lots of space and is good for the price, but it started falling apart quickly.
Looks more gray then white.
I do like this purse very much it is just what I was looking for.
Although tagged and also branded in the soles as a size 10, it is nowhere near that, more likely an 11. Obviously an error. (Unless they wear heavy socks in the Yukon?)
Good as basic slippers but water collects on the sole and doesn't drain. My suggestion after use is to lean them vertically to drain the water if using after in the shower. Otherwise, it's comfortable and serves its purpose.
Everything was perfect and loved it but when you walk on tile floor sounds like a sticky sound and it makes a lot of noise
THE SHOE FITS TIGHT ... A LITTLE STIFF... I LIKE THE LOOK REALLY CUTE ON...
ORDER AT LEAST ONE TO TWO SIZES BIGGER THAN YOU WEAR.
I got the item not so the same as shown on the picture, the lens seems different but it's good tho.
The bottom wore out very QUICKLY. I had make an adjustment to the shoes [no issue for me ] just bitter about the bottom wearing out so quickly
A little bulky but nice
Well insulated but the fit was larger than expected.
Picture is not correct. This does not have an exterior ID holder, does not have an interior zipper and doesn't snap together
Meh, kinda hard for insoles, too hard for work use, so i have them in my hiking boots
too tall makes it hard to walk
The rubber has an odor that turns me offf
Was a little flat with lesser arch support
My husband thought that the reading portion of the spectacles would cover the lower half of the reading glasses.He wanted a larger reading area, as one of his eyes is slightly displaced.
I ordered a size 6 and they were way too big. Much bigger than the rest of my daughter's size 6 shoes.
Nice product used them to ATV in Costa Rica but very slippery in pool could not wear them
These are so comfortable, but the material isn't the best , the felt scratches off easy..
Okay snow boots a little on the cheaper side a little big too... went up a size due to thicker socks was hoping they would fit a little nicer ... I think I may be sending them back :-(
The bifocals are to high for me.
its okay my feet sweat a lot
They are so very uncomfortable, but they are cute.
I got an extra one by wrong do know what should I do
I really liked it at first but the zipper broke after a few months
Run a little large I suggest going a size down
The heels is too low for me. I felt I was better off just wearing a flat shoe. The ribbon is also really large and long. I returned the shoe, but others might like this style more than me.
The pair I received are not new as they were advertised. They have been used with all tags removed and clearly worn. This is my third pair and the sandals themselves are very comfortable.
They hurt when walking long distances but they are beautiful and smell like lemon
I'm SO very disappointed in these newly designed Acorn Spa Wrap Ladies house slippers! I had been purchasing this style Acorn slippers for a long time. I skipped a couple of winters to try their other styles & decided to go back to the Spa Wraps only to find out they've been redesigned. They're bulkier, the velcro on the strap which holds the slippers on your feet is weak & almost nonfunctional, the elastic in the heal that keeps the back on your foot is useless regardless of size, (correct or size up), the sizing is no longer true & the arch support is gone. I'm so utterly disappointed that I am changing to Bobs by Sketchers; the support animal in shelters as well as my feet!
Slipper's toe opening is too large. My foot slipped too far out of slipper's toe opening. Thank you.
Looks legit . Unfortunately, I can't say it's comfortable after wearing for a couple hours..
My grand daughter loves the shoes but she told me the Glitters fall off too soon from the shoes leaving the shoe to not be as pretty as they were
Concept of this item is very good but it hurt our foot because it was so tight. I thought that maybe I just need to wear it but it was still tight. I had to change it back to our shoelace. I even bought the kid version and adult version to help my kids but they are the same length. Concept idea was good.
I wear size 8. I ordered size 8 for this shoe and couldn't even get my foot in it. Perhaps the wrong size was stamped on it? I dunno. Had to return them.
Shoe stays awful stiff for a while. Long break in period.
They didn't fit me - it was maybe half a size too big. However they were a great price and all!
likes the shoe but had to send back as they were to loose on the heel.
This purse arrived on time and in brand new condition. My three star rating is just because the materials are a little to stiff and inflexible for my taste. The opening on the top was a little smaller than I anticipated, so it didn't fit my wallet or sunglasses. In addition, it holds its shape regardless of what's in it, so it felt a little bulky when I wore it even when it was empty. These are all just personal preferences. The purse itself was pretty and exactly as described online. If the size and specifications work for you, this may be a great fit for you.
This model is not up to comfort as in previous years. The material is much harder and uncomfortable. On recommendation at all
The purse holds a lot of items and does a fair job of organizing things. I wish the quality was better and it was made out of a stiffer material. I am keeping this bag in my pile of go to bags if I am traveling and want to carry on the plane. I will use something else for my purse.
Better look than earlier Crocs I have. Not as comfortable.
Okay for indoor, not great for actually walking around in them.
They are fine, a little too small. I am keeping them in spite of the size issue.
Bright nice quality, smaller than expected but I still like it
I like the look, but they just hurt my lower leg too much.
We are returning these as they are way too narrow. We had the same issue last year and had to order a different style, same brand for my daughter because they were also very narrow.
The shoes are very nice... my daughter wears size 2 in any other shoes so I bought size 2 and it was very small she could not use them.
I like the style but the show size was off. Size 8 was too big, size 7 was too small. I had to return both of them. Would be different if I could of adjusted the strap.
Very small. I was disappointed as the next size up didn't have my granddaughter's size.
This is not a substantial walking shoe. Having said that, it is cooler and lighter than other shoes and that I like. Bob
Fit was good but the clarity is definitely not factory. They almost appear to be prescription since the view is a bit blurry based on the angle.
I ordered a size up and the length of the boot was ok but the width was way too wide (and I have a wide foot) So was not satisfied with the fit and sent them back.
From reviews and from the online order, it looks like you buy your shoe size. Mine is size 6. But I bought that and received and insole size 6-12. This is a lot of sizes to cover. And there is no way to cut it short due to the stitching. I feel like I either got something different than the other reviewers or I am missing instructions. I can say the insole is much larger than a 6
SHOES WERE COMFORTABLE, BUT NOT DURABLE TO WEAR IN A TIRE SHOP. THE TOE OF THE SHOES RIPPED WITHIN THE FIRST 3 DAYS OF WEARING THE SHOES. BOUGHT 4 PAIRS FOR OUR EMPLOYEES TO WEAR.
in general the slippers are nice and soft, but the inside lining already was coming apart from the outside material when I received it
They feel good, about the same as the expensive brand.
Love the cushy foamy bottoms. But there is too much room on the end of my toes. They are kind of heavy and rubbed my skin off wearing them to the state fair.
I really like the glasses they have helped with my headaches
The only problem I have ..is the odor...they have a strong rubber smell from the sole...and the carrying case is even worse 😥
Good for price. Just a little big
It seems like they changed a lot from the last time I bought a pair. Not very comfortable being on your feet for 12 hours. The last pair were amazing... not sure what changed
Not quite the arch support I was hoping for. Definitely a higher arch than most sandals/flip flops give but not quite as high as I hoped for. My right ankle and foot have been hurting a lot more after wearing these. It actually seems I am more in pain than I was before. I was hoping for the arch support I need for my plantar fasciitis that I heard Vionic was known for and in a sandal/flip flop for the summer. I have to wear specific arch support sneakers all the time for this but wanted something different for the summer. These are quite hard and uncomfortable. Disappointed with the quality and comfort of these shoes considering the high price/cost.
Returned. To narrow
Wasnt a size 11, at the most a 10
I like the glasses. Very comfortable and light. Doesn't come in a case. A plastic pouch is provided to store this. They break easily too.
Too small - especially the opening.
The color is dull. Seems like it's used
Not a big fan; fits well, but very stiff.........I find their other styles much more to my liking
I gave these shoes 3 stars because they were a bit snug and had some imperfections on them. I ordered a size 9, but unfortunately my toes hit the tip of the shoes (which made them uncomfortable to walk in). As for the imperfections, there was a scuff on the top of one of the shoes on the white part, a string coming out on the side of that same shoe, and a weird bump on the side of the other shoe on the white part. I also wasn't thrilled with how the shoes were packaged. They were squished together in a bag, instead of being kept in a box. Unfortunately, I'm returning them. They are cute though. If you decide to order a pair, I would order a size up (half size if possible). **If helpful, please click 'Helpful'** :)
Shoes stink like tires. Have had to place outside and still stink
These shoes wee comfy and great for walking on rocks. I wanted them for water and beach shoes, but sand does get in them from the mesh.
There was a smudge on the leather. I kept it because of the hassle of returning. Disappointed.
plastic that holds the straps a little to small
My review is not based on the size of the shoe(i'm usually a 12 but this fits a bit big on me). This shoe is a mediocre one that has poor laces that come undone easily and an overly squishy memory foam that feels like i'm wearing damp socks, It wouldn't be a problem except the soles are glued in. On the plus side the traction is great for greasy floors (I work in a kitchen) and they look professional. 3/5 I've bought 25 dollar work shoes at Walmart that look and preform more or less the same.
Good quality however they run about a size small and not good if you have a wide foot.
Fits great and super comfortable for foot arch. They really make feet stink, happened quick within the first week of wearing. Shoes smell really bad and make feet stink every time worn. Other shoes have not had this issue, this was worst experienced.
They look great and are fairly comfortable. They are a tad small (toes touch the tips), but I have yet to break them in. They have zero arch, which can be remedied with an insert. My primary complaint is that the fabric loop on the heel is too small to fit a finger through, which is absurd considering that these are supposed to be pull-on shoes. Kind of a bummer.
Wanted these so badly, once I got them they were just to bug should of gotten a size smaller
I want to exchange it
Nice slip one but way to narrow for my feet. I don't consider my feet that wide, but should have gotten these in wide.
I like the looks of this purse and the size however, there is a bad chemical smell present. If it doesn't dissipate after a few days I will return it.
I ordered a half size larger but felt they were too narrow so I returned them and ordered them in the wider width Haven't received the second pair just yet but they are on the way
Lovely boots! But they go just above the knee, they're not thigh high. I'm disappointed but I still like them
Two sizes too large.
They have a cool look but there crappy type of slippers.
Well made material wise. I didnt see there is panther looking up where chain is at. I didnt like the style that part. Other wise its good.
I would have given this 5 stars if they had made the heel strap stretchy. That way I could adjust the velcro once and just pull them on and off without undoing the velcro each time. That would have been super convenient. These sandals are super light. It almost feels like my feet are floating. Haven't had them long enough to know about durability, but if they last 2 years, I'll feel good about the purchase.
These boots run short and wide. My usual size is a 41. I ordered a 42 based on the size chart and reviews. My toe was at the front of the boot, but the sides would easily accommodate the thickest dock with plenty of room to spare. I have my doubts about the waterproof claim. Probably more like water-resistant. The sole feels more like plastic than rubber. I have returned them.
Well I got what I paid for. They look classier online. They fit well and the vision is great also but I go for looks and they do not look as they do online.
About as comfortable as the original insoles that came with the boots
A good shoe but I don't like it. It's hard on the center and he edged on my feet. Not comfy at all!
The shoes seem to require one size larger the typical new balance
Love the look and how they are reflecting but the side of the inside of the lenses reflect in the inside of the glasses. Their a big lens so maybe why but it does get a little annoying.
UPDATE: The seller contacted me after I posted a poor review of the bag and refunded me 100% because I was unsatisfied with my purchase. I am raising my review from a 1 star to a 3 start based upon EXCELLENT customer service. They had offered to replace my purchase in addition to a partial refund prior. I would consider trying them again due to the customer service and their willingness to stand behind their merchandise. Original Review: I really wanted to be able to use this purse. The 2 decorative zippers on the side came undone and apart just after the return window. The pleather is a beautiful Carmel color and I initially received many compliments on the bag. The stitching on the bottom that covers the zippers came undone within weeks and the bag is now unusable.
These slippers are cute but that's all. I wear a size 8 1/2 running shoe and the 7-8 was plenty big (maybe even a bit too big once they stretched a bit). We have hardwood floors throughout and I wouldn't say these slippers give any more cushion than any other slipper out there. I feel the soles collapsed within a day and the slipper doesn't do anything other than keep my feet warm and protect my toes from run-ins with furniture and toys.
The purse was delivered quickly. The only thing I did not like about the purse is the picture did no justice. Its was bigger than the picture showed. U need to list if it's a small, medium or large size purse. The color purple is gorgeous.
I bought a large for my daughter who wears size 9, and they where a tad tight, so I kept them & ordered her an XL. Here's the bad part- the Large had padding on bottom, not so with the XL. I mean NOTHING but thin material between your feet and ground. Very disappointing, because the slippers are really cute, warm & fluffy everywhere else.
looks nice but made not that great. Golden parts are plastic. Arm broke in half...
Ordered size 6 and were too small. Ordered size 7 but the 7s were worn in. Received replacement and one boot is soft suede like and one was harder leather. I really wanted to love these but will be returning.
Run narrow not very comfortable
Bought a couple of these as gifts, but all the kids find that it hurts their feet. It is very nice and the lights are bright as well, but not for long walks
These are a nice idea and look cool, but they don't stay tight, especially when you slip your shoes off & on. They stretched out and my shoes felt like they were going to fall off.
Toe area is very narrow. Not a huge fan
Make my leggs and back hurt
Good slippers, but they have issues. You feel like you will fall in these just because they don't fit the back heel area that well.
quality wasn't the best but I still like them. I had to put a safety pin on them to hold together.
Nice quality bag but kind of chunky and phone barely fit. For the price I found something nicer.
Nice look. Good price. "Wide" is just a touch snug, but tolerable. Not much ventilation. Too warm for casual use.
The women's slippers are warm. The only problem is they are slippery.
This shoe has NO tongue . It is very hard to get them on. There seems to be NO advantage to not having a tongue. This is a good brand and I have owned several of their shoes and been happy with them. I would NOT recommend purchasing this particular shoe.
Bought these May 24 it's July 28. I use them 2 times a week fit was fine but but coating on toe already beginning to seperate.
The shoes are true to fit and comfortable. The lace tie broke day one, not rendering the shoe useless, but cannot tighten anymore.
The one size fits all doesn't work for this. The arch support doesn't land on the arch of my size 12 foot
It's a little difficult to see through these, but they do a GREAT job of blocking out the sun. Unfortunately, they tend to block most everything out.
Made well but I just don't care for style.
I really like this purse because it has plenty of pockets and the pattern is adorable. The strap broke not even a week after I bought it and I had to sew it back together.
My wife enjoyed the slippers-although she thought they were nothing special. I didn't have too many choices at the time so I chose these for the fast shipping. Quality seems fine-but price seemed a bit too high.
Comfy but way too big and stretched even more after a couple of wears
Love the glasses but they took long time to arrive. Apart from that, we get a lot of compliments on it. Update: Glasses are not good quality the lenses lost all shine in less than 3 months, seller did not even respond to my inquiry. No exchange or refunds - very frustrating experience since the product looked nice. But for a short time.
Wonderfully warm. Only problem was the sizing ran small. I had to return the product for a larger size. No hassle to do the return and credit was promptly applied to my credit card.
The medium width is too narrow. This creates hot spots (blisters) which, of course, is uncomfortable. Hopefully, that will get better, but they were not comfortable when first put on. Next time I will spend a little more money for increased comfort.
Its is about a half size small. Im a little dissappointed because the quality of the insole is crappy quality. Very hard and not soft or supportive. But the shoes are very light and thats a good thing
Cute but the shark fin broke off the 2nd time my son wore them. True to Carter's size.
These are comfortable except for one thing: the ankle strap. I have wide feet and narrow ankles. In an odd reversal of virtually every other shoe out there, these fit my wide feet. But they are crazy tight on my ankles. It's a shame since I bought them for a beachy vacation but had to return.
I bought these slippers for my 2 year old great granddaughter. I thought they would be perfect for her to wear outside briefly when I just want to dart out for a few minutes. They work, but they are very cheaply designed and made.
They are very big on my feet. I hope they don't fall off! Order smaller than you need by one size.
I wear a size 9 normally so I read reviews and bought a 9 but it was two small very cute sandal I ordered a 91/2 next but still too small a narrow had to return both pairs
My feet are somewhat narrow so when I put these on they look like clown shoes. I probably won't wear them much, but use them for times when nice shoes aren't needed!
The quality is fine--- 4-5 star. I bought this for my dad-- He likes the bill fold wallet style. I mistakenly had it delivered to my house, so I ordered him another. My wallet was beat up--so I figured I'd give it a try. It's not any thinner than my old wallet. The bill fold feature holds bills fine, but I do not like the fact that all my bills are flopping in the breeze everytime I pay for something. It could set you up for being a victim. I will be replacing it long before it is worn out.
Love the slipper in terms of comfort and breath ability. I'm on my second pair now and the pad gets completely worn out after a very short time (i.e. two weeks). I'm most likely going a different direction with my next slipper purchase.
I originally ordered a size 7 and it is important to note that I am perfectly a size 7 (I buy 7.5 in running shoes since my feet swell a little when I run) these size 7 boots were too big even with wool socks on. I love the way they looked so I returned them for a 6.5 the foot fit perfectly, but the calf I could not zip easily, I finally was able to zip them but they were painfully tight on my calves. Yet, I had extra room in the calf on the size 7. I measured my calf with my jeans on and they are 14.5 inches. These boots claim to be 16-inch circumference but they aren't. I am returning them again and exchanging for another color this time, fingers crossed they fit. I really do like the look of these boots.
Fabric between toes could be a little softer. Otherwise they are pretty comfy.
Looks and feel cheap
Love it but after a while the zippers stopped working. Sad because otherwise a great handbag
I don't have terribly large hands, yet the gloves are very snug. That and they're not keeping my hands warm. Possibly due the tight fit.
This bag is really great - HOWEVER, I received this bag in NAVY, not gray like it states. I'm very annoyed and frustrated at this. This is clearly a gray bag, the description says gray, but I received it in NAVY.
I love this older model of new balance shoes but this particular pair had been repackaged and one shoe was either miss marked or sized wrong. The pair had obviously been returned prior to me.
It was a little small but really like it
I love this bag so much, but I've only had it for a couple of months, and one of the straps already broke. Going to buy it again because I really like it, but super disappointed that I have to.
Much smaller then I thought they would be.
The heel is huge and doesn't even fit with heel pads. They stay in my closet because the heels are so loose its difficult to walk.
Great price, ok value... not quick drying. My wife says they are old man shoes and can not wear them out in public which is fine they are for pool. But it would be nice if I could go from pool to driving home from the pool without the shoes still as wet as they are. Size fit as expected.
I liked the flexibility of the shoe. I added an insole for more comfort. I use it for warehouse work. My feet must have extra comfort. My co works love them. I returning mine
Well considering I ordered a size 6.5 and got a size 8.... the shoe is cute. As for the fit and comfort, well I'll have to check with the gal I gave them to.
It's a really good product, but the nozzle clogged up after the 3rd use. Buyer beware
Boot was as expected, size was not.
Too wide for my feet and I missed the return time :( I may try to add a hole but am afraid it will break the buckle. I want to love them but due to the width, I don't.
These shoes are amazingly comfortable and great after you wear them for a while. Initially they look really bad and doesn't seem like a fit but after you wear them for a while it sort of feels much better. This was 2nd time I got this shoes, first time I got it from a local store and this time I got it online. The only thing is that it's too expensive for the quality it offers!
Smaller than the other crocs I've had
It looks fine for the price.... but I ordered a dark blue and I got a blue one, but it is not dark...... so I'm not very happy about it
I only got these for quick chores/dashes outside when it's wet. They are certainly not making a fashion statement. Nor would they be considered a sturdy supportive shoe to be worn all day. In my estimation they are a waterproof slipper.
The right shoe arrived with a nail embedded in the heel. I actually stuck myself when I tried the shoe on. The toe is a little tight for this to be an XW. But it is a good pair overall.
They look and feel good, but the beige color I ordered has a tint of green. They are $20 shoes so what can you expect
Comfortable for the most part but tight across the forefoot. I am hoping that they stretch out a little. I wear a 9.5W ordered a 10.
The sole is not slip resistant although it said it is. I keep sliding all over the wet floor. And the inside of the shoe is so thin there's absolutely no support for your feet. My feet were hurting bad after 9 hour shift. I did buy gel insoles which helped but still kinda disappointed in these Sketchers shoes.
I love Timberland Pro! First time buying off Amazon and the right foot sole began squeaking internally with every step after about 8 weeks. It's too costly to ship them back to Timberland for non guaranteed analysis so I'm stuck.
Only problem is,...your feet don't actually stay warm. My daughter said that her feet are always freezing in this boot. It's like it needs another insert. Anyway, disappointed on the warmth factor. Oh, my other daughter bought herself the same boot, and same problem, she said they don't keep your feet warm.
Cute slippers, from the top view. I don't like the wool bottoms, its like I'm sweeping the floor when I walk around the house in these. between the wool that grabs and the static it makes they are covered in hair and lint. I only wear them when I've just vacuumed. they aren't snug or super warm either. I prefer my ACORN slippers.
These are comfortable but with the strapping not really snug enough I walk out of them sometimes. Probably better for ones with a wide foot.
It was okay, fit as expected, but leave blister on my toes when hiking. I have to tape my feet to avoid blisters .
The readers are easy to open for use. However, the reading clarity is not as clear as other readers I have purchased. I would not want to use them for an extended period, but they will work as backups that I can store in the car or for when I travel.
I typically run between a 9 and 9.5 depending on the width of a shoe. I ordered a 9.5 just to be safe. The shoe fit in length but was a touch long over the big toe. The width was slightly narrow where if I chose to keep the shoe and wear them I am almost positive that I would have developed a blister on my inner sole and on my pinky toe. If your foot runs on the wide side try going up a size.
3 stars only because the purse is easily tipped over and won't stand up straight on flat surfaces, otherwise it is beautiful!
I am an EMT, so I did get a little larger size in this boot so that I can wear a wool pair of socks or double socks for the winter months. These aren't the most comfortable shoes, but they work for what I need them for. If you are constantly on your feet and have foot issues like me, I would maybe reconsider these. Otherwise, they are a decent boot, made well and are sturdy. I'm guessing these will last me quite a few years.
Just got these in the mail and was so excited to receive them. Was looking for a sneaker with more arch support than Converse and that would have a wider toe box for my bunion. The sneaker is adorable, but the sizing is WAY off. I normally take a 9, ordered a 9, and could't even get the sneaker on with a pair of socks. Tried them on without socks by my toes still hit the front. Aside from the fit, they are sooooo squeaky. I walked around on my hardwood floors and my son had to cover his ears because the sound was like nails on a chalk board. Am returning.
Very clearly a knock off. Fits good and don't feel too bad. I use them when working on stuff and don't want to ruin my nice shoes. I wouldn't wear them out in public due to how clearly fake they are.
I do like the clarity of the lenses and the polarization is quite helpful, especially when driving. The problem with the frames is the nose pads nearly dig holes into my nose, and therefore I can no longer wear them.
Not as expected, poor quality and wouldn't buy it again.
It's not as comfortable as I thought it would be. I have to try it with a half size shoes bigger than my usual size
Not comfortable for 8 hour day. You will need to add insoles for comfort.
All- leather slippers that look good on your feet. You can buy a pair
The cushion inside the sneakers aren't glue in to the shoe.... Other than that it's good. Oh it's not water restaurant at all a lil water outside will definitely go in the shoe
The shoes are not adjustable and when you wash them the tie comes undone and you can not tie back. They are worthless. Do not buy They refunded my money so everything is ok
The shoes are very comfortable but it worn out pretty fast and it doesn't support your toes well
The product helped but didn't warm my feet sufficiently I ended up getting an electric foot warmer that solved the problem to my satisfaction. Still use the product as slippers around the house.
Have worn size 8 for over 46 years. These must run small or are incorrectly marked.
I have always liked this brand, and it has always been recommended to get a 1/2 size to a size up. I ordered a 9.5W and they fit me pretty loose. The shoes are pretty bluntly too.
The polarization is non-existent. and the clarity of the lens does not warrant the reviews.
Too bad they aren't as nice as the box they come in. Perhaps spend less on the box and more on quality glasses. Really nice box though. Much wow.
This bag is bigger than I anticipated, which is good. The color is too pink, however. Even for rosegold. Oh well
The purse is nice it is very pretty and felt well built, however it came broken as the shoulder strap was missing one of the riveted clasps. It did have a strong chemical odor when it arrived but after airing out for a day the odor was gone.
I would go up a size as I found once I got in pool they were somewhat tight. Next time I buy I will order 1/2 size larger.
The shoes were too small. I plan on ordering a size up. I usually wear an 8.
It is too big than I thought and when you touch the bag, material is not very good. It is too thin. From far look is good
Don't like how cheap it looks. I know its rubber but I can't stand the squeaking sound it makes on waxed floors. Also dislike the apparent seam down the middle of the shoe.
Picture shown is of silver glasses however delivered product was dark gray plastic, not happy with that! Other than that they will suffice.
Shoes laces are TOO SHORT!! Love the shoes, but had to buy new laces.
I really wanted to be super pleased with these, but they seem to be getting worse as days go by. Another review or two mentioned how difficult they are to clean? Believe it. They are unbelievably hard to clean, and I really don't know WHY they are dirty...I've never put my hands on the lenses. This last time I tried to wipe them off I noticed a fracture up in the corner. Don't know if it was always there since it's not in my line of vision, but I am getting increasingly tired of wiping these off; just to have them be as bad if not WORSE than before I wiped them. I will not purchase again.
I have a wide foot and these flip flop are too narrow for me.
Shoe was way too big. Normally I am a 7 1/2 (which is what I ordered) and had way too much room. Had to return. May even have to go down an entire size.
I loved the shoe but my usual size (which is what I ordered) was too tight. I gave them to my daughter because they fit her well. I was sorry they didn't fit me because the style was exactly what I wanted.
Love these as much as before - my mom needed a good shoe and these were approved be her doctor for the cushioning etc. She likes them a lot but after 6 months they got a hole in the toe. We reordered but are disappointed.
They're awesome but they are definitely not purple. :(
I used to love these sneakers back in the day. Actually I still do. However, Reebok still split out the side after a few months. I wish they made a wide shoe. I'm sure it would make a big difference.
The bag look like leather but the size is a little small.
I use this inside, the band often folding in.
Very cute but too big
I have LOVED these shoes! They are perfect for working in the garden or playing in warm wet conditions. My reason for giving three stars instead of 5 on me that, I would have expected them to last longer. They only lasted a few months before splitting. They look like they are the same material as crocs but they must be something cheaper.
The shoe fits great but feels thin on the sole. But for the money, it's great. Guessing pro soccer players wouldn't be using this but for what I need it for, it works.
Pretty but it looks like the price
I am a 34D and I ordered the D cup, it was too big. There was a gap that made it so the bra wouldn't lay down smoothly. I have a feeling that if I got the C I would have been fairly happy with my purchase. Unfortunately I just couldn't get it to work.
Ok for the price. Use as slippers.
Soft cushion material! The plastic around the sole of the shoe can be uncomfortable when the cushion is worn down a bit.
Perfect fit, but defective inside the lens
Nice but a little too big pant pocket!
Beautiful boots but the reviews said they'd fit a wide calf... not the case. Super sad about having to return them. The zipper on the top is fake. Can't even get them up half my calf. Maybe if the zipper worked.
I returned the boots; the toe box was very wide, and the boot is quite heavy. It was not a good fit for me.
Fits too small. So disappointed.
This sneaker ball works ok, but got used up so quickly, been using on my basketball shoe for only 3 weeks and already done
The weight was nice, but the leather is too stiff for the amount of walking I do at work.
I purchased the Sketchers Performance Size 7 normal width and these, size 7 wide. These were both wider (as expected) but also longer. I returned them; if I consider getting in the future, I would probably get a half-size smaller. Note that I have a very wide forefoot and the normal width Performance had an adequately wide toe box. Otherwise, the shoes were nice, and as expected.
Sad. Will return. Wanted to love these boots but am disappointed in th quality of the fur. 😢
They were uncomfortable. But was told once you break them in your going to enjoy them.
A little big and really wide. Floppy on your feet, but warm.
Stretches after a while..
The shoe looks good but is definitely for a child with a wide foot. My son has a wide foot but this shoe is even a bit loose on him. The design of the shoe really doesn't allow for you to tighten it. I would definitely only buy this product if your child has a very wide foot
The boots do run a bit bigger as the reviews said but I was afraid to go a half size smaller. I do like the style.
They are okay. They resemble the equivalent Oakley's and feel great, but the lenses are not very dark at all. For being polarized they should be a bit darker.
HOW CAN A PURSE BE A TIGHT FIT? WHEN YOU CAN'T OPEN IT WIDE ENOUGH TO EASILY PUT YOUR HAND INTO AND REMOVE SOMETHING. THE COLOR AND QUALITY AHD STYLE WAS NICE THUS THE 3 STARS. HOWEVER, IT WILL ONLY BE USED TO CARRY A PHONE AND KEYS BECAUSE IT ISN'T EASY TO ACCESS MUCH OF ANYTHING ELSE. I KEPT IT BECAUSE THERE ARE TIMES I MIGHT ONLY NEED A PHONE AND KEYS AND I LIKE THE WEIGHT, STYLE AND COLOR.
I love the purse but it was missing one of the zipper pulls when I received it. I ended up hanging something else on there, but it shouldn't have been shipped that way.
No doubt these would be very warm, but the size or fit was way off. I have a size 9 narrow, flat foot, but I could barely pull these size 9's on. Once on, they remained tight and painful across the top of the foot. Also, my toes hit the end of the boot, the toe box was too tight to allow lateral movement of the toes, and the heel cup was strange--my heel slid around like there was nothing to hold it. It felt as if the whole boot was too short, so my heel got pushed up against the back of the boot. To top it off, when I pried my feet out of these, my socks were covered in black lint. Other than that, they seem well made and insulated. Returning these and will try a different brand.
Larger than I expected but my niece loved them
Size a half up, I'm a 9.5 I definitely needed to return and purchase a 10
Fits to small. I wear a 10.5 and ordered that. Should've got an 11
These shoes have a very strong odor to them. My daughter has probably worn them 10 times and they are already ripping in the back.
I have bought the REEF Fanning in the past. The size 11 fits but although this is still very comfortable and I like the cushioned sole the sandal stretched and is slipping and become a bit cumbersome to walk in.
Very minimal wallet. Good way to hold cards but not money. Would be cool if they added an slim external clip. It only has two slots and between those is open pass thru.
It was tight on my one foot. I usually don't have this issue with other heels. This is a very cute shoe but I had an issue with my left one. Will return for one size bigger
They are pretty good quality for the price. But, go a size up. I measured my feet before I bought them and they still were too small.
These are very tight and I never wear them because of it. Haven't enjoyed them at all. No comfort
Straps on top are uncomfortable unfortunately, bottom is comfortable
Lots of memory foam!
Like the style but it was snug to the fir
Didn't come with the sticker that i wanted to put on my laptop. :c
I love these socks but after a few moths they develop holes on the bottom :( sad
Cute! A little stiff but cute!
it works .... but that's all I can say about it
Nice shoe and it is easy for my dad to put on.
I was trying to find a bag for travel and for carrying to work everyday. This bag is already worn on a corner - definitely not going to hold up.
They are ok but very narrow
I have an older Solar Shield set of sunglasses. They were produced larger and provides better protection from the sun.
These boots were about what I expected after reading other reviews. Very basic. No lining or any comfort material inside. They do their job, which is keep my feet dry when I'm doing errands on a wet day. I purchased shearling insoles to put in them, which make them much more comfortable except the boots run big so the insoles are a bit small.
Not to sure how I feel about these shoes. They look great in a picture, and not too bad in person...but there are some things I just can't get over. First of all, it recommened I get a size 8.5, which is my usual size, but it was too big. I thought the sizing would be the same as Nike (don't know why) but it's not. I wear an 8.5 in nike and that gives me some wiggle room, but with these, there's too much wiggle room. The top off the shoe is a stretchy material that i find weird and is a first for me. I also dont like the back of the shoe at all. It looks odd as if it doesnt belong on the shoe! But, they do seem comfy at least. I'm going to send these back, get an 8 and see how it goes. *update to follow* on a side note; I received the shoes on time.
New shoes now have holes in them...
Eyelets are already falling off after a couple weeks.
I bought this for my girl since she needed one. She liked the brown one so I got it for her. The bag seems to be good, however they sent a black one instead. Really disappointed to buy a bag and get sent the wrong color.
Not as good as my old Merrill sandals but after years of wear, I needed replacement. I fear the grey insole will get dirty fast. Unfortunately, I ordered these for a trip and Amazon said I would get delivery in time but I did not. It was just a few days but...
Nice shoes but run small
I didn't try these boots on because a different style was sent and I didn't want to be bothered, I returned them.
Length was good, but due to my slightly wider feet, the front pressure causes some numbness at end of day
This is the kind of shoe horn they use to give away when you bought a pair of shoes.
This purse is really simple and cute. I haven't had it for a terribly long time and the clasp is already come loose and had to be fixed.
They were just way too big
Your classic Vera Bradly. Just what it looks like in the pictures. FYI not great at keeping lunches cold but it does the trick for my high school daughter.
Good fitting shoe, although the sole is a bit hard, and only the heel has a soft insole.
These are great, but are way too big. I wear a 6 1/2 shoe and these fall off in the pool.
Love the shoe style but fit is inconsistant. I have this same shoe in two different colors. One fits large and the other very snug.
Can't adjust, keeps slipping of my head and my face. But Cute.
Good shoe generally. A bit stiff though and a little more cushion would help.
Was on the small side and heel slipped. They did not seem to provide the cushion I expected for the price. Returned them and found sketchers which did the trick for a third of the cost.
The toe box is tighter than previous version.
Lasted 6+ months...Hurray
I returned these because they looked cheap. Don't waste your money
Shoe is literally falling apart while being worn
The quality of these shoes was worse than I thought it would be. The top of the shoe is very flimsy and offers very little protection of the top of your foot if you're wearing them in water that has many rocks. Also, I'm usually a size 6 and these were pretty snug on me.
Really cute and comfy however, they stretch out a bit after one wear and they shed a LOT
These boots are stylish and appear to be sturdy for the long haul. Unfortunately, they're moderately uncomfortable and put a lot of pressure on the balls of my feet when I walk, so I can't wear them for times when I will be walking very much, which is a big downside. I'm 135 lbs with high arches, for a reference point. They are a bit more comfortable when I put in a thin insole liner. I do like the waterproofing a lot, though.
Too large. Easy return..waiting to have funds returned to my account. Shoes seemed to be as advertised as far as looks. Too bad the size was bad.
They run small and the top does not come up far enough not fitted to the legs
I love the look and the polarization of these sunglasses. However, they lasted less than a year before one of the nose pads fell off.
Got a hole in the toe after a week or so.
The color blue rubbed off with the contact of the water and stained my clothes. :-(
Cute shoes but the size runs big. I usually wear a size 8 medium and I ordered just that but what I got was like a 1/2 size longer
Not my favorite fit, I had to make more holes in straps around my ankles
Runs small and clasp are a little difficult to get on.
Comfortable, but I was really hoping for more arch support. I'm a childcare provider, in my home, so I do not need to wear shoes, but I am on my feet all day. These had a lot of cushion without actually support, and after wearing them for a couple of weeks, the even the cushioning has started to fall flat.
No instructions. But we figured it out
I like it but it has a minor black scuff on the side white rubber. The leather trimmings was not sewn in neatly. Some of the leather material needs to be trim or sewn properly. I was going to return it but needed it for my trip immediately.
I ordered theses after reviewing the feedback. Several said to order size smaller due to these running g big. Wrong! I wear 10 and ordered the 8-9 because of reviews. They do not fit, too small. I will either give them away or send back.
They are cute, color accurate, warm and comfy. They are definitely indoor and similar to socks in the feel.
its a good sun-glass but the side bars are metal and presses too hard near my ear. Size is smaller then expected. except that good for trying but not recommended.
The zipper does not close completely. If the bag is on the car seat next to you or tips over anywhere items fall out. Not a wallet, it is too big, but pens, a pill bottle, anyother smaller item. Other than that the purse is large, is a good cross body bag. I always kept my hand over the zipper compartment so no one could unzip it r try to reach in. the hole is too small for an adult hand, but not a child.
They are fairly comfortable sandals but look a little clunky. Truthfully, I'm not sure how often I'll wear them. They're not as easy to keep on as I thought they would be and my little toes want to poke out a bit.
style is nice, a little rocker shoe helps with correcting minor balance issues. Shoes seem a little tight (smaller than most).
shipped quickly, I like the color, the weight but I am curious as to how they will keep my calves, ankles and feet dry when there is a fairly wide gap at the top of the boot that cannot be cinched tight.
I have a small head and these are pretty tight on my head. Almost to the point where you have to take them off to give your head a break. Other than that really cute. They're big framed which I like
Rips easily when you try to take it off ur shoe
Were much larger than expected but good enough for costume play.
Don't buy lasted 8 months before the handle broke off.
Nice purse, can't put much in it but it works but why I gave it 3 stars is because after having it only a month it's already falling apart where the loops for straps are. I have had several crossbody purses and never had this issue. It's a good purse. Very cute.
Size length was ok, but width was more like medium side. Need to say somewhere in description that width does run on the small side.
The item I purchased listed two pairs of laces, however my order only included one pair. How can I receive the missing pair of laces?
Overall a good slipper. However, the top of the slipper in the area of my ankle bone rubs on the skin on the underside of my ankle bone. I have had this problem before with other shoes and boots.
My son is using the silicone strap and it's been working for a couple of weeks until I noticed today that the silicone strap slips off of the ear piece. I've tried shrinking the silicone by boiling it which I think helped a little but still I don't think it fixed the problem and I'll probably have to repeat the process. Otherwise, when the silicon has a tight fit to the ear piece the strap stays on pretty well.
The product is nice and durable
Good product. Sizing inaccurate.
It doesn't stay in place. It needs a second contact point to secure the pin so it stays right side up.
They are cute and good quality but the definitely hurt the top part of your foot pulls to tight and leaves a mark. Can't wear these for long periods of time if you plan on walking far.
Love the style. Color looks a little off and they were too small.
Bought for my son. He likes them and they are good price but small!!! He wears size 15. We had to return and bought a size 16 which were also small. His toe is almost to end
This item is a really nice wallet, nice enough that I decided to order another one (in hopes that the next one would not break), however, after wallet arrived I learned that the return window for the previous/same wallet I purchased (which has a defect in the plastic sleeve inside), had already closed--have barely used the item for a month and there is zero option to contact the seller. Beware, if purchasing this wallet.
Update 2: At 6 months the clip holding the shoulder strap in place broke off while I was wearing the bag. I can't even order another bc it says only 3rd party sellers. Not sure what is going on with original seller / customer support. Updated review: Sadly after 5 months of having my beloved bag, the elastic on the side pockets is fraying and one of those side pockets is even coming undone where it was sewn. I'm so sad bc I love my bag :( I don't even put heavy waters or much in those bag. Just car keys usually. Beautiful bag but unfortunately durability is not as great as it could be. I guess the affordable price took a hit on quality :( Original review: I'm obsessed with my diaper bag! I love purple and this is SUCH a gorgeous shade. I get so many compliments on it. Tons of pockets keep me organized and it has amazing space capacity which is awesome since I have 3 kids. The only con is that if you use the stroller straps it's hard to zip the bag closed since it's hanging oddly from the straps. But you can't have it all right? I would have taken out the charging thing and put a wipe dispenser but that's just if I could customize it. Overall I loveee my bag. Not compensated and paid full price too! Lol
I have several other sketchers that are a size 10 and they fit just right. I ordered this pair and they are too long, like maybe a 10.5, but labeled 10.
I wear a 9 or 9.5 and the 9 with thick socks is a little tight. I had to add cushioned souls too they are not comfortable to wear all day. I just use as rain boots or snow boots only.
Very cute! Although, the waist line is very itchy according to my kiddo.
Too small. Check the dimensions and make sure it is the size you want
Nice insoles but too thick for dress shoes. They make the shoes too tight. Really only useful for boots or possibly tennis shoes.
The bag feels good when you carry it. The front pocket does not have a full zip so items can fall out and the back zip pocket is difficult to use because the items in the pocket dig into your back. But it is a very well made bag. Just wasn't the best for my needs.
The back part scratches the skin. causing blisters continuously. Difficult to return, so I gave up.
The metal clasps fell off first day :( otherwise I guess they will still work as rain boots ..
Now I know you get what you pay for, but I could not squeeze my "somewhat wide foot" into the shoe in the first place, not to mention they look incredibly cheap.
The sunglasses are great. They Look good and fit good Only thing I didn't like is Amazon advertised gasses with case. There was no case
Fit a little bigger than I thought it would.
Good fit, however the white part gets dirty very easy.
I found the shoe to be overall good but so squeaky when I walked that I was embarrassed to wear them out.
Opening to get on is kindof small making it hard for 2.5yr old to pull on by himself.
Not good for wide face
I love this purse but the hook was missing to attack the strap to the purse
Unfortunately I'm going to send this dress back. It's SO cute and I love the thicker fabric. I read the reviews carefully and ordered the size I thought would fit me and it is WAY too small. I would definitely size larger if you're on the fence!
This specific shoe, which I returned, was manufactured in Vietnam. In my opinion the Cole Haan shoes which cost $200 at retail stores and are made in India are more comfortable, better looking, and will be better lasting than these $100 versions. If you need a shoe for occasional use this one may be great for you but for daily wear, I highly suggest spending the extra and getting a higher quality product from a retail store. Differences I noted were quality of leather and the stitches per inch on both the upper of the shoe as well as on the sole.
The bag is beautiful, however, it was poorly made. The seams started coming undone after a week. My bag similar to this one lasted a lot longer.
So the colors aren't the same as shown. The purse has a dragon on one side and a colorful bird on the other. Not bad but a little brighter threading than expected (I had expected formless geometric shapes). Bigger problem is it it doesn't have a panel sewn in as a bottom to give it depth so it won't fit anything of volume without bulging out and makes it difficult to find anything without unloading it. Length and height are correct in description but best used for minimum thickness items such as a phone and slim wallet.
I have used the Nike Air Monarch series forever. I always keep one nice pair, one work pair and one pair for exercising. This pair, however, now has a loud squeak in the right shoe. I will be needing to contact Nike to see what can be done.
It's a great looking shoe. Very comfortable. 3 stars only because they squeak, loudly. Very noticeable by others.
I would not buy the plastic lens again. They are comfortable.
They will be good this winter.
I love Melissa shoes and buying all time. Those one are so pretty and I love them too, but very rubbed my legs under the bow and uncomfortable small heel, rubbed foot. And I'm so sad
The velcro separated after about a month, had to glue it back together. Other than that, my son likes them
Arrived in good condition They are ok but a little heavy.
love the way they look they just aren't very comfortable
Great looking boot. Soft leather and good coloring as pictured. I would give it 5 stars however the heal is made of plastic so it's a bit noisey (clicky) and my boot fits a bit big. Needed a 10.5 but it's not offered. I just wear heavier socks. Still comfortable!
I normally wear a 7 but ordered 7.5 just to be safe and still a little tight.
In my adult life, I have always worn size 9. It is usually not variable. However, these size 9 shows are too small.
Wallet seemed to made well and with great leather it just wasn't as feminine as I was hoping for.
almost a little too light weight for me. The lens are wonderful, they really enhance colors and protect your eyes However I didn't have but a few weeks dropped them on the floor and the screw came out of the joint. have not been able to find a replacement screw...
I've had many pairs on New Balance and they've been similar styles. These Shoes ran small in length.
The fit was fine, but the soles wore very quickly. Too quickly to recommend if you run 3-4 times a week.
Model in picture is misleading, much smaller than expected
These were my wife's running shoes and served the intended function for a couple months. They both started to fall apart and fray on the exterior of the shoe at the instep.
So I haven't had these shoes very long and they're falling apart. They're super comfortable and I love them but when it rains my feet get wet from the tears at the toes.
Bought for a friend and she said they took a few days to mold into shape. Okay but I don't think I would buy again.
Caution when buying: I love this brand of polish, but this color is awful! Medium brown is a greenish gold brown.
These are just okay. They are soft but they are very lightweight and not too warm. It is currently zero degrees where I live with a windchill of -18 degrees and these slippers feel more like just wearing two pairs of socks. I have somewhat average-to-wide feet and these slip off of my feet very easily. If you have narrow feet they will fall right off.
Shoes are very narrow.
Not as good as Vionic insoles. Arch is too small. Insole too soft. Still have to wear plantar fascitis braces on top of the insoles.
Love the boots but are a struggle to get on. The two zippers are there for looks only. Once the foot is in they fit great.
I usually wear 7 in shoes with a heel and 7.5 in athletic shoes, but I definitely should have ordered a 7.5, maybe even 8. The heel was taller than I expected, but that's my fault for not knowing the height of a heel a wanted.
Order a half size larger . I didnt recieve the 1st pair (UPS error not seller ) they did replace quickly . seller was GREAT product was too small.
Usually wear a size 13, couldnt even get it on my foot
These are solid polarized sunglasses. The unisex sizing causes them to be a little narrow for the average man's face, however, so this is not my go-to pair.
These shoes are not very comfortable, but are not horrible. They are fuzzy inside and keep your feet warm to a point. If you are walking around in the snow or outside for a while your feet do get cold.
Cute and well made but runs big. I ordered the 0-6 months and I would say they run a size bigger.
Not as comfortable as you've come to expect your Crocs to be.
I ordered a size 13, but it looked and felt smaller than a 13. I compared it to my size 13 shoe and it is smaller. Otherwise it's looks great.
First of all these are a suede finish. I ordered dark brown and these are more like grey/beige. Comfortable and different. Not worth $100 but I'm going to keep anyway.
These are really stiff- I have worn them 2-3 times thus far, and they are still abnormally stiff. I have yet to wear them in really cold conditions, but think they may not be as warm as my last Columbia's.
Very cute, fur Comes off here and there but not horrible.
They are tight after 4 hours my feet hurt so bad I wanted to cry. I couldn't wait to get them off. They seem well made but are for a slender foot. Not for an average width foot.
Shoes are snug and Velcro strap too short/
Really hard to keep clean - lens material is very smudgy. Frames are way too big, but they do make my eyes feel better.
Well made just the fit is way off.
I've purchased Lucky Emmie flats previously from Saks, size 7.5 and they fit as they should. These fit more like a 6.5. Not sure if they are mislabeled or what...but they do not fit.
Not for wide feet, very uncomfortable to even walk in for a few minutes.
I like these slippers ,had a few pairs before. But this time they are not as comfy,due to not being made right ,the soles were not sewed on right I can feel the sole inside the slipper on my feet!! not a happy camper this time.
Boots fit great, true to size but i was expecting a lighter taupe color like the picture showed and they were more like a dark marbled grey.
Right shoe was wider than left.
I ordered size 9. It is a bit big for me. Maybe 8.5 is about right, but there is no 8.5. My feet keeps sliding forward. I am not too happy about that. Would you? It will probably cost me more to return it, so I have to bite the bullet !!!!!!! It is a SAD situation, but true. The memory form is NOT IDEAL, BELIEVE ME. What can I say. Not happy with any purchase !!!!
They are a very cute shoe and fit well, but we ended up returning them. There are real laces to tie - from the photo it looked like faux laces / not actually tie-able. They're lightweight and seemed comfy, but the bottoms were so slippery! My daughter took two steps on our wood floors and BIT IT. Feet slipped out from under her and she nearly cracked her head open. I would recommend for style, but not for practicality.
They were cute, but a bit wide. I was looking for arch support, and these sandals did not have enough support where I needed it.
I loved the look of these shoes and will be the first to admit I have funny feet that are hard to fit. I have a wide foot but can usually get by with normal widths... not the case with these shoes. Super tight and narrow toe box and very uncomfortable once on. I returned them immediately.
Light weight but sole was very thin for rocky shore in Croatia where I was traveling and swimming
I loved these boots at first, but they don't hold up that well over time. The buckle on the side isn't made of high quality materials and bends/breaks very easily. I guess you get what you pay for but they were great for a couple months!
My boyfriend wore these a lot once he got them. We have had them less then two months and the layers are starting to split and the padding wore down really fast. For what they are, I think they are a fair price, however you can grab cheaper flip flops else where and they will hold up better.
Ordered a size 12, but turned out to be a little smaller than that. Not the most comfy slippers either. Soles are a bit thin. They don't slide too much on wooden floors though. Just make sure to get a size bigger.
Somewhat comfortable on my feet but the soles are hard and don't walk as smooth as other brands.
These were advertised as quick drying. They aren't it took two days in warm sunshine. I was hoping for much faster as I planned wearing them to walk on the beach.😩
These are nice, especially for the price. And they are what I wanted.. But about a size bigger than it says they are!
Disappointed in the quality not to mention that they were not at all comfortable. I expected more cushioning.
Much more plastic and fake looking than I anticipated... hope they don't break !
overall they are okay flip flops. The big draw back for me was the structural design of the base itself. It does not contour with my foot whatsoever. Making for uncomfortable prolonged use. I ended up getting a pair of tevas flip flops as well and they are nothing short of excellent.
I bought these for temporary use, so the material and quality didn't impact me that much. However, it's very obvious that these shoes are cheaply made, and you can probably find a better pair of white tennis shoes at a discount clothing store. Walmart shoes would probably be preferable.
I usually wear a 6.5 and it ran too small and ordered a 7 instead and while they fit, they're a little snug.
The arch support feels good when standing, but as soon as I started walking my feet started to slide off outward to the sides. It is poorly designed for it's price. This is my second purchase from the company and am very upset with their products. I would not recommend their products.
These slippers are very cute and my 22 month old really liked the way they looked. However, they would get extremely hot on her feet both with and without socks. My daughter has never had this issue with any other shoe or slipper but with these slippers her foot would sweat excessively to the point where she had to stop wearing them soon after she got them. We have tried other times and the same thing happens. It's too bad.
I liked the design and weight of these slippers, but one size was too small (not long enough) and the next size up was too big (right length but too loose). I do not have a narrow foot and I am consistently a 38 or 7 in most shoes so I was disappointed these didn't work out.
I like the shoe just way to so sent back
I will say that I was shockingly surprised by what they send you for the price! The glasses came with a little baggy to prevent scratching as well as a big case. I think the glasses are good quality for cheaper glasses and they look great. Unfortunately, windows, phone screens and cars etc. around me appear with that purple/green/blue glare when I wear them. It's a little distracting but I still use them regularly.
Advice was to order one size larger than you normally wear. I did this and they arrived one size to large. Bad advice.
It is very cute and I would have loved to keep them, but they are way too small - easily a full size smaller. I normally wear a 9 and they fit like I was trying to put on an 8. Unfortunately they do not have the red available to order in a size 10 :(
The bag is spacious, nicely built, good material for the money just wish the color was more peachy. Otherwise nice purchase. I would buy from them again.
Feel a lot cheaper than I expected, but for the price it's fine. Cute. But we will see how long they last.
These shoes were great, but the outer faux leather is cracking off already. I haven't had them very long. Only a few months.
I really liked the looks of the bag but it didn't hold form once you carried it by the straps, returned it.
These are okay, but not that great. The bands are tight and they are not very comfortable to wear.
This is a great bag but it's just too heavy for me so I did return it.
Product is somewhat flimsy and did not work for what I ordered it for. Was not really even worth sending back. Gave it to my child to find a use for it.
Fun glasses, but broke after a few months. If you just need them one time for a costume, they'll be fine.
Runs small to size. 7-1/2 (my mother's shoe size) was tight
Second time purchase.. I liked them so much.. but the first ones the lens reflection wore off when I tried to clean them.. now these don't feel as sturdy as the others.. like too wide for my head and slip off easily.. still wear them though
Didn't care for them. Fit but not very comfortable
Nice for the price but stains easily.
Still hurt the hell out of my arches. I'm a medium arch. Here's a tip for people who suffer with severe arch pain in hockey skates. Put plantar fasciitis heel sponge underneath foot bed of stock insoles. This raises your heel enough to get your arch out of compression. That enabled me to wear socks with my skates.
Cute bag, cheaply made
My daughter has very wide feet so I went with this style native. After reviewing the other styles, it seemed like this would be the best fit for wide feet. When we first received the shoes, they fit perfectly. Now after wearing them for a few weeks, each time I take them off of her feet, she has suction holes in the top of her foot from the openings of the shoe. They fit length wise but just too tight for her fat feet. Great shoe though. I wish they were a little wider.
They're a little bit too big I was expecting them to be smaller in diameter and they been real easy polarization on them is not that strong
Pretty but too heavy and tough to wear it...
These house shoes are for winter only keeps your feet hot
This were very comfortable shoes and true to size. The issue is that in person they appear much more casual than in the pictures.
I love sketchers but was disappointed by lack of arch support and too tight in the toes, even after going a 1/2 size bigger.
I am usually a 9.5 shoe and the XL is way too small, so it's clear that the sizing chart is hard to interpret. Certainly not true to size by any means.
Comfortable, but they slip off your feet when your walking. The back of the heal is not as stiff as others I have had in the past
Overall a cheap pair of shoes. The "leather" pealed and flaked in a couple of spots after mild use. Since then they have held up. Must be were they crease when I walk.
Nice fit but foot bed does not maintain support.
My item is pretty tight my toes rub the top of the shoe I need to get a bigger size I ordered a size 71/2 really needs a 8
Quality has decreased, leather seems thinner than a pair I bought directly from Ecco two years ago
I needed a pair of solid black shoes with a wide fit that I could stand on all day (teacher) . These work great, super comfortable, just not stylish at all and a bit klunky to walk in. I'm regretting it and looking for another pair.
My husband is a huge fan of these shoes mainly because of the comfort. He works about 10-12 hours a day so he needs shoes that are very comfy he has been using reports for about 4 years now and this is the first time that we bought them online. Ever since he started wearing this particular shoe he started having really bad back pain neck pain is overall he was in more pain. He also had knee pain just overall pain in the butt. It could be that maybe the style of the shoe is different than what he normally buys and I completely get that but he had to stop wearing these because he was in a lot of pain. We ended up just buying the same style of rockport's that he normally wears but we had to go to the store and buy it we went to Nordstrom's Rack where they usually carry it he's happier than.
Effective but not as they are advertised. They are regular pink not neon as heading portrays.
Didn't like the style of the sandals in person. Second strap was to high on my foot and didn't like the velcro straps.
These indigo glasses are actually more purple than blue. They are sturdy and fit well.......but don't expect the same when you look through them as the colour therapy glasses brand.
Runs large and the brown is a little too orange. It is comfortable for all day wear.
Liked the item but too small
Good for the price nice clarity
My item came with a broken button, I immediately told them, I had a new purse the next day.
They fit as hoped for and are very comfortable, walked 2.5 miles the first time I wore them. They are rather light weight compared with older Docs I have so will have to see how they wear.
So far so good. Looks like QC wasn't too concerned with looks because there was some painted touch-ups on the rubber portions around the side of the show, but since this is a work shoe, I'm not too concerned about it either. I normally wear a US size 10.5 so I got the 11 which fits very well. Will update once I get idea of how they hold up.
these were great but the Velcro did not last as long as i thought they would. they have already come apart so i can't really Velcro them on anymore
Perfect size for my needs. Isn't too loud.
I love these glasses. Very good quality and they look great on me. I'm happy.
Beautiful wallet 1 row of card slots very hard to get one in. Will not be able to put 2 in. But will hold all securely. Wonderful quality leather. Design was exactly what I was looking for.
Super cute luxury dupe that is so functional! The only reason that it's four stars is due to the zipper, which sticks occasionally and seems to be lower quality than the zipper on the Daisy Rose wallet and the tote. Otherwise an awesome purchase.
This shoe is a little flimsy but it still does the job, and they're still cute.
It was surprisingly hard for my to find slippers that fit on like a shoe, so when I found these I was excited! They cute, unique, and rather comfortable to wear. They keep my feet warm without making them sweaty (which is always a plus!). Lots of people have seen me wearing them and have complimented on how cute they are and asked where I got them. XD
I ordered these boots in brown and received them in black - my third order that was incorrect from this seller! That said, I probably would have kept them, but they were far too large even though I ordered a half-size down as indicated in other reviews. I would caution other buyers to consider ordering a full-size down. That said, the boots seemed sturdy and were comfortable when I tried them on, and the style is just as nice as in the photos. Might try ordering again in a smaller size and pray the fourth time is the charm!
Good shoes for the price
Great tap show for the price. My only complaint is the sound quality isn't that great but to be expected at this price point.
The purse looks great, just too big for me. The wallet zipper broke the 2nd day. My coworker loves the purse.
Not bad. Just a lil to big.
These are super cute. They look nicer in person. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that they are very wide. But other than that they are great.
Amazingly cute!! They are a Xmas gift so I still don't know if theyre comfy but they look amazing
Great bag, but the color is more like a raspberry red, than a wine red. Great purchase for the price though.
I got these because i saw them featured (not this particular brand) on a talk show. They are nice, and will keep out the sun from damaging your eyes and causing wrinkles....very cool!
Very comfortable shoes.
These crocks are very comfortable, however I had ordered a size 8 (which is my normal size) and had to exchange for a size 9. Luckily, they offer free returns which is great. The color was exactly what I wanted!
The bag is lightweight and has zippered compartments. Love that the wallet attaches to the inside of the bag. Great for me as I an in a wheelchair and cannot pick up stuff if I drop it .
If you've been searching for this style of glasses, then these are your best buy. Definitely gave me that 'Pinterest' look I was going for, and didn't have that cheap "gold" look.
Liked it very much except it is REALLY BIG. Not going to fit under any airline seat, this is as big as a carry-on suitcase. Returned for the Iconic Compact Weekender Travel Bag, which worked very well as my personal item and did fit under the airline seats.
They are ok. Much darker than I expected them to be. But not thrilled with them.
I have to wear shoes around the house for support and these fit the bill. Very comfortable very lightweight hardly know you have them on. If the price goes back down I think I'd probably get another pair.
I love this bag because it's just what I need! It's like a small duffel bag and has lots of room and it's made of waterproof material which is great for rainy days or just wiping clean. It's more on the casual side so it's not for date night but most definitely an everyday carry all!
haven't worn them much yet. They seem okay. Love the heel.
I bought these for my husband and boys to use when taking our dog out during the winter. They are very warm and have a sturdy outdoor sole. Worth the money, and my guys tell me that the fit is perfect.
fit wa a little tighter than expected of other Sketchers styles I've bought in the past.
Early stages but so far it works well for my needs and what it holds. Nicely made
I've only used them three times this past ice season, but I felt like I could've climbed Everest with them. Im gettimg to the age where if I fall I may break a hip (I'm not really THAT old yet). So far, I'm impressed and fracture free.
These are top of the line for the outer material. I had ordered a full size larger, this was way to much. I choose to return the slippers since they were to big and did not replace due to there is no cushion in the sole.
Wanted a more structured boot
Shower shoes for hubby. He says they work fine.
Much bigger than expected but very nice and well packaged no damages or faults
These are very cute, just know that the toe is very pointy.
Very satisfied so far - Does the job perfectly well! Already tested under various weather conditions including Partly Cloudy... Have used on a highway under a bright Sun and everything was fine, drove into the tunnel - and everything was still great... Alleys with trees on the sides have always been a big issue for me.... Now they are not! Only one downside so far is that when you fold it after use, its legs are touching the lens - might create scratches as time passes - That's the ONLY reason why only 4 stars... This is something the developers of the product have to think in the future. Everything else is just great!
After broken in fit perfect
Looks nice, sounds okay. Just a little something to add to the Easter basket.
Very trendy right now. Definitely worth the price. I love how the shoe has a little cushion to it & not super stiff like other shoes in this style. Color is great. They're a little wide & I have narrow feet. I'm not sure if sizing down is the answer but they're still very wearable. I'll probably order another color.
Definitely small, but it fits the essentials and that is what I wanted.
Love the flowers on the sandals. Wish they were better foot support. One of them were messed up when I got it but I fixed it because that's what wouldve been easiest in the long run.
Beautiful little shoes, but the flower decorations fell off after wearing them once.
Even with the zipper back my heel slipped out. Was able to slip them off without unzipping. Other than being too big, great shoe. Im sure would be comfortable un the right size.
Nice , soft and comfortable . Size I got was just too large
Bought these basically for work, I do a lot of outside work so I need something comfortable to wear. The fit is awesome! Overall good product!
I wear these shoes to work every day. They are very comfortable. I am 78 and have knee trouble, so I need something that fits well.
As described...I wear size 6.5 but purchased 7. They fit fine but wish I had gotten a 6.5
Kind of expensive for the product but It does work as advertised. Also a bit flimsy. You need to be careful with them. NOt fragile but definite not rugged
I like the boots only a little too big. Will have to wear extra thick socks.
Quality of the glasses.
Nice comfortable, inexpensive and sturdy shoe I purchased to work around the house in lieu of tennis shoes or boots. A bit low in front but that's more an issue of taste rather than function.
Water drains quickly
Boots are comfortable and nice!! They do smell like fake leather but for the price they are perfect
i ordered a 9 wide and a 10 for my friend. i tried in both and did not feel a difference. not the most comfortable for wide feet.
I love, love, love these shoes!!!. I read reviews before purchasing many online items and there were a lot of great reviews. So I dove in AND bought these little puppies and man I am so glad that I did. They are super-comfy and what I love best is the arch support. In the past, I've purchased shoes and my arches would really hurt after a long walk (4-5 miles daily). Nope not with these shoes. You will not be disappointed. Breathable and comfy, you can wear for daily casual wear with jeans or just for workouts and walks.
I love the concept and all the bright sparkly swirly colors This brand offers. But for me personally it was too clunky I'm used to more flexibility in the soul
Great fit and very comfortable.
Like these a lot, great style. Took off a star because the frames hinges got loose really fast.
I bought two pairs of these. One as a gift the other for myself. The receiver of the gifted pair has used lock laces before so they liked. I had a more of an adjustment period of trying to figure out tight or lose to make them on my shoes and still be comfortable.
Its heavy duty. A little pricey.
Really REALLY like everything about these glasses, except the polarized lens. They're very nice, very comfortable, and the carbon fiber really is flexible and durable. I just need to wear these AND be able to see the screen of a tablet at work. The polarization makes it difficult to view a phone/tablet screen.
as shown,very pretty
They fit perfect but as other people said they did start to tear apart at the heal fairly quickly. I only wore them for a few days on a cruise before they started tearing. Very comfortable though!
Super comfy! A little small.
I purposely avoided ordering the narrow version but these feel narrow. I do like the soft footbed though. Can't beat birks!
Love these! But they tend to run on the smaller side.
$10 glasses. I can't really complain or rave about the quality. If your looking for cheap pair of sunglasses Id certainly recomment these.
Like the way they fit and look
I can feel very comfortable with it in my shoes.a litter long for me ,but it is ok.i cut it little .the product is made from high quality material.
Comfy but after a while the memory foam is non-existent but they are still comfortable.
So nice not to have to tie up laces. The fit was just right.
Very comfortable, recommended!
Writing a review for this bag is kind of hard. One reason why, I love this bag. But why put in that smell in the bag? Ever since I purchased this bag, it has never left the plastic smell! And another reason I dislike the bag, the folding never goes away. Don't know how to stop it from folding. Other than those problems it's a great bag to begin with.
Glad this style was available in my size at Amazon. Unable to find locally and these have been my fave yearly flops forever.
Looks just like picture! Daughter loves them!
I love taking these to the ocean because they are much harder to lose than flip flops, and much prettier than most water shoes. they fit in your pocket and can be rinsed off for easy sand removal
I pair was exactly what i ordered the other pair was the wrong color.
Wish they were taller in the heels, they rub a bit walking, but other than that nice
Full disclosure... I LOVE Teva in general so am likely prejudiced. Anyway, these are my me favorites sports sandals. Fit is perfect, just the right support in the right places, and they look nice too. The ankle strap did initially rub slightly as the day progressed and my feet swell a bit, but that has eased over time.
I just received these and so far they're really comfortable! I've been walking around and standing in them for an hour now with moderate sitting in between and my feet isn't throbbing. If they continue as expected, I will have to purchase some more of the other styles!
A lot of people compliment my shoes. They definitely stand out!
I wanted a medium size bag to carry when i do day or weekend trips one i can wear hands free and not worried about the bag falling off my shoulder. This was a good purchase for me nice leather and a good price.
Love these, not quite as comfy as my Hawaiian made equivalents but much more affordable and more comfortable then the thin reefs, recommended.
Comfortable, my almost everyday shoes. Shoes are slightly long and my heal rubs. No blisters, but liner is showing wear.
They are super cute and just like the picture!! How ever there is no padding for your foot and the toe box is actually to tall. I am normally a 9.5 but ordered the 10 and they fit comfortably.
this is well-designed and steady glasses, however, I have to return it because of polarized lens. it is not used to me, very hard to see properly.
Amazing for the price! I get compliments all the time. You don't want to trek all over the world with them unless you put inserts but for work they're perfect!
The boots seem well built. Had a pair of pros b4 but the soles separated. Also the insoles are cheap. Bought some Dr Scholl insoles and a nice comfortable boot was had.
More Narrow than the white ledge. I have been breaking them in for weeks. My second hike i wore these on I never experienced foot pain so bad from a shoe. I wore my flip flops and socks for the last 3 miles of my hike. I have wide feet. I ordered an 8. If you need them wider I'd buy Timberlands White Ledge boot. It's much roomier. These have the same quality you can find in a Tim boot, but wide feet beware. I wouldn't order these again, but I'll wear them until they break because it's too late to return them lol. I just won't bring them on a hike longer than 2 hours.
Nice glasses. Fit well
Very comfortable and good looking shoes.
Ok, so the boots them self are amazing! So far, I think good quality, will keep my feet warm and dry. However, I have larger calves and although they lace up (fully functioning laces) they just don't have enough ‘give' to make it look right. They fit! I'm gonna keep them to do their job, but I'm not a fan of how they really are meant for a smaller calf.
Nice flip flops, tighter fitting. If you have wide feet go up a size, they were a just fit for me at size 10, I have a very normal/average foot.
These slippers are very comfortable, but I found them to have a somewhat large fit. The stitching around the top of the slipper is also a little irregular, but they are very warm and soft.
Shoes are flexible and comfortable
The shoes fit as expected. Very well put together and looks real nice with jeans and casual slacks, like dockers etc. I will be coming back for different colors. Charles
They were nearly too small for my daughter who wears a size 7 shoe. I recommend buying one size up.
A great shoe not uncomfortable. I wore the at a conference.
They are a very nice shoe but I have to return them cuz they're too small
Not as light weighted as I wanted however it's a very good and easy to easy wear
These are so cute! My daughter loves them but the elastic is way too tight.
This is a beautiful bag! I only took a star off because of the way it arrived, It wasn't even in a box! Amazon packed it in a plastic bag! It got squished. Other than that, the bag is flawless. It's heavy, but that's usually how Frye bags are, not an issue for me. I ordered the ice color and it is stunning. This bag will last a lifetime and always be in style. Absolutely recommend. I've been eyeing this bag forever and the price was finally right for me.
Use at the water park and shipping was fast.
These slippers are adorable but the ear fell off within 48 hours. Amazon was quick to issue a refund though, and gave me no problems :)
Slightly too wide, but able to wear comfortably. love the colors. Wish I could afford to buy a couple of other patterns I like!!!
So far, so good. I just assembled them into the frames. Let's see how long they last.
It's a show I can wear in the water.
I like the bag and the color... very usefull for my needs
I love my shoes.. I need in other colors.
A little bit larger than I expected, but my feet still fit in the shoe. A great shoe, and great service.
Even though the boots are a little large putting paper or a sock in the toe of the boot will help and he will be able to wear the boots next year
I like the variety of colors and waterproof bags which can be used for things other than shoes. The only suggestion would be to have bags that are made from a more flexible fabric ; they were a little stiff and harder to pack in your luggage.
Very cute shoes. They were a bit tight on my daughter even though it was a half size smaller than what she normally wears.
These are comfortable shoes that seem well made. My only complaint is the "cut-out" around the top of the opening.... it would be better for me if they were higher around the ankle and slightly higher on the back.
The frames are bigger than I excepted, but beautiful quality and faster shipping.
Warm and comfortable, but they're about a 1/2 size too big.
The insole comes lose and sometimes folds and feels uncomfortable. The sole is thin, so walking on rocks can be felt through the sole. They are lightweight, fit good and usually comfortable. The mesh breathes.
They seem rather tight, but most likely need to be broken in a bit.
Very well made but very small. Try ordering a size larger or 2 size larger is possible
My husband loved these.
Surprising very impressed with the fit and quality of these. I ordered 2 pairs in different colors. They both have a very similar fit, but a little different in the toe area (one was suede and the other was canvas though). Overall, I really like these. There was no breaking in and no blistering, which says alot in my opinion. Very comfortable too. These are my everyday shoes for work and home.
Very Comfortable and pretty but I bought a 1/2 size larger due to other reviews and they do run slightly on the smaller size
I have worn similar styles from Merrell for the last 7 years. they usually cost about $100, so this is a significant savings. This particular pair seems to run a tad bit small, and tight. I purchased my regular size. Because they are leather I will give them a little time to break in. So, if you decide you want these shoes you may consider purchasing a wider pair.
It's to big but when you try to do a return, you find out you will get only part of your $, so I will give it away instead.
Disliked that they are narrow and when wearing them they don't feel secure like you might fall but I like the shoe itself looks like picture went with my outfit I done have anything bad to say about it I wear a 9 in USA so I always order me a nine in any heels
Love my easy on, easy off men's Crocs. I purchased a size smaller (9) than what a usually wear (10) based on reviews and the 9 fits just right. Crocs are functional footwear for around the house, beach, etc. Recommended
Perfect fit and very comfortable
Beautiful shoe/boot. Stiff around ankle area. Caused discomfort while wearing for first time. Unsure if there is solution to this except to continue to wear to break in
It arrived to big so i sent it back
Surprisingly comfy heels (although, because I don't wear heels often, I took them off pretty quickly)- but they don't hurt. I just like flat shoes. The glitter actually stayed on the shoes and not on me. I only didn't like the glue that was showing all over it, but you can't see it when I have them on, so that's ok.
Sandals are comfortable, light and look great. Ankle strap is a little too long. I normally wear size 7 but bought a size 6.5.
I had a size 8.5 witch was fitting too big and I bought this pair witch feel kinda small around the toe
I thought it would be smaller, but I have more stuff to put into it than I thought. It's a nice weight and carries a lot more than you would.
On time, good Fit Good Shoe
I bought these for our vacation in florida. We were going to spend a lot of time at water parks and the beach. I like how light weight they are and how they roll up to save space.
Really great shoe - well made for the inexpensive price! Pleasantly surprised! Not sure about how they wear over time since I had to return then due to too small fit. The bottom sole has a nice non-slip silicone sewn into it and the toe box is perfectly wide for chubby toddler feet. Unfortunately I gave it one less star because the size runs a bit smaller than any of the other 12-18 size shoes and sandals I've purchased. My 1 year old fits 4-4.5 and his toes just about touched the front of the shoe.
The shoe is a lot more flimsy than expected. To get the support that I would expect around the foot, you need to more multiple pairs of socks. However, I do like the color.
This product is very nice. It is light weight, has a lot of compartments for various items. The only problem that I have is that the black is really dark and hard to find things. I think the zippers on the inside should have little tags to indicate there is a compartment.
i needed a cheap dress shoe, and these were it. wore them several times now, still look nice, only minimal wear showing. doubt they will hold up after 6-12 months of constant use but for the price i'm very happy.
They run small and tight. Love the shoe but my pinky toe was slightly raw after 18. I wouldn't walk in these unless they fit well.
Dislike the color it was not as expected. Used them for a Halloween costume
The Amazon description is incorrect - it does not have a rubber sole. It is however super comfy and will serve as another one of my daily beaters. It's not as comfy as the Boosts (or Bounces), but it's not noticeable unless you're directly comparing the two!
Love this little purse, just right. Just what I wanted.
I've had the product for about two months now, and so far it is holding up to everyday use, which includes zipping and unzipping it a few times a day. It holds two pairs of glasses, a thick wallet, a kindle paperwhite, charger, small nick nacks, papers, pens, and the basics well. I try not to overstuff it as I did with one that was pretty much an exact replica but with metal zippers. THAT one lasted about a year before the zippers started failing in different ways. This one has nylon zippers and they do work fine. The material doesn't feel like genuine leather to me, but more like a man-made material that tries to replicate leather, and does it fairly well. It's close enough that I can't swear that it's not real leather, however, for the price that I paid, I didn't expect it to be genuine leather (again, it might be genuine, I really can't tell for sure). Basically at this point, if it lasts a few more months without defect, I will feel that I have gotten my money's worth, and after that, if it should fail in some way, I will probably buy another one just like it, perhaps a different color just to change things up a bit. In summary, it is pretty much as advertised, and in my opinion very reasonably priced for what you get.
Nice design, good construction but too narrow, I don't know why Columbia have diferent sizes of shoes , In other models I wear size 13 and fits like glove but this one is to narrow at the same size
I'm a doc martens lover but these run a little small width wise. I have wide-ish feet and these didn't feet but the normal boots do. Had to return, but I loved them either way.
Loving these! The only downside is that you have to remove the wrap around bit of leather when you put them on, so if you are in a hurry, probably best to have a backup pair that take less time to throw on.
I feel like i have to buy a suit to match these tints now lol great fit and feel.
I have a wider foot and Love these boots. Perfect for doing gardening and yard work. My only complaint is that after a while I do find my feet sweat in them with socks and make noise . Other than that I love them. Perfect for my use.
These ran pretty narrow. If you have a wide foot you should probably go up one full size.
Very comfortable with a lot of cushion. I am a true 6.5, and should have ordered a 7. I just wear them with my thin running sock, so it works. However, if you like thicker socks, or a little more room at the toe, then order at least a half size up. Overall, though, I'm happy with the purchase and find them much more comfy than the clogs I typically wear to work.
Nice style. It is larger than I expected. I usually wear an 8.5 - 9.0 in men's. I think I could wear an 8 or possibly 7.5 in this shoe.
Great water shoe for my son, though it isn't quick dry as described. Overnight dry night needed.
Smaller than I thought.. but perfect actually... the inside lining the blue and white stripes kind of give it a Tommy Hilfiger look... it's going to be nice for the summer
The photos give the impression they are oversized but they are very small. I was not able to return it so I gave it away. Not what i was looking for. They were cute though.
Boots are nice quality. Run a little wide for me. My feet slop around in them a little. The color is more burgundy than brown. Overall nice boot for the cost.
I love these shoes. I'm really tough on them so I may need another pair very soon. They fit exactly and my feet are a little wide. They look professional and I can still run up and down stairs with no issue.
Fairly nice quality. They are comfortable until worn for a while and then start to rub against your heel. Also I have to add a whole in the strap because the strap adjustment on the smallest setting was too big. I would say worth it, unless you plan on using them for hikes or long walks.
Super cute flats.. I wear 7/7 1/2 i ordered a 7 1/2 there alil bit to small I should have ordered size 8.. I still happy with the pair and cant wait to wear them
Great shoe for price! very comfortable..
Love the shoes,however they are a bit narrow. Very cute and a must have for any 50's costume. Great quality for the price.
Picture showed black nose pieces. We received white.
I normally wear a 7-7.5 so I ordered a 7.5 to be on the safe side. They do fit a bit tight and they squeak when you walk.
I've been wearing asics for years now and this is probably my favorite pair yet!
Shoe was well made, but I have narrow feet and these we way to wide
Mike third pair Sole split in half one month after purchase
It's worked well for the pool! My three year old also loves wearing them in the house to not fit. They are very much more like being barefoot.
Size says 8 - 10 size... I'm a 9 and my heel is right at the end
Not as comfortable as other ASICS.
Nice and sturdy, pretty color frames but the pink lenses are clear and that was not the look I wanted.
No issues with the product, but they run a little small. I normally wear an 11.5 - 12. I ordered a 12, but I think a 13 would be a better fit.
Pretty shoe but it runs large.
Got them for my father for his daily use for his short walk near by . He wears a 9 n they just fit him right with a thin socks . He's comfortable with them n hadn't complained of any shoe bites .
I like a mule because it is hard for me to reach down to tie shoes. So something I can just slide my foot into is ideal. I always get Easy Spirit mules because I know the exact size, and I know it will always fit even though I am buying them online without trying them on. These, however, surprised me. The little piece that wraps around the heel is very soft and lies down under my heel when I slide them on. Therefore, I still end up having to wrangle my shoes on. I don't know if the shoes are being made more cheaply or what now. I liked when they had a more rigid lip around the heel. For my next pair of shoes, I will go to a real store and look at them face to face so that I can buy shoes that I really want. Otherwise, these shoes would have gotten 5 stars.
Love them but they do fit snug. Got a little larger size.
Too hard at the heel, I would like them better if they had more cushion
Love these shoes! Extremely comfortable and nice looking, although they did run slightly large.
the phone broke the day after my return window closed...
I love this purse, it's the perfect size and great quality! I took off one star because it does smell quite bad. I was able to get the smell to go away with a few days of airing out coupled with a few coats of fabreeze
The bag is cute, has average quality...it is small. I actually gave it to my niece. If you like smaller bags or clutches then this is for you. It was not for me, I need more space. Better yet, you can use it for a date night cute little makeup and phone bag.
This image does nothing to the actual clutch. This is a perfect party wear purse. Very good to look at.
Lenses have a good fit. Have only been using them a few days but so far so good. I love that the lenses are polarized, which the original Oakley lenses were not. Would get again.
Love these shoes, very comfortable!
Nice feel and look to it. Would like it to be a bit more roomier, but overall a good product.
Like the fact that it holds a lot of cards. I just hope it will stretch out a bit. Seems a bit too tight and can not fit my phone like the photo suggests. One improvement would be to have two window pockets for my driver license. Over all a good pick.
Smaller than I wanted it to be.
Just what I expected. If I had to do it again, I might order a size larger but that might be too big. Fast delivery! Beware though, they squeak.
I got the red frames so they are easy to spot, and hard to leave behind. A star off because the large size which seemed to have dimensions to cover my glasses were, in reality, a couple of millimeters small so the glasses frame just barely fit under the sunglasses.
Nice shoe, but I wouldn't go running long in them. Ankle support just isn't there. But fine for walking and maybe light jogging for short distances. Don't go hard, you'll hurt yourself.
Love these sandals. They are very comfortable. They get dirty easily but that's just because of the color.
Very pretty. I love the charms and other unique details.
nice! they preformed as expected.
These sunglasses are super cute! They're a little tight and weigh heavy on the ears so they get uncomfortable after a while. The pink lenses also aren't very practical as they don't block out the sun at all, simply give a colored tint (which was to be expected, just noting it here). Overall they're cute sunglasses. Not terrible for $10, but I'd probably prefer to buy ones I can try on next time just to ensure they fit my head properly and won't end up feeling uncomfortable.
Super cute bag, looks just like the pictures. Unfortunately a little smaller than I wanted it to be. I purchased this for a cruise, to use on port days and around the ship, so i wouldn't have to carry a huge bag. It could fit a book, sunscreen, and a wallet. But I was really hoping I could fit in a water bottle, which it is slightly too small for. I still got good use out of it, but if you're hoping to jam a lot of things in there, this bag may be too small for you.
I like the very dark brown color. It is close to black. They are sturdy, have good arch support and a thicker than typical sole, which I enjoy. The top surface of the sole is a bit rough, which people with sensitive feet may want to avoid.
I purchased this bag for an upcoming trip. It is as described and I believe will be great for my trip. I just wish it were a tad smaller. The next size down was too small. But it does have a tiny flashlight attached so I can see into the deep abyss of the purse. I would recommend this.
I had a pair of these I purchased a couple of years ago and love them. I still wear them but the sole is split on one of them so it was time for a new pair. I ordered the same size but the new ones are 1/2 in shorter than the older ones. You might get a blister at first by your little toe but will quit once they are broke in.
I like this these boots, have been wearing them a lot lately with the cold and snow we have been having here. They are comfortable and warm. However, they are not the best looking, and now sure I will ever wear them out. But that was not what I bought them for so I am very satisfied with them,
I love everything g about them except for the shoe laces. They seem to come undone easily but other than that, they're great. Highly recommend them.
I looked at several of the reviews for this shoe. Based on the number of people who said that the shoe runs a little large I thought the 12 would fit. It was very small for a size 12. I reordered the shoe in a size 13, I really hope it fits.
I'd order one size up since they're just a little too exact for MY personal liking.
True to size. The only thing is there's a circle on the bottom of the shoe that I can feel through it when I walk. It's almost unnoticeable if I'm kind of distracted but if I'm thinking about it or just every once in a while I will notice that it kind of feels like I'm walking on a little half sphere. It is not terribly uncomfortable. Just a little bit annoying. Not annoying enough to return them. For the price these are pretty good. Just slightly irritating every so often; kinda like... man I wish I could take this thing out of my shoe... Oh well.
would've liked without the little bumps on the inside
Ran a tad big but still worked, super cute!
Son loves them. He's got clout now!
I like these shoes. They are pretty comfortable. They look Sharp. Deducted a state because the shoes arrived with some minor stains.
Even up north, I wear winter flip flops in the cold weather because most slippers make my feet too hot, then they sweat, then the feel even colder. I liked these because it was stated that they "breathe." I will say, they are cooler than some, and the back being open helps. I have found that they are comfortable to wear sitting down with my feet up. I didn't give 5 stars because I was hoping that there would be better arch support. It really is more of a flat foot bed with some memory foam. Better that being in socks, but they feel a bit clumsy because they are flat. All in all a nice slipper, not too hot, cozy when just chilling, but for actually walking around and doing the stairs, I prefer my Vionics.
Item was canceled never received need credit
I love the color and the size, but it has bright yellow lining, which detracts from the appearance , especially in the outside pockets.
Its held up fairly well.
Smaller size fits great on my 10-year old's glasses. He uses them all the time
Good looking design except it looks dirty as in dirt that can't be washed out
I read the reviews here and purchased a pair for my trip to Zion Park. It is comfortable to walk around for casual activities. It has good enough support, & I can widen or narrow my sandal with velcro so it is a plus. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase.
The shoe quality and sound is great for a toddler shoe.
What I liked most is that it has a spot for my checkbook with a divider for the carbon. I wish it had an outside small pocket for my license. The slot for the currency is tight and could be bigger, can't get many bills in, maybe 3 or 4.
I wanted to love these shoes. However, the stitching on the top of the shoe has no give whatsoever and cut into the top of my feet. I kept them and my daughter who has super slim feet wears and loves them instead.
You need to know this is a large bag and it is stiff. I gave to my daughter to use as her carry on luggage. You can fit an Ipad, book, wrap, snax, etc. for a flight in this thing and it is very attractive. But, for everyday use, too big, bulky, unwieldy for my taste. I do like the pegs on the bottom of the bag and was the main reason I chose this one.
I bought these shoes for college. I think they're good. They dry fast. Fit to size. Decent material. The holes at the bottom are nice so water doesn't pile up while showering but it takes some getting used to the holes because they kinda hurt your feet at first. I've used them for two weeks and I've already been used to it so it works well and I have no other complains!
Haven't had them but a few days so it's hard to be subjective. I will say they fit my work boots perfectly and are comfortable. Put them in, a little uncomfortable for the first couple of hours, my feet adjusted and haven't taken them out.
Bought these shoes to replace my work shoes. Very comfortable and cute shoes! So far no issues with my feet hurting and they have held up. I don't expect them to last me years on end but for the price, I would be happy to get at least a years worth out of them.
took a bit to break in but after that there great
I would order a half size up.
A completely different shoe than my last pair. They added some support around the centerline that keeps your foot from sliding inside the shoe on turns but it took me a while to get used to how it hugs your foot. Tread is nice and grips great on turf. The tongue is fully attached on three sides making it a little harder to get my high arched foot in, but once on wasn't an issue.
It's cute! Wore it with a maxi dress to a polo match. I was able to fit a money pouch (it comes with a felt card holder!), iPhone, keys, and a little make up in it. My friend thought it was adorable. Fun summer bag.
This is a very comfortable shoe it's just too large. But the box did come quite damaged they just put a little thin plastic wrap around it.
Ive used this on my summer shoes to clean them up! made them look brand-new!
Pretty narrow. My mom bought them for herself and she has chunky feet so the zipper wouldn't close. Despite that she still wears them even if the zipper is half closed and says they're comfortable.
This is my first pair of ever boots. I haven't tried them in wet weather but I did try them in cold, What I discovered is that they are really warm and I am very satisfied can't wait to try them in the snow.
As advertised. They are okay for the price I paid.
Normally I'm a size 8.5 W and 9 wasn't too big. Very deep tread. Gray stripes were more subtle than pic. Packaging was 100% Chinese so if you're working in a US manufacturing you may feel a bit hypocritical. No tags inside shoe.
Had to return not the product that I ordered
These are well made sunnies. They look good and stylish. Great for my eyes as well as part of my photo shoots..lol. I have dropped them a couple times and they dont shatter like so many lower cost sun glasses. I own 3 pair of Sojos and they all are of good quality for the money. Dont waste your money at the corner store or flea market, order these instead!
Good shoes for the price but very thin on the bottom fast shipping an delivery.
Warning-no arch, but comfy sole, a little roomy in the base, but not loose. Great look. I'm very happy with these and I wear them several times a week. Slip on and go.
The value and price is reasonable. Wished could have more available colors to choose from, other than that its alright.
They fit pretty well, I normally wear 6 1/2 - 7 but I got a 6 1/2 because of the reviews and they fit just fine. They get kind of uncomfortable after a while though. I wore them to an awards banquet and I barely got through pictures before switching to flats. I expected them to be uncomfortable though, that's not why I only gave four stars. I only gave four stars because whenever I take a step, the left boot makes a weird creaky noise and I'm scared that if I wear them more than two more times, they'll break.
I love the color and the light weight of the shoe. I have to wear heavier socks because the shoes feel loose.
This is pretty had and sturdy material. There is good support and cushion on the heal and the front just below the toes. the arch support is hard and it provides enough support for running.Its quite thick near the heal to provide a nice depth. This can easily replace the existing insert in the shoe which extends the life of the running shoe by a few months. Overall this is perfect insert for running shoes. I just wish there was a little bit more of the gel type material.
Cute comfortable shoes that are true to size. The only downside is that the back of the shoe hits high and can rub and cause a blister. I wore a blister protector and was perfectly fine after wearing the shoes all day.
Ordered these, my husband happy with size and comfort. After 2 days of wearing our puppy ate the right flip flop :( contacted them hoping to get a discounted price for a right shoe as I needed only one. They told me no and to buy another pair which I did because my husband was happy. It wasn't their fault (bad puppy) and they seem to be good flip flops that my husband a (pool guy in AZ) has been wearing just under a week now. I could've gotten something similar from Walgreen's for a few bucks cheaper but love Amazon.
very good quality for the price, however, the fit was a bit snugged for my husband who has a wider face structure.
A very nice, sturdy messenger bag! Tons of compartments for all your belongings. My iPad and notebooks and folders fit perfectly. The price and style of the bag are win wins!!
These are comfy and versatile boots that go with anything! These do run large - I wear a 12 and these were too big. They fit with an extra pair of socks. I recommend sizing down.
I love these shoes! They're so comfortable and versatile. I've received numerous compliments every time I've worn them to the office.They go from casual to work effortlessly.
Very cute boots, but we're a little heavy.
They are pretty low cut. Other moccasin slippers I have had went up higher on my feet.
These are amazingly comfortable! The only thing I would say is that your feet might become a little sweaty, but for someone who teaches in middle school it's a small price to pay. I am always going on my feet and find that most flats are not very supportive... like at all. These things have been life saving in the feet department and worth every penny!
Very nice clear lenses strong frames
Very light weight, good price.
I like the look back t I have to get them adjusted to fit my head but super rad look
These boots are fantastic! I have been debating for awhile whether or not to spend the money on them as I believe they are pricey for rubber boots, even though they are Hunters. I can say, after wearing once in the rain, I reach for them continually. They look great but are also so functional and perfect for rainy/chilly fall Ohio weather. I wore them with both one and two pair of socks depending on temperature, but on very rainy days. My feet were warm and dry. The fit was as expected, the calves are not tight, as others have mentioned, but I was also not swimming in them. I don't think I would purchase the Hunter fleece socks as I believe the fit would be tight with them on. There is an adjustable buckle on the side for a bit more room if needed. I am a realtor so I'm out in the elements for work. I will get a lot of use making the cost per wear very reasonable! My only complaint from this seller is the box looked like it literally fell off a truck! It was held together w rubber bands and apparently had been crushed.
Great shoes would order again
It was great about the polarization, I have a wider temple( my fault I did not check the measurements prior to ordering)
Made my feet hurt the first time I wore them, but they will feel better after they are broke in.
Comfortable and stylish, a little bit on the narrow side.
I've been looking for a backpack purse for a while now. Im glad I chose this one. I like the feel of the material and how comfortable the straps are once I put all my things in it. I have a wristlet wallet and a small makeup bag and it fit fine. I was hoping to be able to fit my mail inside the middle zippered pocket but it didn't fit, but that's ok, I still love this bad. Thank you
They kept me warm and dry in snowy and rainy days. They look pretty. I ordered 9 (I'm 8.5) to wear extra socks, but it wasn't necessary, they are warm enough with my normal socks (so now they fit a little large). The reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is that they make a funny wrinkle when the shoelace are tide.
First off I must say that the slippers were beautiful, warm and fit as expected when I received them. My daughter admired mine so I ordered a pair for her. She loved them for about two days after which the sequins began to fall off leaving whole areas of her beautiful slippers without bling. I have lost a few sequins but not as noticeable as my daughter's pair. I recommend them for beauty, fit and warmth, but be prepared to lose some of the bling.
Love the shoes. Very comfortable and easy to clean. Shoes do squeak.
Super cute, but every time I went to wear them I took them off. They never looked right with anything I put on. I think I had a hard time with the straight across my toes. I'm so used to flip flops or having something in between my toes. I felt like these made my feet look fat or frumpy or something. Really cute, but just not working for me style-wise so I returned them.
Just a lil bit hurts my big toe but they good.
I bought these for my daughter and she loves them! She didn't want to take them off! She is 7 years old and she normally wears a size 1 shoe. I ordered her a 2 in these and they were perfect!
Great shoe. Comfortable and cool.
These are good the original insole is easily slipped out to put my professional orthotic in. I have wider feet and the regular size was worked I did not need to order a wide. Lots of toe room. I was looking for a good shoe that I didn't need to spend a fortune on.
Great for the jet skis
Worked as they should I imagine. I was concerned with indents remaining in leather foot of boots, on sides. Small pieces on stretcher are designed to stretch sides of boot foot out. There were slight stretch imprints in shape of a circle on each side of foot but they did work out. Still, don't like that it happened. Boots were expensive!
I like the large pockets and that the purse is made of light weight material. This is the 3rd purse made with thin strong material I have purchased looking for pockets (with zippers) that are almost as large as the purse. One drawback: the handle material should have have been more sturdy, thicker and stiffer.
This is a very nice bag. Would buy again. Very roomy inside with lots of pockets.
I like it ,it is very stiff thick leather it will soften up
I love these but I have a few complaints. The first is that like a lot of reviews have said, the toe strap is very small and you just have to figure out how to wear it without hurting your toe. Second the straps have seams of silver thread woven in. I have grown used to it but I would rather know that's what they look like before I bought them. The straps do slide loose a little after walking for a while but that does not bother me. My final complaint is common with sandals, but they make your feet smell pretty bad. Overall I really like them and they are one of two pairs of shoes I wear consistently.
Just as described. my kid likes it. but I think its just rubber
I use them for house slippers (replacing 10yo Clark's) and they are perfect.
The reviews are accurate if you do not have problems with your instep. I ordered a size larger hoping to fix that issue. I ended up with a length that was too long (and the toes did droop inward). The sole was mega comfortable and I wished it had worked. But across the top of my foot was way too tight. I had surgery on my foot about 12 years ago and getting the right fit is a challenge. So even though it didn't work for me, it may work for you if you don't have any challenges with your instep. I gave it a four because I believe it is a good shoe if you follow the tips in the reviews. Not a five because it doesn't work for me.
These are not really winter boots,perhaps snow boots.I see alot of reviews where the soles are falling out,i tried these on today.They're fall sneakers.Stylish,but not recommended for winter climate.Maybe some are better than others but the ones i got the foot bedding is to small for them to be a "winter-type" of boot.Still great for fall.Just my take,check them out.
ordered 2 pairs, one for myself and one for a friend. slippers are very warm and have nice sturdy soles that don't slip on hard floors. i wear a half size so they are a little big on me, but seem like they are true to size. one pair had some stray blue threads in the ears, but no other notable flaws. ears don't seem like they'll fall off easily either. very cute and so excited to give as a gift!
I bought these for camping and they worked out perfectly.
I thought they would hurt like most evening shoes but these fit well they were very pretty and comfortable.
These shoes were fairly comfortable from day one. I have to walk quite a lot every day and my feet aren't screaming at the end of the day. The fit is a little bit on the big side, but my experience tells me that it is better to have safety shoes a little bit large than a little too small. The shoes look good in the office area (where I spend most of my time), and also look right at home in the shop or running around after work. The only down side, so far, is that the leather around the ankle and on the tongue is very "grippy" and my foot doesn't slide in or out as easily as I would like.
This sandal is very cute, but it runs narrow and smaller, I have narrow feet and it is a little tight on. Also If this was a tennis shoe I would need a 8.5 instead of an 8, I wear an 8 but it fits like a 7.5. I wouldn't buy this bran again unless they had half sizes. But I'm keeping it because they are super cute.
Exactly what it claims to be.
I loved this glasses so.much because it had good quality lenses but I hate that the gold is fake and if it gets wet it takes off.
I ordered a UK 4 which is the same size as another pair of docs I own and they were huge! I was planning on returning them for a UK 3 but the price jumped $40+. The leather was nice and soft and the zipper seemed sturdy.
The sneakers us good and comfortable. The only problem I have is that is slightly too big.
The shoes were a little small but are still comfortable and and have a nice appearance. I would recommend going up a 1/2 size if you're going to order these.
For outside work on trees etc.
I use these for bootcamp workouts and runs about 4-5 miles long. I have problems with pain in the bottom of my foot so I have had to wear orthotics even with the expensive Hoka running shoes. I have not felt any problems yet in these. They feel great. I am VERY impressed. I agree that they run small. I went a half size bigger to an 8 as recommended. Thought they might be a little big when I got them, but after trying the 7 1/2 to compare, my toes would have definitely not had enough room at my normal size.
Durable and shine great. Not best boot to be in for 12 hours
Great clutch bag for wedding. Big enough to hold everything I needed.
The bag was just the right size for books and a lap top. The construction was sturdy and well made. It made an excellant gift for our graduate
I use them for work shoes. This is my second pair, the first pair wore out at the toe. I've never had a shoe ware out there.
Just what I said in my headline.
just wish it was a little bigger to tight when i use all the zippers
They are a bit loose. The toe kept slipping off when she kicked around, so I'll have to make some alterations. Other than that, very nice colors.
I purchased this because of the RFID. It is too small to be a purse, yet too bulky to wear under coat/sweater simply for safety of certain items/cash. It's an in-between item. Well made and durable.
Love the idea of these soundtracks but fit a bit tight, hoping they will stretch out with wear. Love the look.
These are comfy shoes for work - I got them in black and wear them with black trouser socks, although I do think the rounded toe makes them look childish. But then they ARE ballet flats, so that's on me. I wish I'd ordered one size DOWN as they slip on my heels, but you can't beat them for lightweight comfort otherwise.
You get what you buy. Very cute and worth it! The adjusting strings for tightening the boots are trash though.
So far the shoes are great, my toddler loves them. Easy to get on/off, easy to clean. The lower star rating is because the first size I ordered - my son's actual shoe size - was definitely too small. Thankfully Amazon exchanged them quickly and easily with no issue. But I suggest ordering a size larger than your child wears.
They smell like plastic but they are nice
I like the lightweight, crossbody and sparkly purse.
A but wide but fit feels good
Beautiful and classy
Nice shoes that serve their purpose. I dont like that their is a separate food pad at the bottom that slides out whenever i remove the shoes. Would have preferred just a single shoe if that makes sense.
I wear them for doing massage. They are very light weight and comfortable. Maybe a hair too small but they are great for the price
The purse could have been a little larger. But basically like it.
Super comfortable. great for walking and washes off.
These were comfortable and true to size. They kept my feet dry and warm in the rain. The only thing, is they have a weird smell that doesn't go away.
They cute but a bit big. Nice with coat
I went up a size and a half from my daughter's regular shoe size, and they fit great with just a little room to grow.
Required a wider more comfortable shoe for diabetic foot edema. A good choice for a wear-every-day shoe.
As pictured, but very large on a slim face. I also don't care too much for the straight design. They don't wrap around the face- not even a little. But, I did keep them bc they are still really cute.
Fit well, very light and comfy! Nice touch over the ball. Only bad point is the left shoe ripped pretty fast.
I had a pair like this for a year that were very comfortable, needed no working in. Unfortunately my puppy chewed them. So I got these to replace them. A bit tight in toe area. But otherwise fine.
My husband loved them
nice product, durable fits as expected.
Be aware that if you have plantar fasciitis you will need inserts. While it has a cushiony insole, it does not have the all-important negative heel cup. Also, don't plan on the tread lasting all that long. I wore them less than a week, and there is already visible wear on the tread. I have had Skechers before, and I expected that. I bought mine for a trip, and expect to toss them shortly thereafter. However, I added inserts that work for me, and they are pretty comfortable and will serve my purpose. I liked the color and other than the tread am pleased with the quality.
Very nice slippers. They fit well, and are nice and warm, with good quality materials.
I loved these shoes. They just a little tight around my ankles and they rub the side of my big toes .. I wore them around my house to break them in some, but others than that they are very pretty and the heel is comfortable to walk in. I don't wear heels to often but these are comfortable.. I will order more in different colors
Good quality and nice size. Smells funny at first- I had to let mine air out.
Ordered for my BF he wears these all the time for work. They came and they were black suede not smooth leather. He wore them and is keeping them because he thought I ordered wrong, but I did not, even went back and looked at the picture and description. Don't know how to prevent this in the future when I reorder for him. I guess as long as he is happy so am I.
They are exactly what I expected and good price
Love these flip flops!, The little "bumpers" take some getting use to but once you do, it's a great feeling of a massage while walking. Great for fatigued feet and legs. They're also very cute with the earth sole! I would suggest sizing up because they are narrow.
We have been looking for shower sandals like these for awhile. In stores they are more expensive but I found these on Amazon and he is very happy with them.
Comfortable and cute. Well constructed.
These are really cute boots. They run about a half size too big. I put an insole in and they still move around but I manage.
The lens is more orange than red. Overall the glasses feel a little flimsy but for the price I can't complain too much. The case that comes with it is ok but mine is almost too tight to fit the glasses. I would have liked to get a lens cloth too.
I love these for their warmth and the waterproof, they are solid. I have been wearing them everyday for months, no signs of wear. The only problem I have with them is the hooks at the top for the lace. I caught myself a couple times and fell flat on the ground. I prefer holes for the lace all the way to the top.
These are too cute and they look good with shorts. Something to just kick around in!.
I use it to organise my bag of tricks. As a semi-professional magician i have prop bag that needed some organisation. This fit the bill perfectly.
good shoe with good support
Four stars only because the lights did not align with the eyeballs. Fit well, the kids love them and want a pair themselves.
They fit great but I only gave them four stars because they started to come apart already in two spots. They should last for a year or so but I expected a little better
Very cute and stylish. Sizing was a bit off. The smallest size was way too big for my 3 month old.
The boots are working fine and doing there job. Like all rubber work boots they make your feet sweat, but that's to be expected. A very good deal for boots I needed around all of the water.
While these are lighter in weight and substance than Crocs, they fit well (not super wide like Crocs) - the width is a good size - not too narrow, not too wide. I don't feel like I have "cartoon character" feet wearing these, like I do with Crocs.
Comfortable sole, but for people with wide feet, a bit snug on the sides.
Great fit took a size up and was happy
I love my slides fits true to size Got Deleon time I love the massage I get from wearing it , very comfortable
Well they have sharp edges that scratch and there is a reflection that hits the inside of the glasses. Probably because of shape. Wore a couple times. Now not at all. Don't care for them. Should have bought ray ban or oakley.
Lenses are good for price but not great. Frames are really good.
the boots a very nice boy has a wide foot this is a Christmas present so don't know how they will work yet
I like it except it is maybe a half an inch too short. Cash doesn't fit the length, but I don't carry much, so I make it work.
Look great, much thicker and heavier material than expected for the price. Inside seams began to rip after only a few weeks but still overall great quality for the price
Other than that the slides are great
Nice looking and good quality (so far). Bought for someone in the US who normally wears a men's size 10. Had to return the 10 for a 12 and it was still a bit snug (...hence the company name...???).
I like the product the only thing I don't like it is the sizes don't represent what they said is too large
Soft and easy to wear. They possibly won't hold up well as I wear slippers most of the time. That said, I'll likely order more.
Pretty nifty. I used an expander without this spray, and the results were modest at best. With the spray it totally loosened up more. My only beef - is the numbing/odd sensation you get on your fingers from the spray. I'm not sure I'd spray it in a shoe and just wear it. I'd definitely wipe it completely dry before wearing, but that's just me.
Very happy with the boots. Good quality.
I wish the boots were a tad taller but otherwise they fit perfect, they're warm, water resistant, and sturdy!
Shoe has no tongue/ lip, I have to use shoe horn to put the shoes. They are lite weight and comfortable great.
These are super comfortable and cute! I love it! My only issue is that the fake leather is a little noisy when you walk and move you're feet.
I was looking for a slip on boat style shoe. These are very comfortable.The uppers are real leather. The soles are a man made material which is very soft. They feel more like bedroom slippers than shoes. But for $20.00 bucks, not a bad deal.
Wish it was a little smaller
Cute flip flops but the sole design will start to rub off after only a few wears.
I like that this come up higher especially for the colder months. The grips at the bottom are also steady and keeps my one year old from falling over.
A little snug around your foot, they do not have wide sizes. But overall okay, I can wear them.
Perfect glasses at a great price. I needed multiple pairs to have around the house and these do not disappoint!
I like these shoes, comfortable and lightweight
It was perfect he loved it
I ordered these for myself. Suitable size for a woman also. Good quality for the price without paying $200+ for Rayban or Costa Del Mar.
fit good look good. cant beat the price.
These boots kind of resemble the UGGs. I wore them to work but I had to place soles in them to make them more comfortable. They look pretty cool. They come with laces. I don't know why some reviews say that they don't because mine came with laces. Although the instructions were kinda hazy on how to put in the laces.
They're narrow for a wide shoe.
Are you received just order a size bigger if I feel the shoe is not going to be wide enough. But at first I ordered a size bigger and it was too long and wouldn't even stay on my foot the heel would fall off as as walking. I ordered one size smaller and all their way too narrow but the length was right. The shoe itself is very cute and should not lose any value but just not the greatest for someone who has what her feet
Only complaint is they are a little flimsy
Other than the inserts slipping a bit, these shoes are perfect!!
I have been wearing these now for 3 months. They work as advertised. Only complaint is the width from hinge too hinge is too narrow. The ear pieces are quite sturdy so they squeeze at the cheekbone area. I have worn cheaters for 16yrs and this is the first time I have had a fit issue so I don't think my facial geometry is unusually wide. I love the design concept and will try to find another brand that fits better
Very comfortable with great fit. I am type 2 diabetic and recommend this shoe for minor nerve pain on my feet.
I ordered these after seeing my son using/recommending them. I really enjoy being able to slip my shoes on and off with ease. I like that they look like actual cloth laces but I had a little trouble figuring out how to install the laces using option 1 even after watching the video), but eventually I figured out a way to make them work and lie flat. Would definitely order more in future.
Liked everything about this product except for the tiny magnet on the front flap. It's hard to keep it closed.
I bought these because I have a hard time with glare of the lights when I drive at night. It seems to do okay
Love this diaper bag. Just the right size to fit all of the essentials without feeling like I'm carrying a huge backpack and over filling with things I don't need. I carry diapers for 2 littles, wipes, a nursing cover, wallet, phone, sunglasses, and an extra baby outfit easily without over stuffing.
These insoles do provide nice arch support, but they run short. I bought the 9.5 size for my 9.5 shoes and they are 1/2” too short. Order a size up!
I'm a size 6.5 to 7 and have narrow feet. Based off reviews, I ordered a 6. This literally fits my foot perfectly in that if it were any smaller it would not work! I ordered a 7 as well and the ankle straps are too big and the shoe is kind of floppy. The shoe is very comfy and I can see why people said they could wear the shoes all day. I just wish the shoe was a tad wider
I ordered a size 8 and it fitted true to size. The shoe is cute and very light. The rubber soles are nice for walking around the office. It has minimal cushion support, I suggest getting an insert if you plan on being on your feet for a couple hours.
Lace style needs improvement
Definitely runs small. Had to return the first pair but the size bigger fits fine
The slippers were purchased for my husband. The only thing I can say about them is that he remarked on a tight fit with socks on, but most new slippers are going to require a bit of lining conformity. These are nice looking house slippers and he seems to be pleased.
I am please that the sun glasses perform as advertised. Although they are less expensive than some well known brands, they provide the protection and style that feels like the designer brands. Affordable pricing and the quality is good.
It's like, bulky but other than that it's a good shoe. Very comfy. I love how they are so comfy. May buy more. My husband wants some. I like them, just wish they were a little more lean and not so, bulky looking.
I bought these because I read they are supposed to be good for plantar fasciitis. My feet still hurt but not as bad & I took out the insole & put a Dr Scholl's for PF in them. I just don't like how wide they look at the toe area. By no means a cute shoe but didn't expect them to be since they are rubber Crocs. I just so need pain relief! I think no matter what shoe I wear I'm still going to have pain. Never ever take your feet for granted.
Good product wish it had fit a little more snug
These are my favorite pair of shoes as far as how they look. However, I have other Adidas shoes in men's size 8.5, ordered a size 9 in these, as suggested in other reviews, and they are still very narrow compared to my other Adidas shoes. I stretched them and that helped, but I probably should've ordered a 9.5.
Fits well and is very comfortable.
Slippers fit a bit tight at first, but I know they will stretch out in time. Toes felt cramped with socks on so best to wear with no socks until they stretch out a bit.
Works well for all of my purses
I didn't think the heel was that high, I can't wear them but they are nice
I use them strictly for walking every morning so it's a bit too early for an honest review. So far so good. Good fit and all.
Nice thick memory foam insole. Welcome comfort after spending the day walking and standing on a concrete floor. The reason for 4 stars is that the memory foam flattens quickly. I had hoped it would hold up better when I saw how thick it was. Unfortunately that is the problem with memory foam insoles.
Great shoe. Received many compliments. I wore to a wedding. After a couple of hours though my feet hurt. That is expected in most heels. However, great shoe and heel just right for anyone who likes a mid heel. Not too high or low for an evening dress. Hope this was helpful.
I had no arch on the left foot and wear orthotics so they work really well..I'm adding gel bottoms to take up some extra space!
I've had several vera Bradley wallets and purses in the past. I like them b/c they tend to hold up well and if you are careful you can wash them. My last wallet I had for 2 years but unfortunately it was stolen. :( When I saw this one, I was excited b/c I prefer a zippered wallet with the change slot inside. I also like having one spot for the ID and a separate spot for credit cards. This one is not exactly what I wanted but since I was trying to replace my other, it was pretty great option. I hope this one lasts as long as the others! And it was a great price at $24!
Glasses are cute, they do make everything you are looking at have a blue hue. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is they are very small. I have a small face so I thought buying small aviators would work well but these are very small. I will probably give them to my 9 yr old daughter.
This product was not white cotton canvas but cotton white eyelet, I like them anyway.
Fit fine length wise my feet are to fat for them..l
The color was lighter i predicted. Other than that great for and style!
Really like the look just wish it had better straps.
Maybe it's my feet, but these seem to have more space between the strap and my foot than is comfortable for long walks.
Excellent product. The box is sturdy enough to keep it inside my pocket with keys and small change. I had used those a few years back; they made some improvements. For people with large hands, it is hard not to put your fingers on the glass while trying to open them. The part that goes over the ear is straight, so the glasses have to be a little tight against the head to keep them in place.
I purchased these shoes as they were very highly rated for obstacle course racing and were a reasonable price too. I used them for a very sloppy Super Spartan race. They have some forward and backward facing grooves which help keep your traction in slippery situations without being full-on cleats. They have a comfortable shell and nice squishy inserts for your feet. My only negative feedback is that they're a bit loose and lacking support even when they're laced up tight. I use them for ultimate frisbee & football and have found that I don't have good control for quick stops, turns and movements. I've rolled halfway rolled my ankle a few times because of it. Overall, they're a good shoes for obstacle course racing and a great value at that.
Perfect to read small print. Handy to have around.
I like the look and feel, but they are to small not a true Size 9
Wish they were a bit lighter too heavy for house shoes. Super comfortable tho.
Very nice boot and confi
I like the way they looked.
The handbag is lightweights,but the product was missing the shoulders strap .
They were new for about a week, then scratched. lol. They aren't as good as the originals.
Fits as expected but the heal is just a little high for my likes. I was made aware of this at purchase and am OK with it but would have preferred a normal hight heel.
I would have given this a five they are beautiful well made shoe just not sure what I can do to make them fit me better. I should have gone with a 9.5. I am walking out of them. The run a bit too large I would order half size down.
Pretty bag took away 1 point the front pocket is messed up sewn crooked .... N can only put cell phone inside.
I really liked how it enables full arch support and its cushioning! So comfortable. You should get it if you are working in a position that requires you to stand all day. On top of it it is antimicrobial which is really important for your feet health. My one problem was with the size. I bought M, since I usually wear 7.5 but, they run big for my shoe. I feel like a smaller size would have been better for me. other than that It is good !
They are very comfortable.
cute brought for my baby nephew
Warm and dry. Good fit around ankle for support.
I had to return the first pair I ordered and order the next size up. Only shoe I ever had to order size 10 - all my other shoes/boots have been / still are size 9 1/2. Other than that, I found these to be quite comfortable, although the toe box is just a bit tight if I wear my thicker socks. I have found I can wear these all day when traveling (e.g. taking moderate walking tours on vacation). Note: I am NOT a hiking enthusiast, so I suspect serious hikers would chose something else.
This shoe is a little too big but I like it
As usual my Clark's are comfort and quality. I can order a size 8 and I know they will fit. Never a problem
They fit my wife perfect and she loves them
These shoes fit like a glove! The only discomfort is the instep is somewhat close. However I could live with it. I really like the fit of Asics all the way!!
Comfy slippers for the price
Look a little long,but feel comfortable.
I love it. 4 stars because part of the stitching was not attached where it should be. Other than that, perfect.
Became my most wore pair of shoes very quick. Maybe I do too much, but I wish they were a lil tougher because I ran through my pair prett quick. But I definitely love these! Well worth the buy.
Love the water shoes just wish I got a size bigger!
I have side 12 feet, but still wearable and nice
These sunglasses are so cute...
It's a quite long than the common 10 size but in general are a good pair of shoes
I purchased this for my mother and she liked it
Love the style, don't like that they break easily and lens are easily scratch. Not worth the money, but i'm Addicted to them. Wear on head and they don't hurt
I am a real sketchers fan, I have a number of pairs and I like each and every one. The "wide-fit" are my favorite. This pair are very comfortable, once you get them on your feet, The are slip-ons with elastic in the laces that gives you a little give on the top of your foot. I hope they will loosen up a little once I have worn them for a while. I would recommend Sketchers to a friend.
This clutch was the perfect size to hold a Samsung S7 phone with case, a small wallet for cash and cards, and a pack of tissues. The chain strap broke within an hour of me using it but I used it as a clutch for the rest of the night.
Cute shoes. Quality is as expected for the price.
Sizes run very small. I take a 12 in everything and even their 13 is too narrow. I would order 2 sizes higher than you normally buy.
The strap on the back didn't sow on properly it was falling off
They fit but they were to high.
So far these are great, sure helpful for my lazy kids, so we can get out the door and arrive on time. Kids love the colors too.
So pretty. Will recommend this . Very nice quality
Perfect for around the house. Must wear with thick socks tho because they feel like tiny needles without socks.
Great shoe just a little small for the size I order.
These are very attractive, affordable and extremely comfortable!
I like these shoes because they fit very well, and go with a lot of things
I was skeptical buying footwear online but I've stayed true to timberland pro series and these are a great summer boot if you have to have safety toe at work! The tounge is super thin like some said but doesn't bother me. I would recommend these for sure and they come with ant-fatigue inserts so you don't have to buy they!
The pads help and I appreciate them!
Love the bag. Seems weel made. im a fan of it being burgundy on the inside. feels authentic. the chain is just alittle to long for my liking. but i love it
I really love these sneakers. They fit great, look like real converse and are a great price. My only disappointment is a bunch of the eyelets for the laces have come unattached
I love the way these look (just as pictured). They do tend to bend in the back when you walk so you will definitely have creases back there. They have the “fur” lining all inside (not just the top). I normally wear a 7.5 but I ordered size 8 and they fit perfect. Definitely order up!
These worked great! I used them with a leather conditioner, but, The knobs did overstretch my shoes where they allied pressure. Just be careful using the knobs!!
As expected, very pleased
These are amazing for the price. I have a pair of blenders that cost 3 times as much as these and are almost exactly the same. I deducted one star because the do get a glare on the lens at times. But you really can't get better for the price.
They fit well and are comfortable. Wore them during a eight hour shift to test them out, and my feet did not hurt. The bottoms are good and hopefully will be good during slippery weather. Haven't had the chance to wear them in the rain yet. Overall, I like them a lot and look forward to wearing them in winter weather.
the very soft and fuzzy inside slips around a little bit, but the fit is good and they are very comfortable.
Nice fit and seems to be helping my instep issues
I bought these recently for my 9 year old son to use while playing baseball. I didn't want to pay $40.00 or more for child sunglasses at DICKS Sporting. These do the job, and you can't beat the price! Plus, they look super cool on!
Box was a little "rough around the edges", but product was flawless. Would recommend.
I really like them but the sides of your eyes so sunlight and wind gets in but overall they're cool
The shoes are sturdy ad looks nice and is exact fit. Came in nice bag :)
Daughter loves them.
These are more comfortable than I expected. They are a little big at the top but the length is fine, so I wouldn't get another size. These took a few weeks to arrive and I was surprised that they shipped straight from China.
The material is a little stiff but I probably just have to break them in.
I like these sandals but my foot is narrow, the only resin I can wear them is because of the vecro straps, I can only wear the ones that have a toe strap, if you gave me a little more room on the Velcro it would help.
They are Docs. They are great. I look forward to the years these will last me.
The shoes are very comfortable in terms or cushion and support, but are very narrow. If you have wide feet, size up.
Little more snug than I expected. They're comfy as hell though. Just get a half size up if you can. Otherwise, great slippers.
Wife loved this as a surprise anniversary gift.
Slightly larger than I thought but love it, nonetheless. The quality is great, I love how spacious the inside is. I do wish the inside pocket was a bit more functional maybe the pocket needs some structure.
While wider than I expected they will be perfect for a short cruise and pattern quite fun.
The fit has been perfect and the shoes work for the more casual dress code at work
Decent fit. True to size. Pretty comfortable overall with no ankle or foot rubbing.
These shoes are super cute and comfy. However I recommend sizing down 1/2 a size at least.
I like these sneakers they are just what I wanted! A little big but I can never get any perfect so I'm happy with these! Thank you Catherine Adams
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my mother. Not exactly the style I was looking for, the ones she would have liked most were not available in a size large enough for her. But these will get the job done and last and last a good while..
They are very comfortable on me. I get so many compliments. It's very soft on top like a satin and cotten sock feel. The downfall is you can stub your toe easier if your not careful with step. The other downfall is....after prolonged wear like 3 hours or more...it starts to get really tight like a rubbery feel but it goes away once you take them off and start over. : ) Overall I would recommend it to someone else for multiple uses for only 1 summer.
These are good quality boat shoes. However, here are two tips: 1) they run about half a size too large, so I ordered a 10 instead of my usual 10.5, and 2) they're MUCH more comfortable if you add a standard cushion insert -- about $7 at stores like WalMart.
I like the look of these. For the price I wasn't expecting much & they met my expectations. Fit just a bit snug but not too much to go the next size up.
The flamingo rain boots are adorable. As soon as I saw them, I had to purchase them. Anyone purchasing should know they run a bit large. I ordered a size 6 (which is my normal size) and even with multiple pairs of socks, they slip at the heels when walking. A smaller size would please me. But 6 is the smallest. Anyway, I am going to deal with that slight aggravation because they are too cute to send back!
They are bigger than expected but the wife is happy.
first i bought maroon/red and now i bought the Blue/grey. which is a beautiful grey with a sent of blue.color and the leather was better than expected. i hope it wears well.
they are comfortable and I like them, but the sandals make a squeaking noise sometimes when damp or wet
The drawstring is difficult to close up but great quality.
Love this bag, I use it everyday. Its big enough for my class books and it's cute enough to wear out in the evening. Only issue I had is the longer side carry strap had broke after like two uses. Otherwise I love .
The glasses are great for the price. The frames are a bit flimsy, but thats partly a result of the small size and partly a result of the low cost, so I can't complain. The cases are surprisingly nice and both come with a micro fiber cloth to keep in them which is a nice touch. I got these to keep next to each PC I use regularly (home and work) for when I dont have my more expensive prescription glasses with me. Happy with the purchase!
I really like these boots. Gorgeous blue color! My only complaint is the foot of the boot is rather hard and can be a little hard on the feet. I put in some soft soles to help.
bought for my dad. soles can be slick for him with a walker. he roughed them up with sandpaper
These are really cute, they are pretty narrow though. Thankfully, they did loosen up after a couple of wears.
This was a gift and the person loved it
A gift for my daughter she will love this she always uses these little cross body bags when she's out and about and Black goes with anything
I have only worn these once so far, but they are comfortable and I like the adjustability
These sneakers are very comfortable so lightweight just what I was looking for.My mistake I order size10 should have ordered 10 and a half.
I like the arch support built into the shoe. Much better than flip flops. The price is right considering I will get more than 1 summer out of this shoe.
These would be better without the buckle accents at the top - they aren't necessary and interfere with the smooth line of the boot.
Very comfortable, I ordered half size large just in case and it felt one whole size larger.
Well constructed shoe. Feels pretty nice on my feet. I would never try to RUN in them as I have wimpy feet and these aren't well enough cushioned for my needs. But for work shoes, and an occasional hike, these will do well.
A bit bigger than expected but comfortable
Mom likes them but the run small, I had to swap them
I liked them but I should have bought the next size up.
Nice and roomy. Nicely made
This is a very nice bag. It has plenty of compartments to store everything and yet it still has a trim profile. I would have given it five stars, except there is one pocket that gaps open a little and the rust colored lining shows, and it would have been nice to have a snap to hold it closed.
Great gift for my husband! He loves them! Great for everyday wear indoors or out.
Shoes were very nice just order the next size up
This backpack is my second bag used for baby stuff and I do prefer it over my first one. The way the zipper works on the large compartment is much more useful then my other backpack that unzipped at the top. The major missing component for me is that it doesn't have a drink holder on the outside.
Sturdy slides for short outdoor trips, would not recommend long walks or all day wear since they have no support.
Beautiful shoes but small...
I bought these to protect my little ones feet as she was still crawling but loved to play outside. She soon started walking and wear these a lot. I save only 4 stars because the leather on thr toe quickly showed wear as little ones tend to drag their toes a lot ad they walk. These are easy to put on and take off and comfortable for her in these summer months. Soon we'll be buying some "real shoes" as cooler weather approaches.
Like. I little big around the ankle but fits good everywhere else.
I measured before buying. It was still 2 sizes larger.
I don't get to buy $20 shoes at all.... These Rocket Dogs are easy to wear - but I did notice my foot sweating a little under the flowers (hmmm). I wanted a high platform casual shoe, and that's what I got. Would have put 5 stars up but I wasn't a fan of the sequence on the flowers. Had no idea I bought that - I thought they were just white flowers. I'll wear them at home, and use them as slippers.
These are so cute! I love them and the length was good, but the straps were too loose and my foot slid around in the shoe.
toe loop is a little tight, hoping it will stretch out slightly. Other than that very comfortable, wore them all day the first day I had them, they have great support.
These run very small. My daughter wears a 7.5, I ordered her an 8 to give added room and they were too small. I returned and reordered a 9, they fit. Very nice shoes.
Makes you feel like the coolest cat around
Love them. Cute, comfy.. just wish they wete delivered when promised...not a week late.
These boot run a little large on the size 10w. I would buy again just as a 9.5 or even a 9
They appear to be cheap at first, but then when I wore them and walked a lot around Chicago, I realized for the price these shoes got the job done. I wore hiking socks with them and I never felt any wind, nor did my feet ever feel cold. Only gripe is that where the product comes together at the very back behind the heel, there is a lump that pushed against the back of my ankle that made it a little tinder after a while.
They are cute and comfortable. Be aware, there is no support. Light weight, I would buy again.
These are nice booties for the price.
Initially, these slippers felt a bit stiff, but were still comfortable. After walking around in them for a while, the memory foam created an impression of my foot. The impression seems to make a custom fit. If you accidentally put the slippers on the wrong feet, the foot padding feels stiff and bumpy. I might purchase them again, but I prefer a memory foam that's a little more fluffy.
These came nicely packaged. They have the heel pads and ball of the foot pads included in the box, in case you need more cushion. Unfortunately, the peep toe part that hits the top of the big toe is very stiff and the seam is prominent so the pressure when standing makes the top of my big toes hurt so I will be returning them.
My son loves these! the snap on the glasses case broke the day we got it which bummed us out
Shoe are noisy when walking. Sound clunky. Hoping they just need to be broken in. Comfortable & seems to be made well .
I think most shoes like these are a little tight but I got these for my step daughter to use for her theater classes and she said they were tight but did the job.
These are so much fun! They look just like the photos, are very responsive to sound and I've already recommended to several of my friends. The only reasons I did not give them 5 stars is they aren't the most comfortable (prepare to buy insoles, possibly buy a size up) and the switch isn't in the most convenient location. Besides those things, these shoes are fantastic. :)
These are great shoes for distance training but for the first time EVER with Brooks they do not fit true to size. I am generally a 9.5 in women's but have for no less than 20 different varieties and pairs of Brooks running shoes worn a 10. This shoe swallows my feet so much so that my kid could ride in the back of them. I cannot believe that this is normal for my favorite running shoe company. Perhaps I got a mislabeled pair. That seems highly unlikely but I can think of no other explanation.
I just got the bag yesterday. I wasn't expecting it to hold my laptop + case, but it did so I carried it to work this morning. It looks like I'll be able to use it for more casual days to work and also to hold all of the stuff I tote around for my kids. I love all of the pockets and the amount of space! I did have to adjust one of the metal prongs holding the straps in place this morning. I'm not sure how sturdy they will be over the long run, but it is a convenient bag for now! Great!
These slippers are great! Make sure to order one full size bigger for a proper fit though!
Bought to take along as a daiper bag. But am using it as an emergency bag for my car. Have not tested the charger. Thought that it came with an actual portable charger but no it does not. Which is ok. Seems sturdy.
It is a birthday gift.
Not as confortable as expected for a pair of ASICS
Overall, these are comfortable. The heel is a good height and feels very stable. The straps are attractive, and keep your foot from sliding too far forward in the shoe, keeping my toes from getting crunched. The cut of the toe of the shoe is a little odd though, and the edges cut into the sides of my foot a bit. Unfortunately, the place that is uncomfortable is a place that moleskin can't help.
From the reviews, I thought they would be a bit loose but they were the opposite. They're snug and comfortable. My fiance doesn't think they're very stylish but with the right jeans, I know I can make them work. I really wanted them for walking and exercise anyways. The bottoms were a bit dirty but the rest looks clean and new. Not sure what's up with that. Overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase.
It is very cute and very well made. The faux fur is really soft and very pleasing to the eye. My only reason for 4 stars is the size. It is a bit smaller than the bags I usually carry, otherwise nice product.
This product is well made, the only bad thing about it is that is does not close because the drawstrings do not cinch the bag shut.
Not a super tight fit, I have to wear socks with them
Larger than I expected, but in a good way. Great color!
They fit a bit tight but still pretty comfortable
Got it a half size larger than normal and had to go another full size up. Wow.
Comfy like what I expect from Crocs shoes--can easily wear for 4-6 hours. But as they day goes on & my feet expand, the strap closest to the front of the shoe starts digging into my pinky toes. Nice neutral color--was not gold bling bling sparkle so it matches well with my summer dresses, cargo pants & jeans. Easy to clean/rinse since I wore them on the beach. I have ankle issues so all of the straps & backing on this shoe provided some support to where my ankle didn't swell to much at the end of the day.
they really pretty and really comfortable
Will buy these again
The slippers seem to be well made but the straps are too loose for my narrow foot. The arch support is great and it's comfortable to stand in. I don't think I can wear unisex slippers but it's a great alternative to the other more expensive orthotic slippers for a slightly bigger foot.
These are amazing! For the cost even better. They arrived and we've just been playing outside and swimming with them. They protect her feet from the hot pavement and stay on while in the pool. The only negative would be the soles move so I had to take a star for that. Otherwise I'd buy again and again. I'll see how they hold up as we have a beach trip coming up. Overall def worth the price!
These seem to be good quality--I just wanted a tighter boot. My calves are normal sized, and these were not skin tight, which is what I was looking for.
Love this item. Very comfortable to wear.
Size of bag was good and the color is eye catching.
Runs a bit on the smaller side. I wear adidas Stan Smith, Nike air max, ASICS size 8 and my toes felt pretty cramped; since the material is cloth, thought it would stretch over time.... after a few months it did, but can't wear thick socks or it's too tight. Recommend ordering half a size up
Had to return them for being too small.
We love these boots. Only giving 4 stars because the zippers do slide down just a little as my daughter wears them
This wallet is awesome. The zipper works great, doesn't catch. The leather is soft and is durable so far. The only thing I dont like is that it's difficult to get my ID out of the card slot.
i wear them all the time very comfortable and fit just right
I love these slippers, have been ordering and wearing for many years. Unfortunately, I wear a size 8 shoe so I ordered the med slipper which is 7/8 and it crams my toes. Had to return and get the large, which are 9/10 and they are a bit too big so I put some heel pads in them so they wouldn't slip off.
Already had one pair to break. But while using enjoyed the pair and still have the other three to use.
There is an inner lining that comes out and kind of difficult to get back in, otherwise great for the pool.
Feels like its made of cheap plastic but gets the job done. Toggle button feels cheap as well but seems to work every time. Boots are always dry in the morning.
Quality isn't the best but you get what you pay for i guess. I love them for my son. However they run big i would suggest a size down. Lets see how long they last.
These are really nice desert boots but too wide at the ankle for my husband :-(
It's very light and comfortable
Great style and inexpensive but isn't made to last and I'm already having problems with the inside seams after less than 60 days of light use. I still have this 4 stars because you get what you expect for this price.
My first impression I have is they are very stiff. The synthetic soles seems to be very aggressive for basically an everyday walking shoe. They have ridges that look like they will fail after a short period walking on hard surfaces. When I put them on they fit very well. They are stiff but will hopefully loosen up after wearing for awhile. I wish the sole was rubber. My biggest concern will be the durability of the sole. I think they will be nice shoes. Time will tell.
Not too bad a shoe. Wore them in the lake and they worked great.
I love these boots! These have been my go to winter boot. But this is my second winter wearing them and even last year my toes would get cold after an hour outside. They are also no longer water proof. I would not suggest wearing these if you plan to be outside for over an hour if in deep snow. Otherwise they are comfy and nice when not submerged in snow/water.
They are great! Husband loves them.
My nearly 50 year old daughter says give them four stars.
This bag is really cute and looks exactly like the picture but it smelled a little bit when I first received it. But the smell went after I kept the bag outside for a day.
Very cute but the fit is for skinny,narrow feet and as for the length,the do run a bit small.
Great product for the price! I've had several friends purchase them as well in other colors. They are very comfortable and stylish. Good for men and women!
Good quality product. They fit my Redwing Iron Rangers (size 7.5 men's USA) a little loosely in the vamp, but that can be remedied with newspaper or something else moisture absorbing
Wore these for a wedding I was in. Didn't have time to wear them beforehand so I ended up with blisters. But they looked great and I got lots of compliments.
Boots and original box sticker had the same size printed on both of them (what the boots really were). For some reason someone in the warehouse somewhere put a different size sticker on the box next to the original one that they must've picked the boots by. The sticker new sticker had the size I wanted however it didn't magically make the boots grow 2 sizes. Needless to say I couldn't even get the boots on my feet. Sent them back for a different brand. These did seem like nice boots though of good quality. Maybe I'll try again in a few years.
I wear a size 8 1/2 so I got a 9 because there was no 1/2 sizes. they are a tad too big. which I think will stretch more with wearing, I just wanted someone to know that is also buying these.
Like the shoes. I bought them for work. Nice arch support. I like the Saucony brand better though. This is a close second.
They fit very well, are very comfortable and look good:)
Needed these for golf shoes; local stores didn't have them
Nice purse for formal occasions.
Great, beautiful, ethically sourced pair of shoe. It's elegance lies in its simplicity
I am size 6.5 so I ordered 6-7 size and it fitted me perfectly. These shoes are very comfortable that I want to wear them while going out too. Perfect shoes to prevent feets from cold.
I love the shoes - they are super comfortable. I ordered a size 8 Wide (which I sometimes wear along with size 8) because they didn't have size 8 and it is a little too big, but I'm going to keep them since I already wore them.
Had some dents and didn't come with the smiley face charm. None of the metal details were wrapped. Kinda felt like it was probably returned and reordered by me, which is fine but at least re wrap everything so it doesn't get scuffed. But for the money it's a nice bag. Bigger then I thought it would be. Great value
Gave them as a gift. Turns out, She loves them!!!
Nice material. Soft and the color is dark.
I was hesitant about the quality of this product and if it would fit my girls. To my surprise, it was perfect. My only gripe is that the ribbons do not stay up like they are supposed to (or maybe I just do not know how to properly tie them). My girls enjoy playing pretend and dress up with these on. I love watching their faces light up as they pretend to be ballerinas while watching their favorite shows. Great buy!!
I had ordered a pair of the same sandals off an add on facebook. It took forever to get them and I got an order saying they shipped the wrong size, so I had my credit card company stop payment on them. Then I ordered the Soda's off of Amazon. I was supposed to receive them today. It turns out, I got both pairs today. I had tracking on my original pair and it said they had stopped the shipping, so I didn't think I was receiving them. The Soda's were MUCH higher quality and they were the name brand of Soda. So I apologize for the bad review earlier today.
Smaller than what it appears to be on the picture.
Cute and even more comfortable than expected. Nice quality.
It comes very fast, but little bit large than I expected.
Nice bag, but smaller than expected. Can't hold too much in there. I had to buy a smaller wallet to fit everything in there
I really wish that these shoes fit as expected. They are adorable and would have complemented my Victorian costume extremely well. Unfortunately, the EU 43 (which should be a US 11) were more like a US 9.5.
Very comfortable (great for long shifts where I need to be standing) I believe there were reviews saying to order half a size up, but I would say these were true to size, now my flats are half a size too big
These are very comfortable shoes but are about a half size larger than normal. I typically wear 10-10.5 and even the size 10 of these is still kind of big. My heel still slides up and down on these a little bit even when they are fully tied as tight as possible but they are too worn to return or exchange so I decided to just keep them.
Perfect fit and they are very comfortable!
For indoor use only . Gravel collects around foot too much to be useful outdoors in the Desert. Insole becomes a little sticky after a few hours. Wool insole lining would be better.
I bought this for my 12-year-old niece for Christmas. She has to have purses to carry her cystic fibrosis medicine. I wish it was a little bigger, but it is super cute. It would work as a woman's clutch as well as for a tween.
Very soft and good Quality
So far I like them but not sure how long they will last. The price was good, tho, so wont cry if they dont last a long time.
My daughter recommended this show. I like it in most respects and have worn it for months, now. However, it does fit rather too snugly in the toe box area, for my bunion area. It seems to be wearing very well. However, New Balance's wide toe box is better for my feet.
Normally I wear a 6.5 but not in this brand so I ordered a size 7 I love these boots so I hope they work!
I like these boots because I have wide calf and they fit well. The only thing I don't like about them is they feel very cheap however, I'm keeping them and will probably look for a nicer pair.
These are very good quality, and the arch support is good for my old feet. However, the heel is a bit loose for my narrow feet. I would not be able to wear the slippers without socks.
My husband really likes these says they are very comfortable. He's on his feet all day long and really rough on them usually last a little over a year but again he is very rough on them
Comfortable but not much support. Thin-ish sole.
The toe was obviously steel toe but it was one of the more comfortable steel toe boots that I have purchased. The reputation stands by its name
Light weight and functional. The size run large for me.
Material was a little thinner than expected but all in all good little bag.
I wish I could buy more of this shoe in all the beautiful colors. It fits great.
I like the color and how they fit. Straps are soft allowing room for toes. Very cute on. Wore them twice with several compliments but asked if they hurt big toe. No. For my foot and toes, they are perfect. Downside, they take a little extra effort and an extra 2 minutes to put on or I would have given 5 Stars.
Nice bag but it is still not large enough to hold all the stuff specially while traveling
I had another pair I wore but they were looking rough. Glad I found these. Very comfortable. I will defiantly buy again.
These shoes draw attention! They are comfortable and have enough sole so that I can walk on most surfaces with no problem. I use them for kayaking and love the bright color and design. They do fit a bit small but not enough that I would return them. They are so comfortable too.
They fit much larger than I thought they would but It's not severe. They are very cute and comfortable and it's really handy that the clasp is removable!
It is a nice bag..but i didn't expect it to be so small.. i am regifting it to a teenager..
Work boots. Only issue I have they were delivered during a rain storm and they were left on the porch instead of being put in the storm door
seem a little larger than previously purchased in same style and size.
I have the Sway Ankle Bootie version of these which I love. These were a tad more narrow which made the less comfortable but still pretty comfortable compared to other booties.
they fit and work as expected
Comfortable. Good purchase
I typically use a size 7.5. They didn't have my size so I went up to a size 8. My toes fit great but the width was a little wider than I would like. I'm guessing a 7.5 would fit perfect. The material and quality is nice and durable. The color is just like shown in picture. Will review again if any issues come while wearing these more.
It deserves a 5, but I really don't like a long strap. Sure do love the style though. Exactly what I was looking for and the right size to boot!
Very cute for summer! A little smaller then I thought it would be.
If you are a half size SIZE UP!!! They are tight in the for box. I can see others comments about holes in the toes my old slippers had them. I love the arches.
Super cute boot. Very comfortable. I normally wear a 6.5 or 7 but ordered these in a 6 & they fit perfect! The color is great!
Love the look and colors just wish there was a little more compartments
love the color just smaller then expected! But overall great bag
Fits perfectly and I can wear thick socks and it won't be too tight
My daughter says they are good and serve their purpose - she uses them for school dance class
Very well made, good arch support and well cushioned insole. Fit as expected - a 12 was just right for my size 12 feet. Only down side is that these shoes are very smooth and slippery on the inside and are not as comfortable without socks - I'll add some moleskin to reduce the slick feel.
Not as supportive as I would have liked, but I guess that is what you get when you do no buy slippers with rubber bottoms and memory foam
I find that these run a whole size too small - so I bought a size 9 (I normally wear an 7.5 or 8). This allows me to put in an insole with arch support because these have no arch support at all. I have these in a size 8.5 in black as well, and those are a little too short (my toes pretty much touch the end). The shoes are pretty comfy otherwise.
Bought these for my daughter for christmas. They look like very good quality and comfortable. Fit seems to be normal. Box came in a little messed up, but no biggie. No damage to the product. Fast delivery as always!
Very light weight. I could be wrong, but the quality seems quite flimsy and I doubt that they will last too long — but I could be wrong. Very comfortable, and as I intend to use them as a driving shoe, they work well for me.
It's Great ! Feels like wearing my sneakers !
Usually like this shoe. Have used them for pool shoes and they were too snug then as well.
Comfortable, only downside so far is the insole comes out when you take them off
A little smaller than I would like, but very pretty. It will hold most of what I need
Water shoes are not the most attractive but I actually get a lot of complaints on these. I ordered them for my whole family for a waterpark. Good product but they start wearing out pretty quickly unfortunately. I just ordered another pair for my 2yr old since he wears them all the time in the pool.
Very comfortable, dried quickly, hope they hold up
I like the purse but it looked a lot bigger in the pictures. I gave it to my niece and order a different one. but it still is a good purse.
I like the comfort. They are not "boxy" or overly heavy. They seem to be rather water resistant. These are much better than my previous safety shoes.
Decided not to wear multi-colored shoes
I like them, they are comfortable. I wish they had half sizes as they are a bit tight on the top of my foot. They also could use some more ventilation for a summer shoe.
The wallet looks great. But the treading on the ID display window started falling apart after the first week
I love this purse and it's a great deal but it does smell like cigarettes inside. I used it for the first time today and NO ONE in my family smokes.
Comfortable. Color is not exactly what I wanted.
A little smaller than I expected, but it looks well made.
I love the ombré these glasses have! They look good with really any outfit I put on. I would really like to see the item in a silver though!
nice shoe and product material, just to narrow for me
These are nice flip flops although the arch was too high for me. I have a low arch and this was just too aggressive. I wish they had a low arch option.
I really like the look of these booties. They are comfortable to wear all day. The fit is a little loose on my feet, but I don't think I would want a smaller size.
fit is a little loose but not so much as they will fall off while walking
They are cute but cut around my toe area. I got them true to my size because most of the reviews say to, which they fit great. A little snugg with socks but they are a slim round toe. I didn't think the little heel would bother me but it does ONLY because I'm used to wearing either a flip flop or tennis shoes.. I thought I would try something new.. I think they are really cute and will continue to wear them and break them in. Can't bet the price... all in all a good buy.
This boot runs at least one size small. I wear between a 7 and 7.5 and ordered a 7.5 and it was so tight I couldn't even move my toes; reordered an 8.5 at a much higher price and it fit well. I found it for a better price on the Columbia web site; Amazon does not price match so the boots went back to Amazon and I ordered from Columbia. They seem warm, I have yet to test if they are waterproof.
I am very satisfied with these computer glasses. They're cheap and works well. The only drawback is the fit is tight!
Lightweight and good ventilation. Fits somewhat loose. I wear a 10.5 but the shoe seems to be a wide fit!
could be a bit thicker but they work fine; seem strong and durable
They take a little getting used to for driving at night, but they definitely help with headlight glare. Terrific on overcast days!
Leather was great quality. Good size inside pockets. My favorite bag.
I only gave 4 stars because they were not as thick in the heel as I had hoped for my plantar fasciitis. I ended up ordering orthotic house shoes that are better. I do like the look of these and for someone not looking for orthotics these are perfect.
These are surprisingly comfortable and accomodate my orthotic and life well. Though I thought they looked a bit cheep and the plastic lace area causes the laces to make noise. I thought they ran about a half size too big. But I'm keeping them as an alternative shoe to run my errands in.
I would have given the bag 5 stars but it had no pockets on the inside and i wish it a a snap to close it....
3rd pair. Best flips out there.
Very comfortable and warm.
I brought these shoes for my daughter to wear to Homecoming. They were so sparkly and pretty!! A true gold color. She has wide feet so that didn't fit her. I started to keep them for myself.
They are very cute and probably sturdy as the sole is tennis shoe like, but run very big
Comfortable and stylish for the price. Wish the fabric was a tad sturdier otherwise can't beat for what you pay for.
gave them as a gift to my daughter. She really loves them.
These are so cute! The only thing that's a bummer is that the lining comes out easily. My daughter keeps taking the lining out every time she pulls her foot out now. But they are the cutest shoes!
A little small on my normal size 9.5. Have to exchange for size 10.
Fits just a little snug. But half sizes aren't available. If you're comfortable with a snug fit, they're very nice. If you are odd and wear socks, get a larger size.
I had a pair that I had bought several years before and I came here to order a replacement. I didn't know what size the old ones were so I went with my usual size. I'm normally a 6, but the size 6 I ordered didn't fit me. I exchanged them for a size 8 and they just barely fit me. They're super comfortable and durable but order at least 1 size up
Originally I bought the shoes for work. I'm a hair stylist and I am on my feet 12 to 13 hours. The shoes are great for walking, and running errands. They're not so great for standing on your feet for long periods of time. My first thought was to return them but after wearing them seeing how comfy they are I decided to keep them.
Very comfortable support
Very comfortable except the label under your heel? ( why there) don't notice it except when you first put them on. I normally wear a 12 but to be safe ordered a 13, still a little too small. Seem to be a quality sandal, like the style without a side strap.
Needed comfortable sneakers to work out in and not spend over $100. I like that the sneakers are plain not too "loud" and the reviews were really good I decided to take a chance. I used them last night during my circuit workout and they were very comfortable. They are light and fit just right I ordered my size. I gave it 4 stars because I need to get insoles to support my high instep. You can feel it right away no arch support at all.
I thought these shoes would be the Soda brand, they were not. However, they are comfortable and I am happy with them
Average quality for the price
Great case. I wish there was more inside of it for padding so the glasses didn't bang around
These shoes are comfortable right out of the box! And perfectly hides that I'm overdue for a pedicure!
These are awesome - comfy, warm, and love the pine green. My only issue is there wasn't stuffing inside the boot shaft or dividers in the box, so my boots arrived creased from the way they laid overlapped the box. Doesn't affect functionality, but I can see the creases when the boots are on. Hopefully the creases will go away with time. Still happy with the purchase.
I wear size 6.5 and have fairly wide feet. Got size 6 and size 7, meaning to keep the better fit, but even size 6 was too large. Too bad for me, because I liked these unpretentious flip-flops and would have wanted to keep them. Unfortunately, there was no size 5.
Even though they fit as expected once started wearing the shoe does stretch! if wear for a long period of time start to get a blister on little toe. I do love them and glad I ordered. BREAK IN at home before you wear them out for work or evening. Easy to clean.
i love these boots but they do not stay up on my leg while walking i have to tie them uncomfortably tight to keep them up and they still fall down
10.5 Mens Slipper is a little tight - narrow. They are comfortable and they are very good quality. I would recommend this product, but you may consider going up a 1/2 size and maybe that will help overcome the tightness of the narrow forefoot.
These glasses are super cute and in. Only complaint is the lenses are opaque enough. You can see through them more than I thought you'd be able to.
These are super cute for the non-walking baby. They stay on their feet good. They are stiff and not great for walking. Also, my daughter managed to pull the bows out of both of them. For the price I would recommend them.
Kind of flimsy, but a great pair of glasses overall, the case is nice as well.
Although I really like the glasses, one of the arms were loose when first putting on, afraid they will break!
They are very comfortable and I like that they can be cleaned easily. The only drawback is that when they are wet and my feet are wet after a swim they tend to be slippery. But overall they are a good buy.
I got this as it was the only black fringe bag that I could find that was a decent size. I'm a bigger person, so the small bags don't look right when I wear/use them. This bag is a great size, and it's been holding up super well as I've been using it for the past year or so. The only thing that I had an issue with was the smell. When I first got it, it had a horrible chemical smell that didn't go away for a couple of weeks. However, once the smell was gone, it was great.
They are soft and warm but not supportive at all for my high arch feet.
The boots are skinny, but provide a snug fit. They have enough length for the entire foot. Do not buy if you're wide-footed. It was harder to pull the boots on than my other boots, but that's not an issue for me. They seem more like running boots than combat boots, but they'll do the job. Somewhat comfortable, better than Army-Issued boots.
I usually wear a 7.5 narrow. I ordered 7.5-8 despite reviews that reported it ran small. I found the length fine. On my narrow feet the width was loose especially at the heel. I wore heavier Sox and the fit was better, but still somewhat loose. For short distances they are fine. Wouldn't work for me beyond that. They are not flimsy but neither are they sturdy. For the price they are fine. Don't compare them with Bogs or LLBean, but neither are they pricey. The yellow is really bright for visibility on rainy days. Smells awful but I expect that will wear off.
Price was great, shipping slow, which is why they got 4 out of 5 stars.
A great product. Nice feel. This Vibram model is holding up through the terrain so far!!!
Great material. Darker color than expected. Definately should have ordered a full size down. I ordered a half size down and they are still slightly too big. With thick work socks it may not be an issue.
Not quite as wide as I would like, but they're supportive and quite comfortable.
I ordered one pair of shoes , I received three pairs, I returned two pairs to Kohls but received only one refund . I would like to know when my account will be credited with both returns . Thank you .
I ordered normal width and they are tight. Should have ordered wide
Cute, but run a little too large.
Not wide enough for large men. Too small for my husband. And larger option not available.
I'm very satisfied with the shoes. The only issue I have are my own. I have plantar fasciitis in one foot so I need a tighter fit and harder shoe. The other foot is totally comfortable in this shoe.
Nice shoe I like the color fit as expected only thing is the bands have frayed a little since wearing
These shoes are comfortable however the fit around my heel is a little snug. (No I do not have them tied too tight) they should wear in and be okay but it was a bit uncomfortable for the first wear.
These are really wide, but then again my baby does not have the typical chubby baby feet.
look good and fit well. cant wait to hit the river. seems like these could be best river shoes ive had.
Love it. True to comfort associated with all Skechers.
Its well made, nice looking sandal, my only small complaint would be they are stiff and hard to break in.
Not the best quality, but perfect for party goody bags. They were a hit!
I bought a second pair for my cousin because I liked them so much. Pretty good quality, comfortable.
I would love these boots but they are too small! I actually went up half a size from my usual size and they are still too small. I would suggest going up a full size in these boots. Otherwise, great shoes, great style, love the side zipper.
They work great but don't expect them to last more than a couple weeks.
The zipper broke about a week after I got it but i'm still using it 2 years later because it's super cute. Everything else has held up pretty well.
These are cute shoes. They fit well and look good. They're comfortable but there's not a ton of support so my feet and legs hurt if I wear them for long days (8+ hours)
Comfortable. But the hard soles are a little noisy on a hardwood floor: no ninja trips to the kitchen in these puppies.
Nice and comfortable.
Shoes are comfortable made with good materials.
I would size down at least a half size, these are larger and wider than I expected, but for the price I can deal with it. They are adorable!
They are cute and was just a little too long, but work out.
Larger than I thought they would be
Very comfortable and I have used it a lot but lately the sole part has come off.
For the price, the shoes are decent. Makes noise when walking and the inside sole gets loose occasionally. Fit as expected though.
These shoes are light weight and very comfortable. I haven't had them long enough to know if they are durable.
Just what I needed for swollen feet.
This looks more expensive than it is. I was drawn to the wicker trend with the leather cross-body strap. It is a nice accessory that brings compliments.
Cute but narrow through the toe
Their a little heavy but good quality leather. Will buy again.
I'm so excited about these slippers, I don't even want to wear them in case they get damaged. I'm a 7.5, so I took a shot on the 8, and they fit great. If you're a half size, I'd probably recommend going for the larger size, then the smaller. Especially if you wear socks.
Wasn't able to wear. Needed more arch support. Was too big.
The frame is large, which I like and looks a little Jackie O. Price was great, they are a little stiff but that may change over time.
They feel a little sloppy but I usually wear laced shoes so maybe this is the way they should feel.
At first I thought I would really like these shoes but after 4-5 hours my toes were hurting. I think they run short
Good, quality sunglasses at a reasonable price. Cool case. Slightly big and I don't have a small face.
I bought them for my husband. They are easier on his feet that his shoes.
Before I tied the shoe I was sure it was too short. I wear a perfect 8 1/2 AA. Once I tied the shoe it seemed to fit much better and pulled my foot back giving my toes more room. It was a bit wide for me but I can use it with heavier socks. Overall--nice shoe.
Purchased these for my sons DJ Lance Halloween costume. They are quite heavy for a child's face. Good quality, better suited for an adult.
Love my Birkenstock clogs. Most of my other shoes get left in the cupboard now. These are too easy and comfortable. And albeit my daughters saying they look like big boats on my feet, I think they look totally cool :)
Perfect for beach or pool. Great price and good looking.
Ordered these twice because the first time they sent me a size 3 when i asked for a 7. I easily sent them back, was refunded, and reordered with no problem. The 7 fits me great!
gets the job done but will need insoles soo it doesnt hurt after walking a long distance.
I really like these shoes. They are super comfortable. Like other buyers, I had to add about an inch of velcro to get the right closure for me. Clark's shoes have always been excellent quality. Lately, I don't know what's happening.
Son likes them a lot but he is constantly losing the sleeves they go in.
Nice sun glasses but the readers part are really low on the lens.
I wish I would have ordered a size bigger!
These shoes are very comfortable, as are all the croc shoes I have owned. I really like that these have a small profile. Compared to the bistro these are less bulky. They have an insole that is fairly thick and provides a lot of cushion. These feel somewhat smaller than the regular crocs, in part because of the closed heel. I've had to put them in the dryer to heat them up and stretch the toes out for better comfort. My regular crocs loosened up after some use as well, so I hope that happens with these as well. The nonslip sole works great, I have traction when going from wet ground to a tile floor. They are easily cleaned with a rinse and wipe. These are great shoes for working the floor of the hospital or the restaurant.
It fits well and looks great. The only problem is that the upper sole is a little too soft and rubbing on my underfoot hope I will get use to it.
They're comfortable and seem of decent quality. Perhaps a tiny bit bigger than expected but just needs thick socks anyway.
I knew what I was getting before I ordered online because I tried the shoes on at a local shoe outlet. Some things like shoes I'd never buy online without seeing or trying on elsewhere. No surprise on the fit or color or anything else. Basically I ordered through Amazon because they were $9 cheaper than the sale price at the shoe store and qualified for free shipping. No brainer. They look good, fit well and are comfortable for me anyway. Edited two weeks later: I still like these shoes from the standpoint of fit and comfort. However I have an issue with the color that was not apparent till I wore them in bright sunlight. They are the dark brown color which is fine in shade, artificial light, and at night. However, it bright sunlight, they have a definite dark olive green tint to them which I don't really care for. I hope that it eventually fades. Cut score to four stars.
They run small I have to send them back for a bigger size I got a 9 but I need a10
My daughter loves Shopkins, so when I was shopping for new sneakers for her I picked these up as well because they were so inexpensive. They fit larger than expected, but it's not a issue since she's at the age where she's growing fast and I'm sure will fit them perfectly soon. They're well made for the price.
With no pockets or zippers inside, the items you can carry in this are somewhat limited. But the one large compartment is very high quality. The zipper is good quality too, its not going to break. I really like the pattern also.
These are great but a little slippery with the graphic. I roughed it up with sandpaper and they are now pretty much perfect.
Husband loves them for work. Light weight. Has 3 pairs
Like color but size isn't accurate
The sole is wide like an orthopedic shoe.
Very stylish and holds everything I need.
Straps hard to to do . Other than that it is a nice shoes
Ran big ordered smaller size.
I like these shoes so much I'm buying in a couple of other colors. However, the inspection sticker will not come off. It's scratching the suede. Other than that, I love, love, love these shoes.
These are great shoes for a great price!! I work 60+ hours a week so comfortable shoes are a necessity to me. I wore them for the first time today and I'm impressed! My back and feet aren't hurting at all. I only gave 4 stars since I have no idea how well they will stay together. I go through a pair of shoes every 2 months or so. I will do an update on them soon!
It's a little stiff and doesn't open up as well as I would like, but it is still new and maybe needs to be used more. A beautiful wallet.
Purchased these for my husband. They are a nice quality and actually fit; however, he usually wears socks with his slippers, and they seem a little snug. I believe they will loosen with wear.
Took some time to adjust but work great.
Boots are nice but after first ride leather turned brownish, the sun light shouldn't had affected the leather, my old boots are still black!
I love these shoes! Although my podiatrist told me not to wear them due not having enough support.
Very comfortable and well made. I didn't even need to break them in. Excellent work shoes.
These are the best flip flops but seriously order a size or two up. My last pair were 8's and I had to get a 10 and they are the exact same size. Weird.
My daughter normally wears a 13, so that's the size I ordered. When we received the shoes she tried them on and they were about a whole- size too big! They are cute and she can grow into them!😊
These are really cute and not flimsy but can be a touch difficult to get on because the material is a little thick. I wish they had grips on the bottom because the are too slippery for walkers on wood or other slippery floors.
They're a cheap and relatively reliable shoe. It needs a cheap insole to to with it to give some support but other than that.... I've had them for 7 months and i haven't had any complaints.
The zippers sometime get caught
They are a little on the wide side, but for my feet that is perfect. There is still snow on the ground, so I have not worn them, other than around the house. Looking forward to trying them when spring comes.
Would fit a 5.5 or 6 shoe size.
Love the color not real high quality for the money I understand.
Just what I needed to hold and secure my cards and ID. Is minimal and slim reducing the bulk I. My pockets. Thx
Very nice! Got them for gifts...haven't given them yet!
It looks great. The construction is a bit weak for my liking.
I ordered these after sending Puma's back These are real court shoes for tennis. They are a little more money but worth it. I ordered wide, and they are.
A little bit keeping my frontal maybe because of my toenails but overall for the price I could order another pair to that cute how old are size 7 1/2 it's perfect except a little bit keeping my front toe nails I can cut it 😂😂😂
The boots fit well feet size but my calves are huge due to rugby and wrestling so I find it hard to put on especially since my ankles are a little smaller than they should be, the fit is weird on me. I suggest getting a size bigger than you usually are if you have these problems or these boots are not made for muscular/ big/ thick girls.
Nice product just not the right fit for my feet.
Love Skechers. Very comfortable. I have at least 3 pairs different styles.
Is not what I expected. Memory foam too thin.looks nice.
My son usually wears a youth 1 but these were too big for him. Luckily they fit his older sister and so we were able to get a couple years use out of them. He should be able to fit them by next summer.
I use these to work in. They're extremely comfortable. When I put them on I couldn't believe the difference it made compared to my old boots. I would recommend them.
Like the different sizes!!
Hard for me to take these off. Light weight and comfy. Great city foul weather shoe
The Glasses were delivered quickly, and i was pleasantly surprised of the High Quality for the price.
Well constructed. Holds everything I was hoping it would. I tend to overpack every bag and this one holds up great.
Great shoe I would give them 5 stars but this shoe gets dirt stuck in the cracks and it becomes super noticeable. I use these at clinical for 12 hours with ease only company I recommend for comfort. Not only that when I wore these in Marine Bootcamp they helped my feet immensely(go faster lol)
Size is accurate but a little snug. How that will go away after breaking in.
Comfortable & functional; only worry is that there's an angle between the rubber on the bottom of the shoe and the shoe's material such that if you step on the back of your shoes to remove them, there's some worry of tearing the bottom off over time.
a little small but they work for me
They were nice not as comfortable as I thought
Awesome boots but they run small
Bought for my husband-he loves them
LOVE THESE! Super cute and get lots of compliments. Only down side is the string to tie them does NOT keep them up! I put a hair tie over the boot and slid it up and noticed that it helps keep the boot up in addition to the string they provide.
The pockets are not large enough to hold my my iPhone 8+. If it fell in the bag, it was difficult to find quickly when ringing. Other than that , I do like the bag.
Used once but fits well.
I bought these boots in a 7 i should've got a 7.5. They fit good until they get to my big calves i can't wait to wear them.
Nice bag thought it was black but was actually blue
This is a very nice bag but should be a little bigger.
The black slide on the right is for this review. I put one of those on and then another style slide. They fit almost true to size, just a slight big. I am an 8 1/2 - 9 and the 8-9 fit is almost perfect. I wear them out and about, running errands and they are so much cuter and WAY MORE comfortable than a flip flop.
Expected natural leather. Still, good sandals.
I bought this bag in the camel color, and I really like it, the color and the size are perfect. The reason that I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the short handle is really short, not like it shows in the picture, which is a bummer, but I am just using the long strap, I just folded in half, other than that is a great bag. I will probably buy a different color soon!!
Great quality. I love this shoe, but sadly it's huge on my son's feet. I followed the size chart instructions and the shoes are huge! I know that I should return them, but I love this style that I am thinking of keeping until my son catches up to it.
Order a half-size up, but otherwise they are a steal!
Cute little boots. My granddaughter loves them. Glad I got a bigger size than she wears.
It's good, it could do without the acorn emblem poking you a bit, but I wear socks so it doesn't bother me too much
love the look of these shoes but they were too big in the heel. There really isn't any way to snug them up so I had to return them
These look great, one thing these are not flexible at all. But again, great look.
I've purchased four of these. I would give them five stars, but on one pair the heel-end of the fabric detached from the foam. They are still usable, but it's annoying. Other than that they are very good insoles and great for walking.
Could have used a larger size, runs on smaller side
I was happy with thus product the fit was as expected
Soles are a little the, but excellent value
Comfortable. They do run small I would jump up a size.
It feels like it's a bit too big but it's never slipped off my feet. The shoes are pretty light. I just wish that it came in more solid colors.
Cheaper made than what I expected. I still like the shoe though.
I recently got stuck in the rain and of course my shoes got soaked, these worked perfectly to dry them out! I love this and would recommend to anyone!
Very cute boot! Hit just at the knee, and has a cute smal heel. Super comfy and look great!
I normally don't like or wear the "toe-splitter" sandals. I got these to wear in the evening after hiking on the Camino de Santiago. They were pretty comfortable. I could wear them an hour or two with no issues. If you wear this type of sandal regularly, then I'm sure that you will be satisfied.
The price was right and I like the boots
Love this bag! Perfect size for my phone, credit cards, cash and a little bit more. The was only one problem. Within the first week of using the bag one of the snaps broke. The reason I didn't give 5 stars. Thankfully there was great customer service from Amazon. I contacted them and a new bag was quickly sent out. So far the new bag has had no problems.
Great shoes for the money. Comfortable insole, but the first few days (so far) I've worn them, the back of my ankle was rubbed raw, and bled a little on the white shoe. I guess Im not use to how these fit yet, they aren't tight, but the shape isn't what I'm use to. Perhaps I need to break them in?
Very firm, but does help with arch support.
Great shoes after the first wear. The cloud foam is snug all around for a while until it forms to your foot. Now they perfectly mold to my feet... as long as I wear them with the same sock type, tighten the laces EXACTLY the same every time, and don't pull them of laced up. I did not size up, and I'm glad since they fit perfectly once broken in. Minus one star for exposed, untreated, leather edges which absorb moisture and stain on the toe of the shoe... Might just be my shoes but it's a design fail.
Loved these. Fit comfortably. I would order it again. Just be careful when walking as I hit the cement and it peeled. Other than that I would order again next summer or to wear on vacation somewhere warm. I have wore them to work on casual days and my feet wasn't sore from walking or standing all day.
Nice style but the boot was too wide for my preference.
The Snug Star Multi-Color handbag, shoulder bag has worked very well for me. So far and I have not had it very long it has lived up to the description of it. The description said that it was sturdy, had more than one pocket, compartment on the inside and that has turned out to be true. It has also turned out to have just enough space for all of my belongings that I need to put in any purse that I purchase. I was also told that it would arrive at my house on a certain day not long after I purchased it and it did arrive on that date. That meant that from purchase to delivery everything was very quick and efficient. So far I like this product very much.
Just received my order. Shipping was very quick but I was sent the wrong size on two different shoes. I would like contact info to request the correct size instead of a refund.
I was looking for dark stylish sunglasses after my LASIK surgery and these were pretty decent. I'll start with the pros: dark, super stylish, lightweight, look expensive, true mirror. Cons: super easy to get dirty, takes a VERY clean wipe to clean them, GLARE galore, can only use in bright light or else you can't see. Honestly, for what I paid, they are great. But beware of the glare on these. I wish they came polarized. I would pay extra for that feature. I hate that when I buy sunglasses I always have a hard time looking for a model who has my face shape, tan and brunette. So hopefully my picture helps out any similar woman making a decision to buy them.
I wear a size 8.5, purchased a 9. Fits well, but maybe would get a half size bigger
I really like the compartments and the zipper closure under the flap. The side was a little too small,I had to eliminate a few items that I generally carry on a daily basic.
I have requested a return on this item, an u haven't seen any changes since
Larger than expected. Does not fit in a small-medium handbag, but does fit in made medium-large handbags and backpacks.
I really love this bag but you can't put too much stuff in it because it looks like the strap is ripping! Regardless if you don't keep your bag with a lot of heavy stuff like books I feel like it will last a while. It does have the shiny look to it but I don't think it's that bad. This is my everyday bag and I love it anyway.
Good glasses for price.
It was an odd fit. It's not a comfortable shoe.
Great for my son's foot pronation or for ankle support. However, you have to gradually break them in, to give your kid to adapt to this inserts.
It holds my big purse as long as the table doesn't have a beveled edge. I do with it clipped together so it could be secured to something but I love It! It is durable, well made and works well.
Nice bag but it's very big
This wallet is almost perfect. It would be a 5 if my smart phone could fit.
Love love love. The only thing is that they kind of look like two left shoes. It's hard for others to be able to tell but I can see on the right boot tho toe goes out to the right (only a little bit) it does not effect the perfect fit.
Fast delivery and as advertised.
Very nice going out bag, it's made out of rubber, wish it was not! feels a little bit heavy. Fits a lot! Has a little bit of rubber smell, I am sure it will go away!
I wanted to like this shoe, but the heels are so uncomfortable and still rub blisters after wearing them for about 6 months. The rest of the doe is great and super comfortable though.
Love these shoes! A little tight on top of arch but hoping they loosen up.
Inconsistent sizing. I already have one pair and they fit perfectly. Ordered another, they are a smidge too small.
the fluffy stuff cannot be removed and wore out pretty fast
8 was too tight. Cute shoes though. Gave them away to a happy home.
I purchased this product for my wife but it is not the right size but everything else was true to size and fit
Very good product works well
I am a nanny and this thing is a LIFESAVER in terms of keeping my purse more organized. I did order it slightly smaller than my purse.so there is room on either side which is great. The only downside is with it being a soft structure it collapses a lot when I mainly take out my wallet. If they solved the side collapse issue it would be perfect.
Shoes seem cheaply made but cute and will work until I can find something better.
VERY comfortable. They broke within a month, bona fide defect in the side strap. Great OOFOS Customer service! Company honored their warranty, just had to send 3 pictures, a copy of invoice, and they replaced. I woukd buy another pair, they are the only shoes that truly relieve my plantar fasciitis pain
Good product,nice work for nighttime driving.But the case look like old,has a little scratch........
Love the look. Got a lot of compliments. The suede does tend to capture pet fur and dirt/debris.
my son isnt able to wear these now, they do run a bit large but the quality is great thanks
Shoes feel very comfortable. Yes, order 1 size larger.
The only reason I give the shoe a 4 star is because they do "squeak like walking on rubber duckies after a few days" as a previous shopper stated. All together they are very comfy and my pants dont get hung up on the heal like other competitors. I believe the glue under the insert is the issue. I'll pull a "Mcgyver" and all should be good. UA, hire Mcgyver so we dont need to!
Very pretty. Even more so in person. I haven't worn them yet.
They look good....Just cases are a little small for the glasses.
These are replacements for much older Asics that blew out last weekend. I've been wearing them around the house to break them in. They arrived very promptly, fit well, and are quite light with reasonable support. The only negative is that the laces are too short to tie a heel lock even though it has the right holes. I'll throw on some longer laces and go from there I'll see how they perform this weekend and update the review accordingly.
Might want to buy a size smaller than your shoe. There's just a little room at the toe.
I love these boots, however I have returned them twice due to sizing. I would recommend ordering a full size up.
Well...needless to say they are taking some getting used to. The toe box being bigger is great. However still trying to determine if the heel not having the padding like other shoes is good. Just a matter of time.
This purse is really cute. I would have given it 5 stars if it was real leather. Fits an iPhone 7s, my wallet, tissues, and a few essentials with room to spare. The phone is not in the picture since I used it to take the picture.
Works for my glasses even though they are a bit bigger than I would have preferred if I could have chosen the size.
Cute, comfortable and provide support for my toddler whose starting to walk.
Wasnt into the chain, and the zipper is a little rough, but it was happily accepted, would recommend, would buy again
I purchased the green version of this purse. It is very true to color with a lot of compartments to store your small items. This is a small purse and my iPhone 6 plus did not fit in any of the compartments but all my cards, lip stick, money etc. fit just fine. It is perfect for a night out when you want to have something securely fit your necessities without worrying about holding a clutch. It fit perfectly across my body and was dressy enough for a night at the theater but it would also be perfect for a more casual outfit.
Was to tight at first.Once I wore it a few times, much better.
Beautiful, but a bit small for my needs.
Not the most plush slippers but a very nice product for the money.
I do a lot of walking and these shoes are comfortable and durable
I usually buy "readers" at my local drug store and you get what you pay for-- cheap glasses are not made to last. But these are a step up from what I usually buy... a great deal too. They fit perfectly and I love them. Pretty well made and amazingly inexpensive. I recommend!
I purchased these IZOD slides for my son to replace his old pair. They were a bit more pricey than I really wanted to pay but I ordered them anyway. The fit is true to size, they are cushioned inside for support and comfort, and the colors and description was accurate. Overall I am happy with this purchase at this time, providing they hold up well.
My normal shoe size is 10 1/2 so I ordered the size 11 they are very tight but hope they will stretch like a lot of moccasin slippers do with use.
a little heavy but great quality!
The purse is a little bit bigger than it states in the description and the front peace doesn't snap like it is supposed to. Besides that it is a perfect gun carrying purse.
Good shoes, especially for their price range. Size runs a bit small so order a size up. The Walnut color is nice looking and the shoes themselves are decently comfortable. Would definitely recommend these shoes
Great quality and lots of card slots!
Exactly what I wanted, good price for a great shoe.
The shoe is adorable and looks exactly as pictured. The shoe was made very well and did not look like those cheap straight from China shoes. I really like the material and the light sheen the leather has . I really wish I could keep and wear this shoe but it is too wide. I don't recommend this shoe for women with narrow feet.
The shoe part itself is tight, hoping it will stretch out some, other wise comfortable shoe.
Love my bag..on the smaller side for me but still happy with my purchase
Great quality and we got the small which was perfect for my husband, the color was a little lighter than expected, but he still loved it
The boots are really cute and good quality for the price, but unfortunately they sent me black instead of cognac like I ordered.
It's a little big like as I'm wide. Thinking maybe I should've gotten half a size smaller
A little tight feeling.
Very cute shoe. True to size and comfy. Perfect for my bridesmaid dress to be comfy at the reception
Nice shoe, keeps your feet warm. Not sure how durable these are but for the money not bad.
Shoe feels great right out of the box. I was glad I went with other reviewers and ordered a half-size down (I am usually a 9.5, sometimes a 9 and I stayed with the 9). The color is also exactly like what it looked like on-line.
Have not had very long but like so far, fit and color.
Like the look and the fit. Used for casual wear.
I have cataracts. The glasses are a great aid in protecting my eyes from sunlight. Thanks so much for this great product.
My granddaughter asked for this.
This is a great purse, but one of the strings from the zipper came off right after the first time I used it, but it still works.
Very nice for the price.
Think they run slightly small but will keep and wear thin socks. They are super cute!
The sandals arrived quickly and fit perfectly. I wear a size 6 and that is what I ordered. They are extremely comfortable immediately. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because there is no arch support, but I did not expect there to be. I am very pleased with my purchase.
These shoes came in time with prime, they are beautiful, simple, elegant, they feel nice and the material isn't hard but I went off of suggestions and ordered half a size up for comfort as my feat are wider but that half a size up felt more like a full size and my feet kept falling out of the shoes. Surprisingly for the heel height they felt pretty comfortable to stand on, although I didn't get to actually wear them out.
They are great but about 40% overpriced IMO. I find that they fit slightly large so if you're between 2 sizes I would recommend to take the smallest of them.
Had to send back defective. One of the lace holes broke after 4th day. I like the boots and requested a replacement.
they were great for a month then they both cracked and got brittle so sad I was a danner fan for many years the best hunting boots in the industry 🤠
These are really nice sunglasses for the price! Came with a tool to fix them if screws come loose and a soft case to keep them nice. The only thing I have to complain about is that they aren't the perfect shape for my face but I'll still wear them because they're great.
Ordered my usual size, but they were a bit too large. Returned them for the next size smaller. That size was a little tight at the heel, but very roomy at the ball of my foot and toe area. A shoehorn solved the heel problem. I kept the second order (smaller size) and wear them every day. But sometimes when I look down, the shape of the shoe reminds me of clown shoes, though. Quality seems good for the price. After all is said and done, I would probably order them again.
I bought these laces over again because the old ones wore out. They did not really last much longer than regular laces but the inner kevlar core held up when the outer sheath failed. Since they did not break completely I bought these new replacement of the exact same version. The real problem I have is that the end of the laces are so thick they do not fit easily through the eyelets. One of the metal eyelets for each lace end of each shoe, 4 in total, would not fit. To try and make the end of the lace fit in the metal hole would break the ends. Consequently I bought longer than needed laces to make room for a wide foot only to have way too long laces that need to be triple tied to keep from stepping on when walking.
Great product, a little shorter than I expected, but they work fine
Giving four stars because one of the elastic laces that are sewn in place popped after three uses. I tied a knot on the end and it is holding in place. I believe it would be easy to sew back but I don't know how. With that said, I'm ordering a black and pink pair because these are great for summer in Florida when I don't want the added layer of socks. I have the grey and love how comfortable and cute they are.
I love these slippers only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because the soles are really thin. I was expecting them to be a little thicker. They fit well and are super comfy.
Other people said the shoe runs small. But 8 1/2 would have been great. Ordered a 9. it's a little big. But I'm going to wear it. Needed them for school. I work in lunchroom and I have recommended them to other employees.
I like this wallet very much. Lots of storage in it. Only gave 4 stars though - mainly because I got it specifically for the feature that it will hold my iPhone 7. It will only snap close with the phone in it if there are no bills since it is too thick.
I like them because they're warm, cozy, comfy and cute, but they run a little big. The bottoms are hard, thus very loud on the wood floors lol. They are a tad heavier/bulky so tend to try to slip off my feet .
I bought these for emt school, and they are fantastic, fit wise, durability wise, and even comfort wise. My only complaint is that the laces are a pain to tie up. But if you can't put that aside these are still great boots.
I bought these for when my husband is working in the garden. I'd take off for carpeted stairs but I do that with all slip on shoes
Cute idea to send to my little ones as a gift for the wedding!
Cute boots. Every pair of shoes I own in a size 9. These were surprisingly too big, they fit like a 9.5 or 10. There's a whole inch from my big toe to the tip of the shoe. And when I push my foot all the way to the front of the shoe, I can fit a whole finger behind my heel.
I really like these shoes. The quality is great and I love the style. The toe box is slightly too narrow, but not enough for me to return them. I'm normally a size 9.5, but I bought a size 10 because sometimes pointy shoe styles run small. I'm glad I bought the 10. I'd buy them again because the many good things about these shoes outweigh that they are slightly narrow. I have long toes and some other shoes show the toe cleavage. But not with these. I recommend them.
They fit great and look good, and can't beat the price, my only complaint would be that there is a slight reflection when looking them that seems to be from the reflective green on the lens. It's not terrible, but I notice it most times I wear them.
These are nice though they are really small. They would be good for very young kids to use.
Good quality but the tortoise color is more cheetah so I had to return:(
I love this old fashioned style...they are comfortable however I'm so glad i read other reviews before purchasing....I'm normally a size 91/2 sometimes 10 and i ordered a 9 which is great with a little room....my only issue was the colour,,, i purchased a nude but its more light pink...however it still works for the outfit so its fine.
My son needed some gym shoes , so I got these. He loves them. They got true to size and he said they are so comfortable.
Just as expected. Very nice
I love how comfortable these sandals are and how much i wear them for all outside occasions. The only thing I dislike is that the back straps are longer than necessary if you have a more narrow foot. I had to cut some of the length off, but they work just fine. Great sandal at a great price. Definitely will be purchasing more.
I needed a medium sized cross body bag that was versatile and low maintenance and I came across this bag. It is big enough for my Galaxy S9 Phone and smaller items like tissues and credit cards. The strap is adjustable and the bag itself is very light weight. Only downside is there is no credit card slots that can hold them in place but I could have easily looked for another bag that had that. This serves its purpose.
Very cute and much better looking in person but runs big! I'm normally 8.5/9 and ordered 8.5 and is too big. I could've gone with an 8.
I like the look of the shoes. They seem to be of good quality. I usually wear a 7 and 1/2. I ordered an 8, and they are tight. I had to remove the soft cushion inserts. That helped ease some of the tightness. But now I don't have the soft inserts to walk on. They are fine shoes if you order them larger than your normal size.
My 9 year old daughter loves it
Color is a little different than I expected, but the shoes fit well and are very comfortable
I have been wanting a pair of Sorel boots for a while and finally bought these. They fit well and work as expected. However, they are quite heavy. Something to keep in mind if you plan to use them as causal warm boots vs snow only.
I have fat calves so I ordered a size larger than I needed to accommodate. I don't want to say that the item is somewhat small for that reason. I was well aware that that could be an issue for me. However, I was able to get my fat calves in them with a little work and am largely comfortable in them.
Clarks are always comfortable. I didn't like the patent leather look so I sent them back only for that reason.
I've reached the age where I need reading glasses and these work well. The lenses work well for reading or for not reading. I have an above average sized head and the glasses fit perfectly. And I look good in them. The only thing I have reservations about is how durable they are. They don't look that tough but I've only had them for a couple of days and they've held up so far.
Perfect little raincoat to carry in my purse or even in glove compartment of the car. Easy to get on an off. I'll love taking it to football games in the fall.
Very light material but well made, for me is the perfect size. My doctor recommended me to find a smaller lighter bag, so it would be easier on my shoulder. Loved the way it has 3 compartments and specific pocket for phone.
Cute but a little big
made a big hit with the great grandson
Super cute but they run a half size small 😏
Comfort on the ball of my foot.
That there is room for my toes that fits well and I will probably buy more
great item solid and works great and I look fantastic in them too
Only a month in if getting them, The front sole is already shredding up, foam is exposed, that would be my only complaint, they are very nice besides that.
They are good but slick on the bottom.
Surprised on the quality!! Got for my son and its on par with my ray bans!!
Nice shoe. More flexible than expected. Good shoe
Not as comfortable as the reviews made them seem. I had to buy shoe inserts, and I still not in love. Even with a larger size on I feel like my feet squish to the front of the shoe because of how little structure there is, so the tips of my toes hurt. But the side of my pinky toe doesn't hurt, which has been the problem with the other shoes. Probably great for working out in dry areas not so great for wearing for long periods of time. Moisture is easily let in by wet grass or floors. If your Achilles tendon is easily irritated these are not the shoes for you.
I replaced the thin insole with an $11 Dr. Scholl's, and these are the most comfortable boots I own. Actually, these are more like tall tennis shoes. I don't know how long they will last, but they are perfect right now. I walked all over the zoo yesterday for hours, and very comfortable.
Super cute, just way too big! If you're looking for OVERSIZE sunglasses, then this is perfect.
Really cute flats! I've received many compliments from coworkers and my fashionista daughter. They are so soft and comfortable, I love wearing them at my standing computer work station. They are as comfortable as slippers and fit me perfectly. I wear a 6.5 US and the equivalent Asian size was spot on. The only complaint I have is the shoes have a chemical smell, perhaps from the leather treatment.
I love the style and the color. The only thing that would have made it better would be some arch support.
Great quality. You can really tell the difference with the real Birkenstock. Too expensive though
It fits tightly get one size larger or a half if they've got it
they make my feet feel very comfortable they also make the boots fit nice
Great dance shoes. Quality was good, these ran a tad larger than expected. The width is a little wide. Overall, worked for my daughter who has a growing foot. Price was great and fast delivery.
Very comfortable shoe that runs a little small in size!
I like the flannel lined shoes. They ran small. I got a second pair the next size larger.
Darling shoe, poor quality and too tight around the toes, returning
They fit nicely and go with pretty much everything. The only issue I have is that the chains make a little rattling noise when you walk.
Comfortable from the very first time I put them on. Have had them for about 10 days now and am very satisfied.
They fit nicely into my shoes.
Added height and very soft
Comfortable boots. Fit well.
They straps are a little to big. Other then that the shoe is fine.
Doesn't close properly but nice don't ram it .just enough room for tissue, keys, mint or gum, no phones.
The slipper fit OK in the front, however the rear was about 2" too long.
These are super cute and comfortable. Go up a half size.
Grate for out doors, and a grate look
I love the boot ( this is my 2nd pair in black) but you keep sending me, 1 size too big.
I really like these because they are super comfortable but they are a little on the large side. I've tried putting multiple sticky heel things in there and they keep falling out. Frustrating because I wish I had just sent them back to get a 1/2 size smaller. Oh well you live and learn.
Great shoes. Very comfortable!! Rose gold seems to go with everything.
I really Like this water shoes, there were comfortable on my child
These are really comfortable sandals. My only complaint is that they are a little hard to get on because you have to pull up a fairly tight fitting rope over the heal. Other than that, great shoe!
These shoes are great, they work just as I expected to 👍👍👍
I first saw this product on wish but they didn't have my size. So, I found it on Amazon, although the price was much more. The shoes fit exactly as the reviews. There's no arch support, so I will have to purchase me some of those to give me more support. They are exactly like the picture.
Over all happy with the shoe.
Pretty and dainty! Little snug!
Overall very good first impressions. As others have said the shoes are very light. The laces cinch up really easy by just pulling from the last loop. Mine came with a spare set of brown laces. These shoes have a classic hiking boot look yet feel light on the foot, perfect combination. The only thing I don't like is that the waterproof webbing on the tongue only goes as high as the last loop and not all the way to the top of the boot. That's just plain stupid - it defeats half of the benefit of having mid height boots. I have some full height marine boots and the webbing goes all the way to the top of the tongue, allowing me to just walk through water as deep as the top of the boot.
I have been wearing these shoes for a couple years now. Love them.
Pretty good. I dislike the felt material because it feels rough. But it fits perfectly
Look just like the picture on thing there is no grip at the bottom of the shoe I went and purchased grips for bottom of shoe
Son loves the shoes, but they are really long compared to other sneakers,athletic shoes or boots.
Love it for my mom'just small'the embroidery is perfect
Got these for my 84 year old mother and she loves them ! They fit and feel like she had hoped.
The shoes seem comfortable upon first trying them on. Although my feet are not particularly skinny, I need to have the top strap on the smallest setting. In addition, the front strap (not adjustable) is very loose. People with narrow feet may find the shoes to be too loose. I followed the size guide and ordered the 8, however the 8.5 might have fit better. I'm posting a photo of the heel size since it seems to be a point of dispute. For me, the heel was 2 inches.
very light and comfortable!
I like most that they are comfortable and stylish to my son.
I bought these socks for Mom to use indoors not outdoors so they will last. The socks did fit except the top where the sock fit around the ankle is very tight and I had to cut away some of it to fit comfortably since Mom's ankles swell; regular socks are also too tight if they are not larger. I recommend these socks to anyone who has normal ankles without edema because of the tight fit at the top.
My husband really likes these but they were a bit too small. we ordered the next size up hopefully that will do the trick.
The slipper was comfortable, with good sole little bit small
Nice color and they're comfortable but they seem to run longer than other Sketchers we've purchased.
These sunglasses are very well made. They are a bit larger than expected. Advertised for both men or women.
Little stiffer than what I expected. Will have to wear with very thin socks or none at all - hence why I gave it 4 stars and not 5. Will also habe to be careful where I wear them and to not get get them wet because of the glitter. But what a fun purchase
I typically wear an 8 or 8.5 in tennis shoes and the reviews said to order half a size bigger, so I did and the 9 fits perfect with the shoe insert I have because they're not that squishy. They're perfect with a gel insole added. The reason for 4 Star is only because the stitching on one shoe at the top is a little wonky. And there's a weird piece that doesn't lay flat on the side of the shoe. I mean-they're for work and people say they're cute. That's fine by me for the price.
Arrived quickly. Looks just like the pics.
Super cute bag! Very good in size and has lots of room.
Great value! My husband uses these shoes for bartending at private events. They look professional and are very comfortable.
I loved this tote. The only part that I didn't like was that I thought the tote would be a little smaller than it was. If we're smaller by just a bit it would be perfect as a purse, but it it's more of an overnight bag or diaperbag size than a purse which is what i wanted it to be used as. So really my rating is based on what i needed it for personally rather than any negative feedback. The bag itself is made very well. The tote is adorable and I feel it will be a bag I have for a long time bc it's made out of quality material.
Love them. Incredibly comfy.
Extremely dark just like I wanted! Not exactly matte.
Comfy, but large around foot strap.
These are comfy but too big for my foot. I thought they'd be okay being a tad big so i kept them. The more you wear them they stretch so now they are really big. I'd suggested sizing down a size.
There are many good golf shoes in the market. These are very good option for their price
Good quality, but they're very large. They look very classy and do a good job going over glasses. I personally didn't like how dark the lens tint was, but if you want ultimate sun protection these glasses definitely have it. I ended up returning them, because they were way too big on my face.
A little snug but I like them and I will go up a size next time.
Ordered size 14 for this shoe, overall the fit and quality seemed good, however, as I walked around the house to try them out, I realized the rubber that wraps around the toe ended up pressing into my big toenail. And they are a tight size 14, and I knew when your feet swell a bit with hiking they would not be comfortable. So I reluctantly returned them Sadly, they don't carry a size 15, and there are no free returns for the size 14, I am out $12.95 for return shipping with nothing to show for it and hope I get a refund soon... :(
I was expecting a little better quality from Nike, but they are ok.
They are very cute, but too big for my antique doll I intended them for. I will save them for a baby shower!!
My friend wore these on a recent trip we were on together and highly recommended them. I ordered them when I got back home. The first ones I ordered, which were was a half size up from my typical size, were way too big. I returned them and ordered a half size down from my typical size and they fit perfect. Wore them to a concert with a dress and they were slightly uncomfortable at first between the toe, but were fine after several hours wearing them. They are cute with the bling and I can see them wearing them often. Dresses up any outfit and I received several compliments.
I liked them and the price was good.
I bought for my 15 year old and he was happy with them. Comfortable and easy to slip on. Not particularly that attractive but as I said, he likes them.
This bag is amazing and it's very functional and I love all the pockets.
Is OK but runs small
My husband love these golf shoes He said its like he doesn't even have shoes on there so comfortable he only wore them twice so we'll see how they hold up
They were very cute slippers and the baby loved them, just too small. Exact fit, no give at all. Even he said too tight.
These hiking boots are of great quality however this particular shoe was too small. I believe the size was mis-marked by the manufacturer because I purchased the same size/brand at a different store and it fit perfectly. This sellers return policy made it very easy to return the item for a refund.
It says the right size but one is bigger then the other .
Nice sandals, but my normal sizing in these were too long. Returned without issue
Purse has a nice pocket for cell phone.
Nice and good quality, bit trad is not solid.hollow on the inside
Seem to be high quality, as I expected from this brand. These are OVERSIZE. I read other reviews and saw that most people with half-size feet bought the size BELOW their usual half sized shoes. I did the same, buying size 9 for my 9.5 feet. EVEN the nines are a little long (not wide) for me and I cannot wear size nine regular shoes. So I am OK with mine, but be careful on sizing. Nice soles with adequate arches.
NICE BAG, BUT TOO DRESSY AND TOO BIG FOR EVERYDAY. THEREFORE I RETURN.
I need to wear socks to not get blisters. With socks, just what wanted. Would not use for gardening.
I normally wear a 9.5 in women's shoes and a 10 in sandals, and I ordered a 9 in women's - and they were still big on me. I think they'll work fine because they've got the drawstring to close. I haven't tried them out in water yet, but want to make sure they won't get pulled off my feet. If you want them normal or tighter, order a size down. Material is much comfier than other water shoes I've ordered on amazon and the arch support is super comfy.
They do the job and they appear to be of decent quality.
This is actually my second pair of these slippers. After three years of heavy daily wear -- including going out to the mailbox in all kinds of weather -- it's time to retire the old pair and start anew. These have a warm and comfortable fleece lining, and good fit: slightly snug, but I know from experience that they will stretch a bit. Very happy with these, and am looking forward to several years of cozy toes.
Worked as advertised. Fast shipping. No problems.
really soft and comfy. They fit as expected, because I ordered a half size larger than I usually wear, so I marked "somewhat small" in the box.
I love these slippers! I got home after c-section and my Ugg moccasin slippers wouldn't fit due to water retention. I ordered these a size up and they are a perfect replacement for my Ugg slippers while home on maternity leave.
Loved these glasses. They are very comfy and stylish. Only thing I have bad to say is that that scratched easy. Which was a problem for me..
Great boot needs better laces
You can fit an insole inside and may need it if you will be on your feet all day. But a good shoe, make sure to wear socks that go above the top of the boot
Good boots, a little on the hard side. Put in some cushions and they're great.
I was tired of replacing $100+ tennis every year for non-athletic purposes. I simply do a lot of walking. This were an excellent price and are great for every day use.
Worked out pretty well, took them on a ski trip and then a second snowy trip. So I've only worn them for about a week or two but they definitely worked out. Pretty warm, stepped in snow and puddles without a problem
I like the backpack and use it during the work week. I only have one issue and that is the long strap that can be used like a handbag, on one side the stitching is coming undone so I only use it as a backpack only.
The sole of these sandals is very comfortable but the strap is much too narrow, almost like a woman's sandal
havent tried it out yet. it smelled a bit weird and I havent gotten around to washing it. that's all. seems cute.
wish they were lighter in weight
Shoes are cute and looks as described in the picture, however they run small so if you wear a size 9 like I do then order a size 10. I'll probably give these shoes to my mom since her feet is a size small than mines and I'll order me another pair. Shoes are comfortable and very light on the feet. Although they have a sole I wouldn't recommend them to be worn as a shoe but they are very comfortable for swimming.
I have made some adjustments with the laces due to this new shoe and my feet. Good cushion insoles. Overall l am satisfied.
Super cute sandals, but they aren't EXACTLY as the picture shown. The picture shows the color of the straps to be colored on both sides (meaning also the side against your skin). It is tan on the inside and the color you chose on the outside. Which isn't a big deal...but if you want them to be exactly like the picture - they're not. I am usually between an 8.5 - 9. Sandals and sneakers 8.5 and heels 9. So I originally went with the 8.5. They were too tight felt like I was going to rip the straps from the sole putting them on and they hurt just in a still position. Felt very tight and constricted. I sent them back...waited for a refund (since they don't exchange) and ordered a 9. I feel they are cheaply made (but isn't everything these days)... but for the price - I love the way they look and the 9's fit much better. The sole is VERY thin. I thought I was going to feel every rock, pebble, and leaf through them, but they aren't bad at all. Note: If your feet sweat a lot they definitely slip.
Good looking shoe, easy on my feet.
It would be nice if these were sold in half sizes because they are huge but they are comfortable . It's just a little embarrassing to be sliding around in your own shoes in public...
Beautiful and excellent quality
I bought these because I now stare at two computer screens all day at work and felt like my eyes were strained when I got home. I also suffer from migraines. I don't know if these actually make a difference but it seems like it. The glasses themselves are pretty lightweight and flimsy, but they're about what you will expect for the price. As long as you handle them carefully and keep them in the provided case, I don't see there being a problem with longevity. The arms are kinda bendy so you can carefully bend them to fit better behind your ear.
my foot is wide and i fit in my true size. In closed toed i usually have to order a size up.
Very compact and slim. Only issue is that its a bit hard to get some of your cards out when all the card slots are filled.
Nice my friends like them.
I like the design except for the middle zippered pocket, it should be deeper. Also it had a very heavy dye smell that took 2 weeks to go away I almost returned it but the smell is finally gone.
Nice and light glasses that do the job of blocking blue light.
I bought these for my husband, while he felt there wasn't a huge difference I noticed he did not complain about oncoming headlights. That's a win.
I find these shoes very cute.
My duck feet waddle off to the side, but that is probably more of a personal problem. Solid construction and definitely true to size.
shoes seem to fit well, unfortunately, my husband's feet have several issues, such as heel spurs, plantar fasciitis, and hammer toes, he stands on feet all day at work for 9 hours per day, so I am hoping these shoes will help relieve some of those issues.
Great shoes super cute but the little rubber piece on the end of the heel broke and did not come with a replacement
I like the shoes. I wear the shoes. but barely get them tied because the Instep is not high enough for me. Could be great for you.
These are great sandals. Nice material and very comfortable. I stand at my desk most of the day and they were great from day one.
Very comfortable like being barefoot
I really like the look of the shoes and the price. I have a wide foot and no issues. I am used to buying the $150 shoes and tried these. Only issue was had to break in the heel. Rubbed me for awhile.. Update- shoes are comfortable. I wore them everyday for a year. The uppers are still in great shape. The soles have wore to the point i needed to replace them. I am very happy with this shoe.
These run a little large. Good to wear with socks.
took 2 weeks for delivery
too tight. needed to have stretched
This is very narrow at the bottom but may work for smaller cameras. The seller is very, very easy to work with and was very helpful to me.
The sandals arrived as expected and was packaged well. My foot size is 12 and the size fit perfect with no room for a larger size. I use the sandals solely for indoor use, they are comfortable without any socks, and they stay on my feet without slipping. They are constructed of a foam type material that has a topical color applied to it. The price for the sandals is decent for what I received. The only disappointment I've had is once the sandals receive some abrasions, the topical color will come off and expose the foam color. Cheaply made although worth the price I payed.
The product works well without the smell. I suspect shoe cleaner will be needed at some point on the scuffs, but after two weeks of keeping the shoes clean and conditioned greatly reduces the polishing required, haven't polished them yet and don't need to. Shoe shine service can work for the rest. Would have been a 5 but the brush is useless in my opinion. Better off getting a small kitchen scrub brush with a handle and bristles at the end, easier to use and gets in the hard to get to places better. Product is being used on black shoe with a glossy shine, that are worn almost every day in the construction industry.
Love these moccasins. Sturdy sole good for going outside or in. However the stitching around the top has come out on BOTH shoes. I have repaired it ok but expected more from Minnetonka.
Amazing, and comfortable at a great price!!
They are great to clean and walking in the rain.
Very nice bag, perfect size for everything I tend to carry with me everyday. The little free gifts that come with the bag aren't my cup of tea but still very nice!
Pros: -Very comfortable sole -Durable strap construction -Adjustable as they break in Cons: -The velcro doesn't extend across the entire strap, so the top strap tends to curl up at the end. These are the most comfortable and durable slide on sandals I have owned, and I have burned threw a few different brands. I chose them since their strap connection seems to be built into the sole and not just glued to the side like so many others. They are used as house shoes and are very comfortable. The only negative is that as I've tightened the straps more, the ends tend to curl up and sometimes get snagged on things. Extending the velcro further would have solved that.
I tried some expensive pairs of wood sunglasses and they were all flimsy, this pair holds up and for the cost I don't have to worry about them
This is my 2nd pair ,usually last me 1.5 -2 summers... comfortable and I like the look
Wore them around the house for the afternoon, then took them on a stroll to the grocery store. Since the shoe is canvas, I expect some stretch over time.
Gave me that 1/4 inch I need in length. Now I can wear my shoes instead of replacing them.
Brought this for my sister in law as a gift she loves pineapples, she loves it and the bag is pretty sturdy.
The boots are just as advertised. They run a tiny bit small perhaps but I ordered a half size up because I like to wear thick socks with boots and they fit fine. They aren't quite as comfortable as a more expensive boot with high tech support but for the price these are great boots. I would give them a 4.5 star
I like the diversity in the straps. There's plenty of room for my basic purse items and it's super cute!
I would recommend this slide. I fit my son perfectly, he wears them day and night
Really cute! Quality isn't fantastic, but that's to be expected with the price. I'll definitively get some good uses out of them this summer!
My left foot feels just right but the right is tight at the thong. I can't wear it like it is it makes my foot hurt
I mostly love these booties! They have a little bit of space at the tip of one shoe making it feel like it will slip off but it actually doesn't. Worth the money!
Great diaper bag, the leather strap is not durable though. I ended up ripping apart after one use but I can still hook the bag to my car seat with the 2 straps.
These work shoes are of good quality, but they're definitely just a little too tight!
I haven't used them much. Where I needed them they worked well
Straps are a little too tight even after wearing to break them in. I ordered a 7 - usually take a 7 (sometimes even a 6 1/2).
The bag was too small for me; but, I gave it as a gift and the receiver was thrilled.
The boots are very comfortable and light weight. I feel these boots are worth the money
My husband likes them, but must wear a thin pair of socks.
Slipped off of heel, would have rubbed a blister, returning.
they're just what I was looking for. I have several pairs of Keens that come with very similar laces and love them. one minor complaint. the locks are really hard to squeeze & pull.
The foot opening to get into the shoe is tighter than expected but the shoe overall fits nicely and it quite comfortable. I am not a runner, so I am wearing them around the office. For that purpose they are great... got 'em on right now!
Great service good product just a little small
I never received the 2nd brown pair and had to request a refund. Amazon was generous and understanding and immediately refunded the amount. But the black pair are amazing with a great well structured fit, and mad of the best quality. I didnt want a refund but another pair sent out.
Nice purse....but is Darker than the photo
They are well made. Unfortunately they fit way to small.
Each bag was nicely wrapped and came with a dust bag. Unfortunately the tote bag has 2 scratches on it but Amazon ordered a replacement with will receive within 2 days. Updated to follow.
I am older and the point where they hurt is by the big toe on my right foot. I have some hammer head on my foot and that hurts a little.
Pretty well made! The only reason I am giving a four is that they dig into my nose a little bit too much. But I still would recommend!
I bought this shoe originally because it was colorful and attractive, but it's ended up being a pretty well made shoe. I've never heard of the brand and wasn't expecting much. It's light weight, has great arch support and it's very comfortable. I'm impressed with the quality. I have comfortable walk support and receive lots of compliments.
I really like the purse. Good size, fits perfect, and cute. One thing I wish was that it had a zipper. There is a flap to close it but a zipper would be better.
Easy to slip on. Soft
I bought theses for my 3 year old daughter, love the look and quality is very good.
The quality of the shoe is surprisingly good, especially for the price! I read the reviews and got a size or two bigger. And because shoes usually stretch out it got alittle big for me. I wear size 7 and ended up getting a size 8. It's still really comfy, I'm just realizing that I'll have to wear thicker socks. But the overall quality is pretty good!
Great for youngsters
he shoe is wearing well and is conformable on concrete floors The only issue I have with these shoes is the laces. The device used to hold the laces tight does not work well. I have to retighten the laces several times during the day.
Great shoe but definitely order at least a half size up!!
The red glitter rubs off after one wear revealing the silver underneath. They are fine for one or two wears but not for lint terms dress up fun.
Super cute and comfy
Fit great, very comfortable, but the knit upper part holds fuzz and cat fur like crazy.
comfortable and elegant
Tiny stone can get inside while you are wearing them but you have to take off the shoe to get them out. This is my second pair and the insole is good for hiking. Keen makes a very good sandal.
I forgot these shoes are leather and it will take some time to break them in. I would have gotten a wider pair if they were available.
Happy with this purchase. Great size. Large enough but not too big where it would feel awkward or out of place if using the strap.
Very comfortable! Good quality, even a little bit of arch support. The only negative thing is that there is not much grip on the bottom.
I ordered an 11 even though I wear a 10-10 1/2. I'm glad I did. Length wise these were just right. And even though my feet aren't wide at all, they are a bit tight. A lot of reviewers mentioned this along with the comment that the fabric was so soft they had hope the slippers would stretch out. I agree the material is soft, but the problem is the upper seam (see photo). It's sewn way too tight. After wearing them for 7 hours I gave in and grabbed the front and heel and pulled. After doing this two times (gently) the tightness gave way. I no longer feel like they're digging into my skin. Aside from the above issue, I'm really glad I bought these. Warm feet, great soles, and low profile.
I bought this because I needed a long strap during winter. The short straps kept slipping off the shoulder of my coat. I pack everything in my work bag including my lunch and travel mug. It's narrow and tall instead of wider at the base.
Got a lot of compliments
Adorable sandals! I will be honest, at first when I took them out of the package....I wasn't quite sure of how they would look on. What I thought look like a silver type of braided rope on shoe off of website picture is actually a black & white braided rope on the shoe, no biggie! As soon as I put them on, I fell in love with them!
These are definitely sturdy glasses, but I bought them to replace the lenses with prescription lenses. I don't think it's possible with these glasses. But they are kinda cute so if you have good vision give them a try.
they fit a little big, but they stay on since they have shoe laces and not the Velcro type closure. She does not take them off like the other and she walks well with them. She will have them for a while and will grow into them. It was a great buy for me.
love the look, super soft BUT I have thin, narrow feet so the toe box is huge and the shoe easily falls off and didn't expect the sole to be so elevated. would be perfect for someone with wide/thicker feet but I'm a little disappointed
Flip flops are light and comfortable. The size is a bit small.
I've only wore them once and I'm on my feet most of the day. They felt broke in the first time wearing them and my feet felt good all day. The sole seemed a bit firm but not bad. I've had one other pair of Merrill's and loved them. Happy so far.
I love them but my husband doesn't - lol. I have the blue tint ones but one of the lenses looks like purple, which is why I left 4 stars instead of 5. They came in a soft pouch that will not save these glasses from being crushed but it's better than nothing. Fast shipping.
Bought these shoes for my daughter. She likes the Gt 2000 for running.
Shoes fit well but were very heavy
These are very cute and very comfy. I wasn't very happy with how they were packaged in a bag and not a box because they were pretty squished. But that can be fixed so not a huge deal. These are great for the gym.
These are the perfect height! Not too tall or two short perfect for work!
Purchased these as a gift for my son. He said they fit well and felt good on his feet.
Love them , although they looked cheaply made I still get a lot of comments on them and they're comfortable. Deff getting the white pair too
They look nice and are confortable to wear. Recomended.
Could be a little darker, but it's good
Fit a little small but extremely comfortable.
The fit was narrower than I had expected but will probably stretch out as I wear them more. Another problem may be that I have high arched feet. All that being said, they're a very nice slipper.
Item received as described.
Very comfy and nice looking shoe.
The yellow lenses are the best. It helps my husband and I in the dark so we can see the lines on the highway better! The blue are a bit too dark for our liking!
Great Great shoe great ruffles very comfortable but TOO wide. My feet were sliding out
Nice bag considering the price. I misread the discription and thought it was real leather. It is very hard to tell by looking at it though. It has a nice feel to it and the size is good, although I think all the pockets inside are a little overkill and actually take away some of the room. The two interchangeable straps are pretty handy and it is great that you don't need to have both straps attached at the same time. Some handbags do. This bag is nice looking, rather classy.
Great shoe for the price
Shoes looks good but are not too comfortable to use them for a long period of time, even though I bought them half a size bigger, (my size was too small) still runs small.
It's TRUE to fit. My coworkers are now getting a pair . As nurses we are on our feet alot so these shoes help
I like it but had to send it back because for my needs it was a bit small which is something many will want it for! Made with the Baggallini sturdiness and heavy duty closures.
Good quality frames, fast shipping. Hinges are really tight, I hope they don't break. They're not as dark as I would've liked, otherwise I would give them 5 stars.
daughter loved them. Seam at bottom soon gave out, she stitched it herself and wore them all winter long.
love this cute little bag, alittle small but a lot of room inside.
Fit a little wide for my 5 year old, he doesn't wear them as much as I would like because they slip down his face when he looks down
The antelope color is not the same as I expected it to be. Looks different online.
I love the built in closures. No messing with shoelaces and easy to adjust. The support within the shoe is also a great feature. All of my other running shoes always required an insert. These do not, thus saving me the cost of good inserts. I have run on trails and on city sidewalks and streets. Performance works great for me. This is my third pair.
For the price this is a really nice pair of boots. For the fit I said they run small. I did take the advice of other reviews and ordered up a size and they fit perfectly. The zippers are easy to use. I choose the double buckle brown fur lined. They look dressy/casual and feel moderately warm. The tread looks good, but I'm curious about what the soles are made of.They'll be put to the test when the snow flies. I want to test if they are slippery on a wet floor.
Cute. And could be comfortable but runs a bit large. Even a little swelling ;) can fill. I would order a half a size smaller than you are.
I LOVE Bearpaw boots and have always gotten this brand. These boots are awesome, keep your feet warm and stylish. However they are tedious to put on. I wanted boots that were easy to slip in and out of, and I've never had issues with other Bearpaws. I also have never had boots this short so I don't know if this is an issue with the style of boots or just the Koko boots. I wish they had a little tab to make your foot sliding in easier. I figured out that if you pull on the fluffy part and wiggle your foot it makes them easier to put on
I've had these shoes about a year. I'm a teacher and wear them about three days a week. They are comfortable all day and have the look I want. The look is not too dressy and not too casual. What I really like is that the shoes hold a shine. You can go a week or two between shines if your not too rough on them.
It's a shoe lace. It keeps my shoe on. It works. It was as long as at it claimed. It might be a little bit more "stretchy" (in length) than the pair I replaced, so it's a 4/5 star thing. But really, it'll work just fine for you. Good price.
These are really good glasses. They fit great and look good too.
A little longer than my other Teva's and may be a bit wider. I really like the feel of the soles.
These boots run very large. An entire size. Excellent tread. Excited to use, but had to return twice to get proper size.
Loved the boots I wore then to Chicago it was single digit temperature and my feet stayed cozy I recommend 🙂
Love the shoe, but was not true to size. I had to return and order up a whole size!
Got these for my brother. They were a bit tight from the top. He liked them but felt somewhat uncomfortable
Love this should have ordered a size bigger.
Too snug. Needed to get an 11 not 10
This was a gift for my mom she loves them and would recommend these house shoes.
Love these for dressy to casual they look stunning!
Great pair of boots. The fit is perfect, the inside is lined with a soft somewhat furry material that doesn't feel padded, which I really like. It quite literally hugs your feet but it's made in such a way that you can line it with socks for added warmth if you need to. It doesn't hurt that it's pretty, so all in all great purchase.
SO cute! and such a great price! I was in need of a new black leather bag for work and this has fit all the criteria for me! It holds a lot, is super comfy on my shoulder and I love that there is even an inside pocket! The perfect spot for me to throw my keys so they don't get lost in the other things inside the bag. Highly recommend if you don't want to break the bank for a simple black leather tote.
I love this bag and it was a great price. Two different straps...awesome!
I plopped this in my oversized leather tote and it's been a game-changer. I can find my keys and instantly feel like a more organized human. Totally recommend! If this review was helpful please let me know by clicking the “Helpful” button below the review.
Beautiful bag and is holding up perfectly
The perfect size. Very well constructed. I would definitely purchase again!!
Great shoe. Third pair I've owned over the past 3 years. Well worth the money.
This is probably my 6th pair of Reef Ginger flip flops. I purchase a new pair every other year, they are so comfy!
My daughter loves them
I get great compliment when I wear these
My son wear a 10 in men so I always go a half size Bigger with all his shoes / sneakers to give him room for growth. He wore these shoes for his 8th grade dance. He didn't complain about the fit at all. And they were on their his feet all night .
These glasses bring me such joy they work great and everyone loves to see them always getting smiles my way!!!
I bought these to use around the house instead of carpet slippers as they were making my feet sweat, and after being in work boots all day a bit of fresh air would not go a miss.
Very clear stylish lenses that help greatly in reducing light glare at night.
I love this Kors wristlet. The phone slot is big enough to leave my otter box on my Samsung. Perfectly fits necessities for easy going out wallet.
Feels great. My dad loved it.
Very soft and comfortable very light weight and cute
They fit me well and are very comfortable.
These are great fitting, very comfortable shoes. I've gotten several compliments on them. Love, love, love them!
Durable and comfortable. My 2nd pair. Dog chewed up 1st pair.
Bought a size 12 because that's what my 15yo wears for shoes but it was just a tad big so I returned it and got one size smaller.
These are the best over the counter readers I have ever bought, and believe me I've bought a "few" Stylish, durable with spring action at a very reasonable $$. HIGHLY recommend!
Loved these sandals. Needed closed toe shoes. Cute for the summer months.
I love these shoes and the price was just right! The sizing was great too!
happy wife-happy life
LOVE! Super cute and lightweight so my daughter wore them all day shopping and didn't complain, yet they kept her feet warm. Exactly the boot we were looking for!
Great price - well made - look good !
Go on easily - low matte finish-look better than Totes
Hubby loved these gel sneakers. They wear well and fit great, providing excellent comfort for his 50 year old feet.
My husband purchased these first and I loved them so much I bought a pair for myself but I'm a different color. Lol. We wore them on our honeymoon. They were perfect!
Really comfortable. Fits true to size.
I cant say enough good things I love the sunglasses . So cute on . Pretty and girly just what I wanted ..
Love these sandals. Fit great and offer good support!
My husband loves these shoes. So comfortable. I ordered my son a pair.
Love these! Never get tired of them. They form to my feet perfectly.
Box was worn down,but shoe is perfect and fit just right
loves these. comfortable and cool. the best
Got this one for my son.he is in love.they are super comfortable and lightweight.the wool inside is extremely warm.
My Granddaughters second pair in a larger size! We love these Minnie Mouse slippers!
I love this Saucony shoe - very comfortable G
Does exactly as it says. I can see. Light convenient and solid case, small size. Good price
Big fan of these shoes. Comfortable, stylish, fits to size. I got the gray ones but plan on getting more (size 11). Get a lot of compliments on them
I never had foot problems but I always wear shoes without support so I figure might as well stop the problem before it starts and let me say it makes Vans and Converse into completely different, more comfortable shoes.
I absolutely love this purse!!
My niece wears them all the time. It's hard to find boots that actually stay on her and she never kicks these off. So cute!
Fit fine and a high quality shoe.
Looked better in person ! Runs a little big but perfect to wear fuzzy socks with. Great deal
These are great ,and i will probably order a second pair
Great quality. Almost looks like real thing from far :) there is no Gucci logo. That's what gives it away :) Over all amazing size bag. Comes with two straps, leather and material stripped one. Took close up picture so you can see the quality of it. It's gooood. Both can be worn as cross body or as shoulder bag. I really like it honestly!!
excellent. exactly as ordered. fits great
These are my FAVORITE sunglasses. They have the best, crisp cat-eye shape and make me look glamorous even going to the grocery store. So amazing.
Yes I ordered the bedroom shoes they're nice I got the fur inside going to be warm this winter I like him good job. Amazon nice price and good deal and they fit real good thank you
LOVE LOVE these aqua shoes. I purchased a pair of aqua shoes and a pair of hiking sandals for a trip to Orlando Florida. The hiking shoes hurt my feet and got major blistered feet from wearing them. I wore the aqua shoes to every park there after. They were awesome!!! For the times we were not on a water ride I would wear them with socks. They felt like very comfy and light tennis shoes. When we would go on a water ride I would take my socks off and let the shoes do what they are supposed to do.
Very comfortable, and water drains and dries without sacrificing any comfort. Super light weight.
Technically not polarized, but very good lenses. My favorite pair
Good quality boot for the price. Very light and comfortable. Larger toe box for a relaxed fit.
These were a gift for my son for Christmas. They fit to size and look great.
Good sandal with arch support and comfortable footbed
Absolutely love the look and feel of these watershoes. They aren't like any other watershoes I've seen before. I usually wear a US size 9 but after reading the other reviews, I'm glad I went with a smaller size (I got an 8.5 in these).
These boots for immediately comfortable and I was able to wear them all day without any problems I did have difficulty keeping them from slouching down I kept tying them Tighter and Tighter at the top but honestly I think they're just going to slouch no matter what you do because they don't fit tightly around your legs. But other than that they're wonderful boot. They seem to be good quality
Loved it! It works as it should
These looked great at my wedding. They are larger bags and held everything my bridesmaids needed.
Exactly as described and pictured! I love them!
Excellent bag. I felt my credit card and passport info was safe from scanning.
This bag is light and easy to manage all your baby's stuff easily.
Excellent boot for the five hour milking shift that follows my eight hour work day. Flexible with enough traction in the milking parlor. I do add an insert to properly support my low to medium arch and I am all set!
I received these yesterday. Upon arrival they had a scratch on them from shipment. I emailed the seller and they got back to me today saying they would get a new pair out to me. Outside of the scratch the sunglasses are very well made and seem to do a great job at blocking out the bright sun. Defiantly recommended.
Comfortable and the waterproofing is great.
Used around the house.
I was worried this pair would fit large on my child, but it fit perfectly. It was difficult finding a pair my child would like and would fit well. They look cute and are stylish.
most comfortable shoes I've had in a decade! love it!!!!
Very comfortable and love the Look! Very nice shoe!
Comfortable and excellent for kayaking
Looks good and really comfy. Size is perfect lightweight doesn't look cheap.
Yes, I will be ordering more. These are perfect to bling out a shoe!!
Very nice sunglasses
Great look and finish. the shoelaces are a bit weird
Excellent running shoes. Bought two more pairs (different colors).
Love the comfort of these!!
These are the cutest things. SO soft and cozy... made my wife go out and buy a pair for herself.
My husband drives a truck and wears them all night, every night. He says they work great.
Love these shoes! Good quality
Got the beige..so cute very comfy.
Great product with a great price. I get lots of compliments.
Like the shoes because the were exactly what I wanted.
It is just what I wanted! Long strap, lots of pockets and it's Vera Bradley! I absolutely love this bag!
Love these sunglasses. They are perfect for summer and a great value for the money!
I bought a pair of Harley-Davidson brand boots several years ago, but they were always a little too narrow and uncomfortable to wear for long periods of time. I was about to toss them into the Goodwill bin when I thought of shoe stretchers. After reading a number of reviews for various brands and types, I bought these. I followed the directions and now my boots fit perfectly. I recommend giving these stretchers a try before getting rid of $100+ leather boots or shoes that are too tight. Just be patient and follow the included instructions. I also appreciate the inclusion of a long shoehorn, all packaged in a convenient bag.
Or my goodness theses sunnies are so adorable. The clarity is amazing and you can't go wrong with the value to quality. They are super nice. I definitely recommend especially if you enjoy changing styles to go along with outfits super cute
I gave this for a gift to congratulate a friend (whose name is Fox) on a new job. She loved it! I thought it was a key chain. It is! But it is also a change purse. It is very well made.
I absolutely LOVE this purse!!! It fits way more in it than I thought it would and was great for traveling!!! Bought an extra one for my mother for Christmas!
Love the Pale Color! I look like a Snow Bunny in Winter with these glasses. Lots of Compliments when I wear them! Sweet & Sexy.
I bought these glasses because I have serious problems with the sun's glare and reflective light from other vehicles. To say these glasses serve the purpose is an under statement. They cover my eyes even from the sides very well, and I might add without any reduction in my peripheral vision. As a wearer of glasses for many years now and having to buy two pears whenever I renew my prescription lenses one for my everyday indoor wear and sunshades for the outside this will definitely illuminate that problem. Bravo to the cost also, I will definitely be getting another pear.
Very comfortable, and I can't wait to put them on when I get home
These shoes are my favorite of all flip flops they are very durable and comfortable.
Love them!! Perfect for gardening and yard work. If you're going to wear socks, buy a half a size up. Or you can wear a pair of stockings.
Great cross body and very light weight
Very comfortable. Exactly what I was looking for.
For the price of the shoes, they're worth every penny. They fit great and my son like the way they look.
Nice quality pair of sunglasses for the price! Excellent return policy! Sold!
It was better than the picture that was used to advertize it. My wife loved it!
Two lady's very happy! Mother-in-law and Wife! Very Comfortable! Win for me!! Would work for camp shoes also!!
Very cute, fits perfect!
I love this bag. All the pockets let me keep organized. It's lightweight so it's not already heavy before you even start to fill it..
These are great flip flops but I have to say the sizing can be challenging! I kept going back in forth between an 8.5 and 8 (I'm a true 8.5). Ultimately I went with the 8 because the 8.5 were too long in the toe area...it just looked weird to me! The 8 was a better fit for me personally.
So comfortable! I am a nurse so I'm on my feet all day and these have really helped my legs
Crazy comfortable from moment one. And the look is awesome. Fantastic shoe.
Feels thin, but works well. A little snug for Woman size 11 Nike.
lots of zippered pockets, nice and light
These are the most suitable night vision glasses I have ever used. Driving at night does reduce glare. The products are well-made and can be stored forever, even on motorcycles. They are close to and reduce ventilation through the eyes.
Stylish and comfortable- can't go wrong there! And no break in period.. I usually get blisters on heel but these felt good right away. Cute look as well. Yes paying extra for the name brand but worth it as they feel good. Enjoy!
I have duck feet and most athletic shoes sold as "wide" aren't wide. These are wide as advertised. Thank you!
Sooooo cute and stylish! It's also lightweight and looks just like the picture. I cannot wait to use it all summer.
Bigger than what I expected. Gift for my daughter who loves this print
I ordered the wrong size by mistake, I was able to exchange for the correct size in 48 hours without a hassle, The product? It's an Adidas, I expected quality, well... I've got it, it's a very confortable shoe.
Perfect. Really cute
They fit well, are comfortable and we liked the colors
My favorite shoe. The footbed is just perfect.
These are sturdy and quite comfortable. They fit true to size and because of the wat the footbed is shaped they dont slip off.
Soft, comfortable, and fit perfectly.
I love these sunglasses!It's so cool to wear.The frame is metal and won't break easily. When I go fishing outside, I don't have to worry about my eyes being uncomfortable in the sun.The nose pad is designed so that the nose doesn't feel uncomfortable.A great purchase.
easy to walk in. stylish.
These were a little tight intially, but better tight than slipping off foot. They now fit exactly as they should, after several wears, and they don't seem to be getting any looser. These are wonderful for in the garden, or walking around the grass. I would urge avoiding sticker/goats head weeds, as the stickers go right through the material and into feet! Ouch! But at least when you pull your foot out the thorn doesn't stay in your foot! But still, best to avoid thorns and stickers. I like being barefoot most of the time. But these garden shoes are wonderful. I bought my husband a pair as well, to keep him from tracking dirt everywhere. A quick rinse off with the hose before coming in, and my floors are saved!
This is my 2nd pair of these. Traditional flip flops don't have any support, leaving me with aching arches. I live in these during summer, and my feet feel fine.
This bag is smaller than I expected but it is a great bag! I love it. If you are an organized person you will love all the pockets. So many pockets big and small. Five main compartments and then zippered pockets within. The bag fits so much in there. It is a nice looking bag too. Another really nice thing about it is it comes with two straps. Once strap is very short but not so short that you can't put it on your shoulder. The other one is very long and adjustable. You can shorten it to be a regular shoulder bag or lengthen it to be a cross body bag. I may have to buy this in another color.
Perfect exactly what I wanted ! Fast shipping ! Great seller A+ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
They are absolutely adorable and so comfy! They go so well with everything and my feet don't overheat in them! They fit perfectly, not too small and not to large, and I have slim feet and high arches, so that's not something I say often. I was genuinely suprised with how much cushion they have, these are the sweetest little slippers! I Love them so much! Would highly suggest for price and quality!
These have solved my problem trying to get my feet into my loafers. Fast service and nice looking product.
These are great slippers for the price. They are comfy and cozy but a little wide and stretch out fast. I got an 8 and an usually a 9 in most shoes. Already slipping off me feet a bit.
Simply put, these shoes are just as advertised. They look nice, they fit well, and they are a great price. If you are looking for some new black dress shoes look no further!
One of the best vibrant out there.
Worked good on helping me put my boots on
This is the second purse I bought from this company and I absolutely love them. I tend to be a little rough on my purses and my first one that has lasted me for several years now! Still is!!! I bought a second one for variety. If I wasn't on a such a tight budget, I'd buy more.
I liked the purse. I use it every day. it is nice to put all my things in to carry with me.
My wife loves them!!
I am a return customer. I have bought a lot of sunglasses from the seller.....I just bought 4 more and I love every single one. Excellent Seller...highly recommended.
Are the confused sandals ever.
This was my second pair of Merrell Moab shoes and have been great hiking shoes. Stitching has stayed together and soles have done well. Comfortable for long hikes in warm weather and soles are thick enough they take most of the brunt from rocky terrain. Would recommend for average hiker where ankle support isn't needed. Happy Hiking!
I've ordered these before, good for wide feet. Good price and arrived when expected.
How long it took to get them
Awesome shoes. My feet usually hurt all the time after working 20 plus years on concrete in steel toe shoes. These slides are the best comfortable shoes I've found. Immediately found relief on the first day, all day wearing them. Highly recommended these crocs!
Got these to accommodate my growing pregnancy feet. They fit really well & thoroughly meet my expectations. One small minor thing however, I don't like the style. They fit right, colors or okay, yet I don't like the style. It's just not my thing. Too wide, not enough contour
My doctor recommended I buy some crocs to help relieve plantar fasciitis. These are really cute, and they do help my feet. Wish there were other colors like black and navy. I wear a half size so I ordered half size up.
I like this product. It does help during night time driving.
Make them in a larger size.
got this as a gift for my daughter and she loves them. Says they are very stylish and comfortable. She is going order a second pair.
Flats are true to size and very cute for a good price. They are perfect for work. It took me a minute to figure out our to buckle them though. They made a little noise the first couple of times I wore them but it's stopping. I recommend these flats
Perfect size and silver chain can easily be removed for another strap! Love it!
Beautiful! Made really well for the price!
I bought these for an outdoor woodsy wedding and I couldn't be more happy with them. Granted I've only walked around the house so far but they fit great, the wide bands don't cause any rubbing or sharp edges and keep your foot from sliding down into the shoe. I'm so glad I found them and when a Clark show fits well, they are great. I'm not a high heal wearer at all, they kill me but these are fine.
Love the style and look of this bag. I wanted something casual with plenty of room for all my stuff and this bag is perfect!
Great shoes for vacation. Super comfy
I liked the cushion sole
I've always wanted a pair of docs and I thought these would be a great fit for the fall/winter. I first ordered the black pair in my true size, 9 in women's, and they fit a size too big. I returned the 9 for an 8 and they fit perfectly (similar to converse sizing differences)! I'm so glad I was able to exchange them!
Comfortable from the first time I wore them. A great looking ankle boot.
Shoes are very comfortable and stylish. For the price I payed I think this is the best work/casual pair I ever bought. Real leather, memory foam, great design, rubber soles.
These sandals fit true to size and are very comfortable. The sole is not too thin or too thick. Hold up well to daily use. Good value for the price!
Everyday these are great!
They are super comfy! And look cute with casual or business attire
I was sent this by mistake but I love so comfortable and cute
I wear and 8 and it fits snug.
These boots fit great. Just as they should. Very stylish and can be dressed up or down. The material looks great. They werent a bad price either.
These worked great for my son's 8th bday party
I liked the feel of the 1st pair so much, I ordered another of the same thing.
Fit great, looks great :)
I wear Vionic sandals exclusively because of foot issues but this is my first pair of Bella II style flip flops..very pleased with dressier appearance. The comfort level feels the same as other styles of Vionic flip flops. I bought the black patent and will also order the pewter in this style. Very happy with product and prompt delivery.
My wife ❤️❤️❤️ these shoes! Cute and fit good!
I wear these daily and this is my third pair in last 4 years. Very comfortable and they look great.
Definitely needed to be broken in first. They are very grippy on the bottom (a nice plus for me) but they actually chafed the top of my feet and caused some slight bleeding and scabbing. After about 2 weeks the chafing stopped and the shoe softened up enough to be perfectly comfortable. Be prepared and maybe wear them with socks or something for the first week or two.
product came sooner than expected and just as described. very nice for rainy muddy days.
The heels look great and are very comfortable
Again, another bag that looks great and has all the pockets a bag needs. Just NOT large enough.
Great shoe just to small. Quick easy return!
Great shoes! Very comfortable!!
This is always a great product
I purchased a pair from Costco in 2017, Love them. I looked for a black pair and finally found them. The grey were a bonus!
Nice shoe. They are short and wide compared to my other size 8 shoes but seem to fit.
This bag is excellent. I needed a black one for daily use, and it looks great. Proper size, good quality material, and it looks expensive even though it is economical.
Came new as advertised fit very well they look great. No problems at all with this purchase.
Not cheap looking at all, veryyyy nice looking bag!! Has plenty of room for everything and then some :)
These glasses are a phenomenal value and exactly what I needed. Well made! Great purchase.
I have wide feet and the shoe at first was slightly snug. But now wearing it for a second time they are so comfortable. I'm definitely buying another pair.
I love all Alegria shoes n I recommend them to everyone! Comfortable n Beautiful!
I dig em' and would buy another pair.
Fit great and she loved them.
I love these boots. They are super cute and look great with skinny jeans. I normally wear a size 7 and they fit perfect.
Bought them as a gift for my wife and she loved them. They appear to be well made of high quality materials.
Fit really well...and not just for men! And the clarity in the sun is great....perfect for the beach!
I love this bag!!!! It's huge!! Just what I needed. Has the long adjustable strap that I really wanted. The skull and studs are the icing on the cake!!!
This is the 4th time I have bought this brand weather boot or Shoe well worth every penny
Cool product comfortable
Got them for my son, he loves them.
One of my favorite tote bags out there for a decent price. The straps are really nice and seem like real leather. Overall, it's a very nice looking tote that I can fit a whole bunch of stuff in.
Good she for the price.
really cute shoes. worth the purchase.
good service and product as show on site
Love theses slippers! They are pretty to look at and comfy to wear!
Who doesn't like crocs?!
I got these to wear around the house the keep my feet warm on the cold floors. They work great! Size is a little smaller than I anticipated, but once broken in, they are fitting better and better. They are holding up well. Everything is holding together with no issues at all. I'm very happy with them.
I would definitely order these again and skechers are my favorite shoes
I recently took them to Mexico and wore the sandals a lot. They look great still.
It's a great and also very comfortable fit!
Had knee pain and this shoe made all the difference!
Love this wristlet. Nice quality. Nicer then what I expected.
So many options for different cool shades. I loved the shade I got. They are exactly as described. Suited me. Durable and sturdy. The frame is good, high quality. The grip is firm. Worth the price.
Bought these for husband. This is his 3rd or 4th pair! He spends a lot of time in his feet! He says they are comfortable & durable.
They are a bright red and are not to long.
Excellent flip flops, most comfortable pair I've ever owned!
Awesome tote bag and with a lot of space for you to use daily it also has a great texture and design. I have a baby and instead of using a diaper bag I use this bag to carry my stuff and my baby stuff everywhere. I highly recommend buying this bag!
Love Nike flip flops! The most comfortable flip flop to wear!
These shoes are absolutely BeAUtiful and very comfortable. Will definitely order again!!
Amazing glasses they are light weight, fit real comfortable and the nose, the only thing about this is the can crack real easy other then that I would buy again
Glad I made this purchase. Still holding up great after six months of daily use.
This was a very beautiful pair of pumps. I do have narrow feet and short toes and wear a true size 7. I would suggest going a 1/2 size up if you have narrow feet and a full size up if you have a wider foot. There were a little tight on my toes and have loosened up a little bit since I put them on today. They are worth the price and look just like the photo.
I love using them when I go out to parties. They're similar to house slippers and makes you feel better about taking your heels of but not dancing barefoot.
I have them on 2 different colors. Plan on ordering more. Super comfy for errands and a all around slip on sneakers.
Puma shoes always seem to run just a tad small. I wear a 7.5 and ordered and 8. They fit perfect. They are great for intense workouts and easy to clean.
Add style to our family of crocs (shoes) we love them
Great shoes! Good for price but kinda high for flip flops.
Super comfy and flexible and light! Use for work standing all day
I love these! They're very comfortable and surprisingly not hot in the summer.
Very comfortable shoes. Love them
I bought these boots for my husband who has bad feet and is hard to buy for. From the moment he put them on he loves them. I just ordered a 2nd pair because we are afraid they won't have his size later. Quality of the boot is excellent. Stitching is strong. Eyes on the boot are stronger than any other boots we've purchased. Can not say enough positive things about these boot.
These feel great in my shoes and I was so pleased with their comfort, that I ordered a second pair. Good quality item for the price.
Love these! New style this season & they are so beautiful! Definitely better in person. I had to size up by a half size though. Good return /reorder policy.
Love these boots. Wear them for everything but sleeping. Will continue to purchase this boot every year. Very well constructed, truly waterproof, and really great shoestrings which matters when wearing work boots. I haven't even added an insert for extra comfort because the original sole is super soft
I usually wear an 8 and sometimes an 8.5 US. I bought an 8.5 in the go walk joy and it's a great fit and very comfortable.
I have wanted a pair of Penny Loafers for a long time. Haven't worn them since High School but have had my eye on them for a while. Great quality and fit. One of my favorite purchases.
Love these sneakers. Only kind I wear. I need to buy another pair since I know they fit without trying them on.
Great golf shoe for the money
Just what I was looking for.
Cutest shoes. Get tons of compliments. Super comfortable!
These sandals are very rugged, but surprisingly also very comfortable. I held off writing this review until I had worn them a couple of times. All three front straps are individually adjustable, which is awesome. I was able to quickly tweak the straps. The sandals securely hold the foot. There is good arch and heel support. The price was fantastic too.
They were comfortable and fit properly.
Bought these to wear when taking the dog out in the middle of the night when there is snow on the ground. Very easy to get off and on. Very warm on the feet.
I purchase these for our stay at a resort in Mexico. Everyone said it was really slippery around the resort. These worked great. I never slipped once. I am normally a size 8 and ordered a size 8 and they fit perfect.
Perfect great workmanship
Chaco's are the best. They are ultra comfortable, long lasting, and have many different applications. My wife is a teacher and uses these for work because her school requires open-toe shoes have a heel strap.
I have had mine for 3 months now and all the bling is still in tact! Which is a huge plus for me. I always notice that's always the first thing to mess up. Cute keychain! Love it.
just what I needed for slipping on my loafers
Product was a described. Not really that cute but did the job
Nice inexpensive boot for everyday wear. I have a black and brown pair.
I love them and you won't regret ordering these shoes!
We love these shoes. Would buy again.
I bought these to throw on for running around in summer. They are still super comfy. These shoes had more “give” than I thought they would. I get lots of compliments about them.
Loved the packaging. The glasses are nice and comfortable to wear. If you have some vision problems you can adjust the glasses at your optical store. Or you can wear them as an accessory if you don't have any at all.
The cutest! Very soft - true to size. Love them
Bought them for my husband and he loves them!!! 💜
Good fit, 2nd pair, and long lasting
I sometimes wear a 9 1/2 or a 10 mostly size 10 but went with the 9. 1/2 in this boot after trying them on before buying. They fit snug at first but after wearing them they feel great. I have a fairly narrow foot so if you have a wider foot I would maybe get a bigger size. Love these boots!!!
They were great. Fit a little big but i figured. Go about a size or a half size smaller.
I have high arches so I put an extra insole in them. I love these boots! Totally comfy and stylish!
Has protected my phone through several drops.
Nice rubber boots. Most rain boots sold in the stores are flimsy plastic type material. This one is rubber and is just what's needed in a rainy climate. It fits as sized. Theres no need to size up.
This was a gift and was a huge hit! My college age niece loved it.
My daughter loves them, wears them each morning now that it has gotten cold. Fit as expected and seem to be holding up well so far.
Very cute and do what they are supposed to do.
Most comfortable shoe ever
Second pair....a bit tight at first, lots of cushy memory foam, I dont wear with socks but does losen up a bit with normal wear. I got the next size up to wear with socks. My achy feet after work love them
Fit and size was very good
Really like the design, the weight and support for the price!!
Love love love these little whales! Had them for over a month now and they're so cute! They do get scratched up though if you put them with keys but other than that they're really durable and adorable!
Love them!!' I got so many compliments!! They are super super comfortable and feel like they will last quite a while!
My son is very picky. And he loves these boots. That makes me very happy, not to mention they are very warm.
These are excellent shoelaces. My son always seem to destroy his Nike shoelaces. These are a fabulous replacement for them. I'm impressed with the quality of them.
I love it. Wanted it for a little makeup kit because I found them all over in my purse. Purse and card wallet are a set and the wristlet and wallet match it well.
Loose in the heel, but overall great product.
Wow, these shoes are cuter than I expected. They fit as they should have. I hope they are durable but I don't know that yet. Gift recipient was so happy with them!
I have wide feet, most often a 7 wide or 71/2 B will fit. The 71/2 in this shoe is an excellent fit. Such a good fit that I am a bit worried about stretching over time. However, for now my feet are dancing.
I purchased the black shoes for my husband to use during a hike and swim near waterfalls. They fit perfectly, were comfortable and had great grip for slippery rocks. Would definitely purchase again!
Boyfriend loves them. Had me order another pair for him.
really cute sneakers
Perfect size. Phone fits Perfect! Now I can put my phone in here put purse cross my body and run through the house without leaving my phone behind when I am waiting for some doctor to call. Thanks wonderful.
These hikers are great! I returned the 1st pair because they run a bit small so I needed a 1/2 size larger. 2 days after receiving them I went on a winter camp out and spent 2 days and nights walking around the mud and snow without a chance to break them in first. They have great traction and were completely dry. My feet were very comfortable.
I bought the excursion shoe a size smaller than I wear with the expectation that they are going to stretch over time. I have found that if I do this they become form fit to my feet. LIKE A GLOVE!
Got these for the river, they stay on good and secure while walking in the water, they are very comfortable and supportive I even walked the track in them one day ad was amazed at the comfort. Great fit, great look, great comfort!! And durable!!
Great comfortable shoe - just what I was looking for.
I love these shoes. They are so comfortable. There appears to be no arch support, but when you wear them it seems that there is. This especially important to me since in most shoes I have to wear orthotics because of food pain. With these I don't. Oh, and the shoes look like they are real leather but they aren't. All in all a great pair of shoes for a good price.
My 3 YO loves these slippers. She is obsessed with the color and loves that she can get them on and off herself.
Just as expected, they fit well and are comfortable.
These are very comfortable, right sized, convenient and good value for money. I'm on my second pair and I highly recommend them.
The most comfortable sneakers I ever have
Love these boots. I would just say if you are going to wear big socks size up.
Super cute. Has held up to beach and 2 kids so far
Bought these for my daughter and she loves them.
Bought these boots and in love
It's hard to wear sunglasses. I put them in my wallet, put them on my head, throw them into the car and throw them down. I wear sunglasses all year, so I often need new ones. These glasses are cheap and inexpensive. These wires will hold me for up to a few months before they break. Rubber will last longer and it looks like I can drop them several times. So why are five-star reviews? I expect this quality at this price (Golden Day). They look cute, fit well and shine on my face. In fact, all sunglasses on Amazon are the same, just different sellers, so when I lose them or sit on them, I will move on without any tears. A product that is worth purchasing. It's worth trusting.
Super cute. Surprisingly comfy
I got this pair of sandals since I need something light and casual to walk with. I got my usual size but it was a little large on my feet. Gave it to my sister who loved it. She ended up walking in it and told me it's very comfortable for walking. Seems like a super good deal for the price.
Are these high quality? No but they aren't terrible either. I love them for what I wear them for and that's just occasional fashion. I always get compliments when I wear them!
Fast delivery & product as advertised
Very nice and comfortable shoe. Thank to others reviews they were correct if you have small slim feet go one size down. Usually 7 and 6.5 fit perfect!!!! speedy delivery.
If your are looking for a comfortable, stylish, breathable, and lightweight shoe... this it. Material is good quality. Shipped and arrived before schedule. Very Satisfied!
Great quality and super cute!
fits great. My husband always complains that he has a larger head.. these fit really well. The polarized lenses made it comfortable when outside.
Great boots at a good price, fast service, received sooner than expected.
Super cute, light weight and comfortable to wear. I don't wear glasses normally, but I do get headaches after working on my phone and computer for long periods of time. These are so nice.
My daughter loves these boots comfy stylish and durable
Maui Jim is always great!
Love this purse set! I use the medium sized one for work and the larger one is my daily purse/diaper bag. It is so cute and just the right size to hold everything I need for myself and my infant daughter!
Buy this for mi sister, she like it, well made, looks very nice, but toe box is a bit NARROW,
These fit and feel great! I still hate running!
Beautiful! A little on the larger size if you have a small face. But overall I love it :) It's a great fancy pair if you need one that is more than just casual sunglasses.
These exceeded my expectations. High quality lenses, solidly built frame. I love them.
Best boots I've ever owned. ....I'll buy more in the future. ......
Work out just as i wanted them to
Some styles with cinched styling on sides of toebox make it necessary for me to get Wide size to accommodate my left foot This style is just fabulous, light as a feather and there is NO break in time.... Great shoes!
I've been dancing in them for 2 hours without any feet discomfort! Love it!
Much prettier than your usual Ugg boot. Slender profile. Fits a little more snug than your regular Ugg boot. True to size.
Shoes are amazing. They look great and they are very comfortable . Love it.
Comfortable and securely fitting deck shoes
The color is exactly as pictured. The fit perfect with socks. And the match my coat 😊
Runs a half size large. I wear an 8 and the 7.5 fit perfectly. Very warm. I have never had warm feet until I wore these boots.
cushioning very good and toe box more comfortable than old nikes and adidas.
Sturdy, roomy bag -- just what I was looking for. Made of durable material that will be easy to clean when needed. Has several pockets inside.
I love these! So cute and comfortable for wearing standing on my feet all day.
I wear a size 6 but bought size 7 and they fit perfectly...very comfortable
Fabulous insole for high arches and plantar fasciitis. I have them in all my athletic shoes.
Very light and comfortable
I originally bought these from Macys but my dog chewed them apart. I searched everywhere and found them on Amazon for about $10 less and was so happy. They are the best flips flops I've ever had. The sole is foam and very comfy to walk for miles on. The thong is fabric and does not bother between my toes at all like some cheap plastic flip flops do. The only thing is if your feet are wet they may squeak a little from wet foot against foam but I don't care because they are comfy. Love these Roxy sandals!
perfect fit, they are beautiful, I love them.
Very comfortable. Like sole as can wear outside also. Would purchase again.
this is a comfortable shoe
The lights on the bottom of the shoes are awesome. My little one always says he is super fast in them!
I gave these for my wife, for her birthday. She absolutely loves them.
Very nice bag. The quality was great.
Just wore these for the very first time today, for a few hours, and have gotten LOADS of compliments.
These boots are perfect !! Great Buy
Identical to the Duco's
Awesome Vans! Just what my daughter wanted.
Bag quality looks amazing, packaging was really good and shipping was super fast. The bag also has a large pocket. I bought this bag a while ago, and still haven't used it yet. I love the size and the colors are nice. The nylon is casual yet not too casual. The construction is very well done. I highly recommend this bag.
Great fitting shoe. The insole is removable so I can insert my orthodics underneath and get the benefit of the cushioning of original insole. The dark gray color is very classy and the aqua trim and laces brighten it up. I will enjoy wearing these on my upcoming vacation.
Third pair I have. Use them in the garage, working out and on my deck. Totally comfortable and affordable.
These boots are so awesome! Just got them in time for biggest snow we have had in some time and played with my daughter and nephews in the snow for over an hour and my feet were nice and toasty and completely DRY! I bought these for the Bears game Sunday (GO BEARS!!) and I hope they hold up well for that cause last year I froze with just tennis shoes! Try these, you will love them!
I can't believe how comfortable these shoes are! I stand all day on my job and these keep my feet super comfortable all day long with no problem. I bought an extra pair to have on hand just in case the style # is discontinued as is so often the case with items when you find just the right thing and the style numbers change so you don't know how to reorder. I never want to be without these shoes and I highly recommend them to all.
So cute and my daughter loves it.
They work great and there is no glare like other glasses I've worn.
These are so perfect! They fit as expected and the height was exactly what I was looking for; a perfect little kitten heel!
I use these daily, and they work well. I really wasn't sure what to expect at this price point, but these were definitely worth the cost, and make the case that spending more would be a waste. I do have to say that they're pretty fragile-feeling, but they give no sign of breaking.
comfortable, fun style, should be great to use on fishing trip in alaska!
This bag is phenomenal! It is very large but still looks classy, beautiful, and professional. I constantly work on the go and have two laptops that I use on a regular basis (pictured) and I needed a bag that would suffice to carry my laptops, paperwork, as well as what I typically carry in my purse (this was an attempt to condense all of my stuff to one bag for daily use). This bag holds all of that with room to spare. I cannot praise this bags enough. The quality is impeccable and it has so much space. There is a photo of the inside of the bag, and you can barely even see the two laptops in it. I can't forget to mention that I CONSTANTLY get compliments on this bag.
I purchased and wore a size which I found to be a bit too small. Ordered the next size up and this has become my absolute favorite 'go to' shoe that is semi formal in appearance. I actually ordered a second pair because it's that nice!
Authentic! Great price, wife loves them.
Awesome shoes, great quality. My daughter is so happy with it. Recommended!
I love these boots! When I opened the package, Perfect shoes! So cute and adorable.I LOVE IT as much as I LOVE these new ankle boots! Love the cutouts on side which is why I chose these. They look good with any summer or winter dress and cardigan. I highly recommend this style from this vendor. Doesn't get much better for sure!
Great quality, professional look.
Comfortable and easy on/off.
Perfect--they saved my old Oakley's. A little hard to slide onto the bows, but once I got them on the glasses look and feel like new.
My son loves it and can easily put on and take them off. I had originally got the wrong size but had no issues returning the boots and exchange for the right size.
I think they are very cute and for the price the quality was better than expected. I will reorder in different colors when they are on sale again.
Perfectly made good quality one. Highly recommended
Excelent boots are comfortable
I love this purse. It's vey well made. No frays. The design is cut in very clean and it closes very securely. It has some slots for your cards or license so they're not just lost on the bottom and the strap has a great range for shoulder or crossbody carry.
Stylish, black , reasonably priced with gold trim .
I love this purse!! It is the perfect size for me. You can fit your phone, compact, lipstick, money, & a couple of other small items. All the essentials. I am buying one for my daughter as well.
Love these boots and the brand. I have four pairs of them and they are all so beautifully individual and classy.
Reviews were mixed about sizing, so I decided to go a half size up. While they are a bit too big, tightening the strap and adding a heel grip solves the problem. As to the style and quality, they are lovely! They are a little bit on the orangey side of gold, rather than a yellow gold, but still work well.
I am in love with these shoes. The toe box is very different yet makes sense to let your toes spread. They make you want to jump for joy/
The style and the fit
Comfortable and incredibly light
First I put my left foot into the sandal, made a few rocking motions to get up to the top of the sandal. I next put my right foot into the opening and made the same foot rocking motion. The top of the sandal glided over my instep and held securely. Then before you could say flip flop I rose to my feet and discovered a supportive fit. No rocking, no heel hang, just almost like a custom fit for my feet. The first few steps were like a cloud of air that were strong and uplifting. I hopped like a bunny to discover how well they fit and were supportive to my quick moves. Wonderful
Dressy, but comfortable.
Super cute coin purse, and great quality.
I brought them as a gift for my father in law he loved them thank you so very much. He is very hard to buy for so if he loves them they must be the real deal.
Got these for my husband and he loves them! Very comfy!
Seem durable. Bit quite able to slip on. Warm.
My sister loved them.
Good fit for the price.
These boots are quite comfy! I am on my feet for 10 hours a day at work and my feet are happy at the end of the day. I'm thinking about getting another pair in a different color....Definitely would recommend.
Perfect fit! Love the way they look too!! 👍🏽
These slippers are very comfortable and very well made. They are easy to slip on and the fur liner is so soft and warm. The bottom of the soles are like shoes which keep you from slipping on smooth surfaces. The suede part of the slipper is of great quality, and the color is gorgeous. I absolutely love them, they would make a great gift as well.
I really like these shoes they are so comfortable
Love these boots. They are super light and fit great. Will be wearing this particular style for a long time to come.
This is an update to the review below: Upon seeing my review, the seller, Mr Happy Store, immediately sent me an email wondering what they could do to make us happy with our purchase. I explained that, although the glasses are too small for my son, he liked them and didn't want to return them. He likely will not wear them, but it's his gift to return, or not return. The Mr Happy Store offered me a 30% refund, which I felt was generous, considering we didn't return them. They also pointed out the sizing of their glasses on the website. I very much appreciated their customer service and willingness to work with their customers. Their product is well made and stylish. As I said in my first review, they are small on my kid, but I would check the dimensions and take a chance if you like the look. This seller is very responsive, so you can't lose anything! Bought these for my son. Firstly, I read reviews before my purchase, regarding size and quality. My son is built like a football player, he's tall and has an extra large head/face. Someone mentioned they fit a large face, so I took a chance. They are much too small for his face. The quality is good and the lenses are, indeed, as dark as they say. If you're sporting a head that fits a large frame, these might not be for you. Maybe the manufacturer could make a larger version of their round sunglasses?
Great boots!! We got this for our girls for Christmas. We have a lot of rain and snow occasional snow and these have been super helpful. They fit great and the soft fur inside gives extra comfort and warmth. Love the waterproof material as well!
Great quality, as good as if not more sturdy than my Ray Bans. Good to take to places you may lose them (i.e. concerts, the beach) if you don't want to lose an expensive pair. Unfortunately mine fell victim to my recent adventures, ordering again. Only complaint is that I should get commission on how many of these I got my friends to buy. ;)
I love this! It's the perfect size. It can really fit a lot and it's super cute.
Granddaughter loves them!
I'm so impressed with the quality! I wish you have bigger size for my older son too.
Bought it for my mom to use at my wedding. Loved it!
Beautiful handbag. I don't usually spend this much on a bag but I have got a great, quality bag. Will probably make more purchases in the future. Yellow is the color I ordered and will be my bag of choice through the summer.
Asics running shoes always fit well and feel good starting with the first stride of the first run. These are no exception.
Exactly what I needed! The two pairs came in handy too.
These are a great item, I love them. If you hate tying shoes, these are for you. LOVE THEM
I like it. A great shoes.
Feels great right out of the box.
Very sturdy boot for wet work
Great price. Good quality. These glasses are a boon for me because I can't read anything without them. I am able to keep a pair at every spot where I might be reading. Have purchased them twice because I want to make sure I have extras. I tend to leave them places. The spring hinge makes them more durable than other glasses I have bought.
Great slide on if you looking to be comfortable
Use them every day right over my glasses. They are great.
These night driving glasses are great. It takes a few times wearing them that the full extent of their benefit is seen, but they really do help with the glare.
These are just as described. Love the slim profile and that they fit in a hard case. Very good quality and they work as expected.
I bought these shoes because I had started a new job and was walking upwards of 5 miles a night on concrete. The shoes I was using just didn't get the job done. The first night I used these Rockport shoes I could tell a huge difference! My lower back didn't tighten up and my feet felt much better at the end of the shift. I have no problem recommending these to anyone who has to stand or walk on a hard surface like concrete for extended periods of times. On the plus side they are a good looking shoe!
Absolutely love these shoes. They are a bit big, but that is what I was looking for. My son has a somewhat larger/wider foot and he can keep these for longer! I will be ordering in every size!
I wear an 8 1/2 and purchased a size 9 they are a little snug but fit well.
I decide to buy this shoe again., When this item get a discount, Restaurant is one of the most serious problems facing the water and detergent, these chemicals corrosion shoe glue, often a few months so my shoes often have to be changed, restaurant shoe always need waterproof, that make a problem is non breathable, well as airtight, maked very smelly. This shoes is a integrated, only 3 small hole in the arches (fortunately not some design opens in the vamp, ) meet the requirement of waterproof and breathable, vendors too concerned, also with very good quality insoles, my feet always feel pain when I use new shoe for first day, but this shoe make me so surprised, after whole day I didn't feel any pain.
The boots fit perfectly. They're great looking. I'm very happy with them.
Fits perfectly and very comfortable. They're also light weight and not heavy.
I bought these as Christmas gifts, and love them so much I'm buying my own! Excellent quality, and much thicker than I expected, which was a pleasant surprise.
I work on a computer all day and normally have a headache by the end of the day. After wearing these glasses, I don't have headaches. They work great! I got a second pair for home use
The order arrived on time and works well. My grandson is happy with them and the price was right.
Very comfortable, warm, and cushioned (memory-foam.) I ordered 1/2 size larger than normal, and they fit perfectly. Couldn't ask for nicer slippers.
Comfortable and well constructed!
These fit like a glove! I usually wear 37.5 but got these in 38 and I'm so glad I did! They look stunning!
I love Vionic shoes. I own several pairs of the flip flop type. For the cooler months I decided to purchase slip on sneaker type. Love them as well. Great fit & arch.
I've always been into big huge bags to throw everything in BUT I got tired of it being so cluttered. I was scared to get a smaller bag but I really love this one. It is so cute and doesn't seem cheap. This bag is perfect for the price and left me with enough room for more stuff. With all the compartments it's just perfect and it all zippers up and closes securely. I'm super happy I got this bag, I love and recommend it!
Kid loves these shoes... Being wearing the same style for a long time. I like them too, but I reminded him Skechers carry more than one style.
I was pleasantly surprised when I received this purse. The leather is very soft andit looks really nice. It also has alot of pockets and room. I am very please!
Fast shipping and excellent product.
Needed a different size. Reordered. Love the shoe well made.
Excellent quality, roomy toe box, comfortable and durable. I use them for jogging and the gym (cardio, weights, etc.) I also have an old ankle injury and these shoes do provide good support for my ankle. Like them better than Nike because of how stable my ankles feel when I wear them.
Looks nice and are very comfortable. I have a couple of older pair of these so this pair is more for dress up while in Hawaii.
My sister in law loves these. She wears them all the time.
Quality seemed low at first but they are very soft and comfy for my 4yr old
Love the product but they came into small and that is my normal size
My husband was looking for a pair of brown sunglasses which is harder to come across than you would think. He wanted something inexpensive and light weight but that looked nice. These are perfect!
Very comfortable. My favorite new brand for me
Slippers are all perfect
Not too much to say about it but I love it and I love the way it fits and it was just the way I wanted it
This purse is amazing! It's super big on the Inside and had a couple big pockets! I wasn't sure I was gonna like it but I love it! It's perfect for what I need it for!
This was a great purchase I need an extra wide fit and this fit perfectly. Seems to be standing up to the heavy use which I need. Very happy.
Love these!! Super cute and comfortable, they stay on my face and I can slide them up on my head when I go inside!
This is my new favorite shoe. It fits great and feels great on my feet. Great choice. I walk a lot and this shoe is very conferrable.
These feel so good. I just got them today and don't want to take them off ever. Plantar fasciitis feels SO much better almost instantly. I may get a pair just to wear inside and take this pair to beach.
Really comfortable shoes. They look a little odd, not having laces. Once I got past that though, I've been really happy with them.
The price of the shoe caught my attention. Ordered not really knowing what to expect. Apparently I ordered a 1/2 size larger than I usually wear. (Don't know why I did that now.) Shoes fit perfectly. They are sooooo comfortable! I love them and have gotten so many compliments. After arriving I tried to order another pair but there were none in my size in the colors I would have wanted.
This is my 5th pair of these. I have had them for years. Thanks
This pair of glasses is cute, although a little bigger than it looks, but it does not affect my favorite pair of glasses. But I bought the glasses in order to stop the damage of blue light to my eye. I have to say that they did a good job in this respect.
These slippers are comfortable and fit is true to size. The boyfriend really likes these and would order again.
I love this bag it's really spacious and seems to be constructed very well.
Cute, not super comfy but really not that bad!
We love these laces-buy them every school year for my daughter who is too busy playing to tie her shoes!
I really like these. They are perfect for rain. Also I like wearing them when I'm out in the mud at our land because they rinse off easy. Also super cute!:)
I have to wear steel toed shoes and I hate always have to tying my shoes. I found these no tie shoelaces and watched the instructional video and figured these would suit me just fine. So when I received my pair (mind you it comes is a very cute package), I reviewed the video again as I didn't want to mess it up. The instructional video is SO helpful and so easy to follow. I am on my feet all day and these laces are fabulous. They stay in place and are comfortable. I never have to worry about laces coming undone. These are a must have! Thank you for developing a great product.
Love the shoes, just don't like how they left my shoes in the door so someone can get them.
I love these!!! I can wear these all day, the sole has not worn down, which usually i wear out a pair a flip flops within a month. Will buy again!
They were nicer than expected for the price. I am very pleased.
Got here quick and it was awesome 👍
Very nice pair of reading glasses. They came packaged in a sturdy box and the lenses were wrapped in a cling type plastic. They hold exceptionally well when looking straight down. They don't squeeze your head and the rubber grips on the earpiece really help keep them in place. I will buy these again when it's time.
So glad to be able to order the shoes via Amazon! They always fit perfectly and are consistent from pair to pair
Beautiful. I have two pairs of Ecco wingtips in cognac color. Ecco currently does not make a polish in that hue. I had heard good things about Saphir, so I gave it a try. The cream is rich, and thick, and has the scent I associate with shoe polish as a kid...that aroma surrounding a shoe shine chair at an airport, or at a nice hotel. I applied with a paper towel. I smoothed it out and gave it 10 minutes to dry. It buffed up to a very nice color and shine. This is a keeper. Highly recommended.
Love these shoes! They are light and comfy
I bought new shoes recently which are a little bit small for me. This shoe stretcher really works!It is a high quality product, in addition, I've used this on several shoe's and it works great!It was very enjoyable to purchase such a great product with such high guality.
True to size, stylish AND very comfortable!! Love them!!! This is my second pair!!😍
Dressy enough for most summer occasions
Great presentation on time delivery happy to do business with you.
My fiancée loves this purse/hand bag very much!!!!!
My son says they are very comfortable and easy to put on and take off
very good job guys! have received it box in the box! none of them damaged. all of them packed very well. hubby is happy! love them. 10 for one price its great deal.
I requested these glasses for evening time driving after waterfall medical procedure. My eyes are significantly more delicate to light after the strategy, particularly the headlights of approaching vehicles. The glasses truly help with that issue, and I feel increasingly good driving during the evening now. I additionally play pickleball, and am anticipating wearing these next time I play in an area where glare off the floor is an issue.
These are great! I have a lot of trouble finding sandals that adjust to fit my narrow feet but these work perfectly. The only pair I've found that really are adjustable.
Very please with the fit. Great shoes
Love them. Great for walking my pup!
Slim Wallet. Fits about any card that you've got. The color is amazing, and the packaging it comes in is elegant and chic. Love this thing I've already gotten so many compliments on it.
These boots are warm, fit right and really cute. I get alot of compliments on them.
These shoes look great and are a good value.
Buy one size up! They are great shoes!
Wear for work. My second pair love them
I love the way it looks. It fits a lot of my things in it, and was perfect to take on a trip.
10-10.5 size fit perfectly in my size 11 shoes after removing the stock insoles. I guess that makes them slightly large, but worked great for me. Good stiff orthopedic inserts.
I bought this for my friend for a road trip since backpacks weren't allowed in the canyon. She's wearing it in the photo. I love that it's vegan. The color is so pretty, like wine. The tassels are cute. It's bigger than I thought it would be, but that's because I was searching for something tiny. You can fit quite a bit of stuff in it. She had a wallet, phone, charger, a rolled-up T-shirt, (don't ask), and little makeup items. The inside looks classy with the stripes. Very sophisticated and cruelty-free. Buy it if you need something easier to carry than the everyday suitcase-purse!
For such a simple device it works! Simple as that. I should have gotten this years ago!
Love these. Quite happy with this purchase. Soft, warm, comfy, snuggly, & sturdily made with rubber soles suitable for a stroll to the mailbox. Just what I was looking for!
My husband loves these. He has worn Rockports for over 35 years and is on his feet a lot and this brand has always been consistent and comfortable. He really likes the slip-ons.
Extremely comfortable and a perfect fit. You can practically run with them.
First pair of Sketchers I have ever owned. Great product.
Hubby loves his shoes!
Fits as stated, extremely comfortable
Exactly what I ordered.
These are so comfortable and I just love them!
Hands down a 10 out of 10! I don't wear heels but wanted to added a little flare to an outfit, this pair of shoes did the trick. The are super sturdy and were comfortable all day!
My grandson loved them!
My wife love it!!!!!!!!!!!!! great gift
Love this purse. Wish they made more colors cause I'd buy them. It's well-made, especially for the price. The chain is very heavy and the bag is sturdy. Smells nice as well. Sometimes cheaper bags can have a chemical scent but this doesn't. Great buy!
Very happy with them
These are literally the most comfortable heels/wedges I've ever tried. I wore them to walk around in for my bachelorette trip, and ended up using them for my wedding AND a few times in my honeymoon too! My feet didn't hurt AT ALL after my wedding night! These are seriously the best and so cute!
I bought both of my sons a pair of these a couple years ago and now they refuse to wear any other kind of slides! The inside has a very firm but cushioned padding that they love. They wear them on a regular basis with or without socks. Definitely a brand to keep using.
These shoes are wonderful. The first time I wore them I was at a dog show all day, on my feet on concrete floors, and I was amazed that my legs and feet and back did not hurt!! These is such a plus for me.
These are one of the only types of shoe that I can wear. I need the support and stability that they provide or else I have a tendency to pull my arch. I NEVER have that problem while wearing these tho I do swap the factory insole for something better. Anyway, they may be pricy, but the cost is worth it for the health of your feet.
I love these shoes! Very vibrant white and comfortable. The bottoms are s little slippery though even with the tread. Perfect indoor gym shoes!
Very cute - I am a big fan of squeaker shoes - we had them for our Great Granddaughter and now for our Great Grandson.
Wife wanted a nice purse. With this one, she got it.
The glasses are just as advertised, and they come with a case and carabiner. There is also a tiny tool included to adjust or repair the glasses. Great fit and they do their job perfectly! Great value and I would definitely buy again.
Nice quality sneaker - heavier than most sketcher shoes but actually great for plantar facitis since it is a semi rigid sole - really cute floral embroidery with silver accents
My husband loves theses shoes. They are study but light weight. They look good with jeans and jogging pants. We got the Charcoal for him. Love the color. They really look grey .You really need to buy then a size larger .
I loved these shoes for my three year old they fit well and are so cute ! I have ocd so i don't like him walking around the pool area barefoot after his swim lessons
These running/walking shoes are very comfortable. I put many miles on these shoes for walking, not as much running. Very good looking, incredibly comfortable and durable. Love them
Great quality- You might mistake them for real glasses! Packaging is nice and I will be saving it to store away the glasses for next year's costume.
I got the multicolored ones and they're great. Usually circular glasses don't look good on me but since these are so oversized they seem like they'd suit anyone's face.
Bought for my granddaughter, she was very happy and sizing is a true size.
Cute, comfy but easily come off.
Finally, a pretty band that fits my Alta snugly, doesn't take a genius to figure out how to adjust it, is reasonably priced, well made, and won't turn my arm green or break after a few days of use. I had just about given up on finding a new band for my tracker that wasn't made of ugly cheap plastic like the band it comes with when purchased. The whole point of buying the Alta model of a Fitbit was the fact that it was waterproof and supposedly held a charge for 7-10 days, which means after a full charge I should be able to wear the tracker for 7-10 days, without removing it during that time frame. I knew the band the Alta came with was functional but ugly, but I had done some research and discovered that there were all sorts of replacement bands available to purchase, unlike the Fitbit HR I currently owned, which comes with an attached band that isn't removeable. So I bought the Alta model, and started looking for a nice band for it. I really wanted something in sterling silver, but was never able to find a band made in silver, so instead I spent $100 on a stainless steel bangle made by a designer who will go unnamed, it lasted about 6 months, then the plastic insert that connected the bangle to the tracker broke and fell out, leaving me with a useless bangle that couldn't be repaired or refunded or exchanged. After that, I bought several other bands advertised to be stainless steel but weren't, and a few leather bands that were so cheaply made they broke after a few wears. I bet at this point I have wasted more money on bands than I spent on the actual tracker to start with. Another issue was the bands all came with shiny chrome-like metal clips where they attached to the tracker, and the Alta is made of a burnished silver, so the clips and the tracker didn't match and it looked stupid. maybe I'm the only one who has had this problem, but I find that hard to believe. This last time I ordered 4 bands from four different companies, a black band, metal, similar to a watch band, with a metal clasp, a brown leather band with a buckle clasp, a double wrap band made with metal links advertised as stainless steel and embellished with semi-precious stones, and this band. This band and the black band are the only two I'm keeping, and I may have to return the black one as well, despite having come with a tool and directions for use, I haven't been able to remove any links to adjust it and in its current size it's unwearable. This band is pretty and doesn't look like a strictly sport/athletic band, like the plastic bands do, so I can wear it with other jewelry without it sticking out like a big black rubber thumb, it's elastic/stretchy, so it doesn't require adjustment in order to use it, the clips which attach the band to the tracker are the same burnished steel as the tracker and match it, providing a seamless fit when the tracker and the band are connected, and finally the band is reasonably priced. Whether or not it's durable remains to be seen, but if it isn't then I'm only out $10 versus $100.
My 4 year old even wears them!
I read reviews before purchase and sized up. That worked perfectly for me. The slippers are light and comfortable and I have worn out doors
I absolutely love it! It's just what I was looking for! Perfect size. I can hold my wallet, phone, keys, lip gloss. Think I need to order another one in a different color!
I love these cute slippers! I bought the 6.5-7.5 size. They run small, but I am a 6 1/2 shoe size and my feet in to the edge of the back. So for me, they work.
Bag constructed of sturdy materials and well designed. Bought this for my son so he can either use it as a shoulder bag or wrap it around his waist. This bag will work best as a shoulder bag and has good compartment for his iPad and small zip pockets for wallet or other small stuff. Overall pleased with this bag. I will get another one for my husband.
Got these for a gift for my daughter as she steals mine that I have in a different color. I have been a Sanuk fan for years.
Very nice sandal, great construction, comfortable
These are SO comfortable! I find men's flip flops way more comfortable then women's. Love they have the frayed look too!
Absolutely gorgeous sunglasses. Well made, polarized and very expensive looking. Get TONS of compliments. Will be ordering other colors.
Very cute and great price. Looks just like description
Very comfortable flip flops!
Everything as Described !!
If you have a dog,dance wanna be spoken to,just crazy enough. man so over the top..biggest problem..which sneakers(over 200 pair) basic CONVERSE leather hi-tops go with every color I mix & match my shoes.If you gotta get,get these..still got 1 more pair..WHERE decision???????? thanks very hip love LED shit for my dog and me
I've gotten a lot of compliments for these oxfords. It looks classy and the quality is great and it's really affordable. They also fit my wide feet well and gives me a little height! Would definitely recommend ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Love these, my first Vionic purchase. My daughter wears them, I copied, happy I did.
Gorgeous little shoe. Great alternative to the high heel if you're not trying to sacrifice style. I ordered a size 9 and I typically wear 8.5. It fit great. There was no slack and the bands did not rub my toes nor ankles. I have shorter wider feet.
I really like how heavy duty this thing is! And I like the color. Just what I needed.
Durable, warm and comfortable. The only slippers we use in our family.
The shoe is soft and comfortable for my nephew and he loves to run in it, he wore it for 2 days without any scratches. Only thing is that if the ankle area strap has the soft snap is better because if ankle if chubby, then it may scratch. My nephew's ankle was just right.
I really like the design of this sunglasses...it looks very cool when i put it on...the glasses can reflects the pink color which fits girls well...it is comfortable and modern...especially i like the box of this sunglasses which is made of bamboo...very interesting and creative...i love it
I like the way they fit and feel. They are water proof this way you can get in a little bit of water and not have to worry about your socks getting wet.
Amazing,soft comfortable and size according to size chart was accurate. A+ product!!!
Yeah, It does what i needed.
Well worth the money
Great bag; good quality. Has room for everything I need.
Good and dark. Had it for almost a year and they still work well. Not bad for something this affordable.
These glasses are the best! Affordable, great fit and polarized.
So far so good. I've worn out several pairs of Bates enforcers. I'm hopeful these live up to expectations. My enforcers has the rubber sole separate from leather by the toe box. A little epoxy and I was back in business. Maybe I'm too hard on my boots, but my feet are worth it!!
Though i have a little more room that expected it is very comfortable and i wear them all the time.
Shoes fit really well I have pain in my heel and these Clark sandals feel good all day
Doesn't look cheap and it's not bulky at all! It was perfect for our vacation!!
Very comfortable, great to wear to work and out and about!
I bought these for my son. He loves them. They are comfy and easy to get on and off. He loves the style, and so far the have held up well!
When I opened the package I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the reading glasses. For the price I honestly wasn't expecting much...I just needed a couple of extra pairs. However, the glasses are actually the nicest reading glasses I own!!!
Just received the Seiko watch band. It is great. It is a little darker color than the original but it looks great. I know some have commented that the watch band was made in China and not Japan, however if they had bothered to check they would have found that the original band sold with the watch was also made in China. The watch is made in Japan but the band has always been made in China. I highly recommend this replacement band. It is a little pricey but it is a great looking band and well worth the price
I absolutely love this bag! It's the perfect size. I had an issue with my bag after the return time period was still valid. They have AMAZING customer service!!
I've ordered these cedar shoe trees a few times now as I've purchased more shoes and have need more shoe trees. They fit great, keep a great shape and smell fantastic. The build quality is very solid and I'd highly recommend them.
i love that they are so convenient. The frames look great!
My husband loved these shoes,he said they are very comfortable.
Vet cute, loved by me and my roommate's dog as well, whose love keeps him to biting the ear on it.
good quality stitching and materials!
My husband is very happy with the slippers in every way.
Shoes are very nice and can be worn casual or dressy. A little big on the width but comfortable none the less.
These are very cute and super comfortable, love the suede lining. There is no break-in period required for these. Great for all day wear, even theme parks. But I would recommend ordering a half size or even a whole size down. I typically wear a 9 1/2 or 10 in other brands, but I am a 9 in Chaco sandals and a 9 1/2 in Chaco closed-toe shoes.
Soft leather, simple and generous style, very practical, very like
I bought these shoes for a recent white water rafting trip. The shoes fit true to size and are incredibly comfortable to walk in. They have good traction in water so when I had to get out of the boat, I did not slip on rocks. They also dry fast. I would highly recommend them!
This bra is so comfortable. I feel like it gives me great support while sleeping. I wear a 36 DD and i ordered this in an Xl and it fits really well.
Excellent comfort and quality. This is my second pair. Love sketchers!!
Got for my 18 year old son, he loves them and they look sharp and are well made
Beautiful bag. Excellent quality. I highly recommend.
Clear and no blurs or issues in lense. VERY light ... almost cheap/plastic feeling ... not sure how they will hold up. Well packaged and come with cleaning cloths, case, etc. Satisfied with purchase.
It is so cute and comfortable.
They are cute, comfy, and fit perfect. They also have a good cushion inside.
I bought this as an alternative work bag and end up carrying it more like a purse. It's pretty stiff structure - not a lot of give. When I carry a laptop there's not a ton of room left. I get tons of compliments on this bag. The Turquoise color is amazing with the texture of the bag. I've owned for almost 4 months and have used daily for the last 2 months (mostly papers and wallet/keys, a few days a week with a laptop) and no signs of wear or tear yet.
It looks great! Fits great! And perfect for the gym or walking. The best part is that they aren't bulky, they're just right.
Great shoes...wear them as lloyd the time.
Didn't think I'd like them as much as I do and Cute too! Pleasantly surprised! I'd buy again for sure
Love them for their comfort and durability
Absolutely love these shoes. No break in. I wore them for 10 days (straight out of the box) on a trip that took me from San Francisco to Phoenix. Lots of hiking in desert, over rocks and on asphalt. Very comfortable. Grips everything except wet concrete.
purse looks exactly like picture nice material and color. I highly recommend!
Light weight and comfortable
Been wanting & looking for Chelsea Boots for awhile & they're either too expensive or don't look good. These fit both the expense & looks really well! Been wearing lots to get that broken in look going on......So far So good--Highly recommend!
My Fiance loves them...
Comfortable and fit well. Great for stepping out on your porch with the rubber soles. Or just not skipping waking on tile.
Perfect fit, and good quality. My granddaughter will probably outgrow them before they wear out.
Wow these boots are beautiful, soft and sexy...every step I took I got a complement. At the mall people were turning their head and checking them out. Highly recommending it. Very comfortable too. I usually wear 8.5 bought 8.00 and it was great.
I normally wear a 9 1/2 or 10 and after reading reviews that they run large a bought a size 11 and they fit perfectly. Very comfortable and easy to slide on and off. If your in the market for warm and comfortable slippers, these fit the bill.
True to size, ordered a 7 and it fit perfectly. Super cute summer sandal that can be dressed up or dressed down. Very comfortable.
Always a quality shoe for me and very comfortable!
Great pair of shoe's for the money !!! Fit's a little large, but on the real cold nights I put on sock's with them and they fit a whole lot better. I would order a size down from your normal foot size. Hope this help's.
These are so cute and comfortable! Just as described.
great sneaker. very comfortable...I ordered a shirt to match..great price. shipping came in 2 days..I love them..
Great insoles. My shoes are comfy and warm.
These help being on my feet all day.
As described. Purchased for my husband, he loves them. Very durable. Great for the price. Must buy
Luv them. This is the third pair of this style I've Owned.
I was a little concerned when purchasing these boots based off the other reviews saying they are really hard to get on. These were SO easy to get on. I've struggled with boots so I know how hard some can be especially with socks but I was shocked my foot slid into them with zero issue whatsoever (edit: left foot went in zero issue, right foot took a little wiggling but ive had boots that were WAY harder to get into). They are light weight but durable, a little more fitting in the foot and slightly looser on the calf. I am a size 12 and have a larger calf, these were perfect height/size. The little tab on the back is a cute touch and they just have a really sleek look to them with a great tread. I almost want to get another pair because I can already tell these are going to be my main boots for as long as they last.
I have a very wide foot, 11 EE . This shoe has good support so my instep doesn't look like it's bulging out the sides and top. Very satisfied with this shoe
This is my fourth pair and they are great walking shoes. Very comfortable.
Got these for my niece and she loves them. They are super cute and durable.
work well for reading frames are durable.
Replacing previous pair that lasted two years and would've lasted longer if hubby didn't where them as slide on slippers at times. These are a good purchase. Heavy duty, made to last, keep feet dry. Comfortable too!
Got this for my wife as an early mother's day gift and she loves the color and quality of it. Would recommend this if you want to make your girlfriend or wife happy.
use they lots. Do not need to carry the RFID case. Slim enough to fit in a small space without the bulk.
Really good, I had to return the first because the size is really small, but now it's fits well
Great looking and comfortable
I have edema that causes my foot to be swollen on the top. I buy shoes in larger sizes with wide widths to accommodate this issue. The first time I needed a little help getting the top of the shoe over my edema. Once on, the shoe was comfortable - not tight. Toe box is wide and comfortable, I can wiggle my toes without feeling like I'll end up with an ingrown nail.
Love these rain boots. The fit is perfect. I'm planning to buy more.
Lovely heels to go with my outfits for day or night!
Easy to slip on to run out and walk the dog or get the mail. Also to wear for trips to the post office, vet appointments, sturdy enough and attractive enough for casual outings. Keep them by the door so they are handy to slip into quickly! Really pleased with this product!
Great Service, Quality Product!
I went with the size up as others suggested since these aren't available in half sizes. They are a great fit and arrived right on time.
These are actually really nice shoes for kids.
Bought these for my son that wears a 14. They fit perfectly and arrived quickly. Will order again.
great house shoes...gives a little arch support that you won't get by wearing just socks or going barefoot around the house
Just got my glasses today and I love them. The style is very cute, the glasses are not big, but they have that slightly larger lens frame that is in style right now. I think the size is accurate since this is the style I was looking for. The glasses are very sturdy and came with a sturdy case as well as a cloth to clean the lenses and some small pieces to replace/adjust the parts of the glasses. I look at computer screens/tablets all day between work and school. I study everything on my tablet and I've wearing them for 45 minutes and until removing them off to see if they make a difference, and wow they really do. It makes the colors on the screen appear slightly warmer which is just the right amount for the eyes. You can literally feel your eyes trying to adjust to the blue light once you remove the glasses. I tend to study late which is already straining on my eyes because I stare at a bright tablet, but this just made my studying so much more comfortable. Really pleased with this purchase I highly recommend to those who use screens a majority of the day
Got these for my work boots.
These are gorgeous and surprisingly sturdy. They come with extra crystals in case you lose one!
Beautiful!!! Stylish & Arrived speedily!!
Very good looking and well made.
I love this purse, because it's high quality, fashion forward, and functional. I have been using this purse for over a year.
So far very happy with these shoes. Good fit, great support, strong grip for hiking. First pair, but won't be my last.
These sunglasses are amazing for the price. Beautifully designed and work as well as any sunglasses I have ever bought. including expensive ones. The polarization and anti-glare is exceptional.
I will be buying more of these! I love them!
Could not take the smell
So in love with these docs!!!! Happy Birthday to me!!!!
Great price and quality!
This product is of good quality and comfortable to wear. This product is reliable.
I get so many compliments on these boots. They are beautiful and I love the comfort and style. Will definitely be purchasing in more colors or even the same pair once I ware them out.
I like these flip flops because they are comfortable and easy to slip into around the house. I bought my first pair at DSW to take to the lake. I liked them so much that I looked for another pair to keep by the door when I go into the garden. If they get wet, they dry out quickly. They have a strap across the toe area that is slightly adjustable, which is important to me because I have narrow feet.
My boyfriend loves them he wears them often. Great fix as well.
Loved them they are too cute!
Easy to use, works perfect.
Better quality than I thought they would be. I go through a lot of sunglasses. Nice to get some for a price I'm okay with when I loose, scratch, or break them.
Absolutely love them. They fit perfect.
This is a very good product. It blocks strong wind blowing to my sensitive eyes!
I like the product; it is a simple shoe horn but just what I wanted
I am so pleased with this bag. Very roomy and I love the style.
Know the size you need
My husband love it! they fit perfectly!
i'm obsessed with these boots! they are now my favorite shoes that i own. you can dress the up or down, they are definitely a statement maker with any outfit you choose to rock! 10/10 recommend.
Love it bag was it hit.....
Looks goos not cheep and fit just little tight but will stretch out ok. Very comfortable
Purchased this organizer to go inside my new Louis Vuitton Neverfull MM purse. The fit and color matches perfectly ! The organizer has so much space and pockets for absolutely everything . Also holds all of my makeup. Can't imagine having my purse without it ! This is a must buy
Footbed sheds occasionally but not a big deal. perfect for college dorm or gift idea
My middle-schooler loves his NIKE slides! I spent $25 and it was worth every penny!
My granddaughter is happy with these. They were a good purchase, and I recommend them. Flexible sole.
I ordered these for my vacation in Ireland and Iceland and I must say these boots are awesome! Exactly what I was looking for. They are comfy, lightweight, and waterproof! I am a size 7 but I ordered a half size up to make space for thick socks.
Fast shipping and the water shoes are so comfortable.
With really wide feet Ive always struggled with shoes. Im a mechanic and even my wide steel toe boots would leave my feet callused badly on the sides and tops of my toes from being squished. I decided to go with something comfortable and with better slip resistance than boots. These fit the bill and luckily they fit true to size and they have an EXTRA wide option. My feet have never felt better in a pair of shoes. Id wear these almost anywhere to be honest.
I love this bag and I get so many complements on it. The metal is a bit cheap but it functions very well and I love it.
This bag is nice and roomy and durable. Exactly as pictured. Love it!
When I first tried them on I loved everything about them except the loop seemed to irritate my toes. That was an hour ago. Since I liked them so much, I've been working the toe loops, and now they seem to be fine. I used to wear flip flops, but was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis last year, so I have to be very careful with the shoes I wear. I'm hoping these will be the answer because I really like them. At least there's a lot more support than flip flops.
The laces could have been better quality
❤ Good shoe for the price I paid. Its comfortable and great for a standing job
They come in a tiny case that is perfect for my purse. The glasses looked small when I first saw them but ended up fitting perfectly. I liked them so much I showed them around at work and ended up ordering another set for a co-worker
Great shoes for inhouse use
I need arch support & these shoes do the job! After walking around the whole day, my feet felt fine! Love them and the price!
Bought these for my little one for my dads wedding! Came perfectly boxed and fit just as good!
great bag, very lightweight and MANY pockets
These are great shoes. Very comfortable. Great value.
Love these! Our son is 4 months old and although he is in the slightly larger size for his age I went ahead and got a bigger size and went with the 12-18 month size. It's not like he is using them to walk around so even though they are a little bigger the size works out... then I won't have to buy a new pair when he out grows them next month lol. They are like shoes but not. They work out great when he's in his exersaucer. It's a little chilly out right now so they work out great for the season! I can wait till he starts walking... when that time comes this will probably work out great! The buttons and elastic do great at holding them on his feet
MY boots where hard to get on. I like then to much to throw away so I stretch then now they slide on and off easy.
Looks just like the picture. Goes with anything.
This is an amazing shoe, especially for the price. I got these for my son and ordered another one for myself after trying them out. I can finally walk my dog in the cold, wet weather without my toes going numb.
Shipped quickly and on time. It was packaged well and sent in a new box. Looks like they are made well and they are in perfect condition. The color is as described and I will shop to see if this company has more shoes I like.
this is a very cute shoe, goes with everything and has great support. I normally wear a size 9 and this was a perfect fit, just as expected.
Perfect for my giant tote and keeping things organized
Love these boots. Very comfortable, and a great price. I would (and already have) recommend these to a friend. Good for hiking and nice and warm.
I LOVE THESE!!! They seem very well made and I've already worn them in the snow without any issues so I'm not sure what the negative reviews are about. Maybe they improved the boot. They are very comfortable and look so cute. I get many compliments on my holly boots. I bought grey and when I need to replace my tan and black boots I'll be getting these.
I absolutely love these I wore them to work all day today they were so comfy and cute they will be perfect for a pin up outfit.
I love these. They are exactly as pictured, arrived quickly, fits perfectly. I can wear them all day and my feet do not hurt. They are such cute sneaker,s very stylish and, they are not too heavy or too light...just perfect!!. Also came with an adorable bag!
Love this bag it's very spacious and is very fashionable
Shoes fit true to size and feel very comfortable they look very nice great for working out.
My 11 year old loves these.
Just beautifully confy
My wife loves these sunglasses and they look great on her!
These are some of the most comfortable, lightweight shoes I've ever worn. I will definitely be ordering again in the future!
Best shoe ever. Just wished they had more color variety. I usually wear size 9.5 shoe bought size 9 fit perfect. I have other expensive shoes for my Orange Theory workouts but these are so comfortable and fit just right. I want more colors.
I've used these laces for several years in all my running shoes since first trying them for triathlons. They don't come untied, there's a little flexibility for comfort and support when running and you can just slip the shoes on and off quickly and easily.
Product looks and feels good. Quality is as expected.
It's perfect! My dad loves his new case!
Great at work, using these during pregnancy and I work in a hospital. Very happy!
Very nice color and size! Not too over the top just like i like it.
Comfortable and breathes just right. I just wish it came with more motivation to wake up and run more!!!
Great comfy stylish shoes!
Highly recommend. Cute and colorful crossbody.
Absolutely love these! Great quality. I ordered ultra violet and they look exactly as pictured. I have a small head and they fit perfectly. I run with them and they're comfortable and don't bounce around. They also don't scratch. Will be purchasing more in the future.
If you haven't bought these yet, hurry and get them before they sell out ! I wish I found them years ago. Every time I wear them I get comments from strangers on how much they love my sandals ! keep the ties lose and in the slip on position that way you can slip thru the laces and right into the platform wedge. I criss-cross them over my lower ankle and try to tie up above them. Don't tie too tight they will cause your ankles to swell and thats not pretty. My TOP PICK of the summer wedge. GET THEM IN WHITE , A MUST Dina, Boston, MA
They are definitely a riding boot not hiking shoe. They do loosen up a bit after waking around but still not the most comfortable everyday shoe. They are super comfy when comparing to a typical riding boot. I was little nervous of the big heal thinking it would look goofy but it really doesn't and isn't that noticeable with pants on.
Get these with every pair of shoes you buy.
Soft and comfy. Easy to slip on and off. No strap between my toes.
These boots are true to size and very comfortable. The inside is lined with fur so it keeps my feet toasty.
Have used them twice and performed the job well. I've had Asics in the past that lasted a long time, so I hope these do the same
Love this little bag. It's a good size. Larger than my other crossbody bag I replaced with this, but holds a good amount and it's cute! For the price, I would definitely recommend! It also looks like real leather, but isn't, so I'm very happy with my purchase.
Ordered these a half size up to get a great price, about a third of the price. Skechers are the only shoes that fit my feet. The half size up isn't too much, these were the regular width shoes and are the only that actually fit my feet. In other brands normally need a wider shoe and usually doesn't even matter for fit
I loved the packaging! Arrived within 2 days and it was exactly what I wanted & expected!
I like it holds everything I need
She is the we're cute
Love the bag. There shouldn't be a question about the fit though.
Great Boot! I had a little problem at first getting the boot on and off due to its tight ankle fit but it seems to get easier with each time. I did get over the calf sock liners and a boot jack and voila! It is a comfortable fitting boot and the material feels like it will last a lifetime.
Have not worn them ice fishing yet but wore them outside today in cold weather all day for about 6 hours and my feet never got cold. The ice will be the big test
I wear these casual and I wear them to work. They are comfortable enough (sneaker like) to wear all day, but still have the cute look of a heel. It doesnt hurt to walk. I have great support. They fit snug yet roomy. Hard to explain other than a perfect good purchase! On my way to buy another color!
I love these. I got a half size larger and can easily slip in my bare feet to go out and get my mail. Comfy & warm. love the wine color too.
These are actually pretty comfortable and they look amazing. Awesome boots for the price, for sure!
Almost immediately I started to feel a difference. The arch support and comfort on my heels started making my foot pain go away.
Loved everything about them. A little wide so I just wear thicker socks. They are extremely comfortable. Perfect for cold weather.
Great bag for the price
Comfortable shoes, great fit and they look great. My husband loves them!!
The size was as advertised, I take a 9 and it fits perfectly, it has a zipper up the back which does not get in the way when riding, I purchased these boots for a wider calf, and they fit comfortably. I enjoy wearing them when I ride my horse.
My daughter loves them. They are cute and they are perfect for the summer months.
The best shoelaces I have ever own this shoelaces are well made
These shoes are so comfortable. Bought my first pair 1 1/2 years ago and wore them so much, I wore them out. Hope they keep coming out with more colors!
My granddaughter loves these shoes. They looked better than I expected. Extremely cute. She wants to wear them every day to school.
Bought 6.5 that's usually my size and it fits fine! Room to wiggle! Laces fits all the way up to the top, other reviews says lace was short mine wasn't. Like the shoes it's comfy! Looks good with shorts. If you want to wear long pants under the sneakers then I suggest a half size up so it fits the pants inside the shoes. Leggings wouldn't be a problem since it's thin! Just loosen the laces a little no big deal. I'm happy with it overall!
I absolutely NEVER leave reviews on purchases, I typically don't have the time, but that's the first place I look when I am making a purchase. I was referred to this bag by a friend and was nervous - I love the real thing, but just can't stomach paying the equivalent of a month's mortgage on a handbag, so dupes have always caught my eye. I read all the reviews, checked out all the photos and bit the bullet and purchased from the seller Beauty good - not only is my bag PERFECT and trust me I have very carefully examined it next to my friend's real deal and you can't tell the difference, but it also arrived WAY earlier then it was supposed to. Wonderful customer service and I will absolutely purchase from this seller again in the future!
A very comfortable shoe. Good support and it looks good. The sole looks like it should hold up. I especially like the light weight and the ease of getting them on and off. Not use to buying shoes online but this was a real winner.I would recommend this slip on and the speedy delivery. Jim
I noticed they didn't have my size 6 but they had 6.5 so I ordered that. They fit! They fit perfectly and not much wiggle room so I'd say these run small. They are narrow also, but that's no issue for me because I don't have wide feet. They are comfortable but lack arch support. No biggie though, I'll just insert some. Super cute. Can't wait for spring to wear them.
These are too cute! exactly as pictured!
I absolutely love Merrell's and these did not disappoint. I wore these on 17 mile drive and was able to climb up and down the rocks on the beach with no problem. They stayed secure on my feet and gave me great traction. I wish these came in black like these. These last a long time. Last pair I had for over 5 years and only replaced because I lost them while moving.
Lot better than expected! Same as the pictures and same as described. Very happy with the purchase.
Great wax makes a great mirror shine on shoes.
Love this clutch!! Its big enough to fit my phone, lip gloss, mascara, double sided sticky tape, keys and ID/cards. Looks very durable,I would highly recommend!
Fits good, wouldn't use them for work like other comments here,lol.
I like the bag, great qualify and very spacious. Its great as a gift.
Just received this beautiful bag and am so happy with it. It was packaged so nicely and delivered early. Thank you so much.
Its been a few months since i bought this waller and it is amazing. Durable, no tears though i overstuff it with cards. So far, so good!
This is the second pair I get perfect for and perfect price
My husband loves them
Works great. Heavy weight plastic that seems like it will hold up well over time.
This is my first pair of TOMS. Like a few reviewers said, they were a tad tight at first but after wearing it for a bit, now fits comfortably. Fit is true to size.
I bought this diaper bag for my daughter. Her son is two now so she doesn't need to carry much. I wish we purchased this when he was born! It is light, plenty of room and fashionable. Even her husband doesn't mind carrying it. Great quality and loved the price. Will definably by again.
Love the lens, really helps with light sensitivity from migraines!
The shoe I received is not the one in the picture, I returned them
This the 3rd pairs that I bought for my hubby. He like it, and said it's comfortable shoes.
It's a very practical, useful and well made product t a great price.
Very comfortable, good fit
I bought these insoles because I have plantar fasciitis. I was hoping they would work because of the excruciating pain I suffer at the end of a long day of standing. They work!! So far my foot pain has decreased. I even use them when I and just walking around at home. I recommend this product.
I love this bag! It is big enough to carry all my daily essentials, plus I can throw my Mac laptop in too! It has a beautiful distressed leather color. There are two inside pockets, one zips, the other doesn't. They are a great size for putting your wallet in, or keys or phone to keep them safe. The first purse I received was not the right one due to a UPC error in the Amazon warehouse. I notified the seller, and received the correct purse in just a few days! I would absolutely recommend this purse as well as this seller!!!
Cheap and great quality
Love them!!!! Fit is more snug than my Dabney's and it's a good thing!!! Wish I knew more Dansko's that fit like these. I have flat feet and could run in these on day 1!
I have not walked a long time in the shoes and I know they're barefoot that's so far the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn in my life I just hope they last long and I'm already going to get another pair because I like them so much
I have to gave this a 5 star, because I really can see the difference, I have a really bad sight at night, the glare gave me headaches and is really hard, but after I start using this glasses I don't have no more headaches and I can see a lot better at night.
These are very cute flats. They are a little snug, but being leather, they will surely stretch in time. I'd rather have them stretch than be too loose and end up to big. A pair of shoes stretchers will speed up the process if you need!
These r very comfortable and cushy..only my foot is a little wide. Would of got 1/2 size bigger.but fits true to size.
Very well made. Color is brilliant. Will work on a number of bags.
So darn adorable! Extremely comfy and warm. I usually wear an 8-8.5 and I ordered the 9-10 size. Fit perfectly! Just do yourself a favor and order these.
my son very like it ,the light are cool !we can recharge ! This shoes are really inspiration for kids. Bright flashing colorful fun and simple.It is great so far.
Just like it says polarized clip on sunglasses. They work well. Flip out of the way when you need it. They work with my prescription glasses.
I love these sunnies. Super fashionable and over-sized. I wish the lens was just a little darker but that's fine.
Pleased with this purchase. Used it for a recent trip. Carried my iPad and other stuff comfortably. Inside pockets not really deep but good enough
I bought the black vers. and I love it! Mine has loads of space, it's very soft, and it's much higher quality than originally anticipated. The lining seems sturdy, and I have no complaints thus far! Definitely worth buying!
The sunglasses is comfortable to wear. Is light. Fit good. Love case too.
Good fit. High quality. Slick looking for lots of different styles.
Perfect for traveling - enough room for phone, credit cards and money!
Well made, unique and beautiful!
They look and feel great!
Product was exactly as advertised . Looks great and extremely comfortable. Within a week I bought another pair in a different color.
yes they are expensive but they are helpful so I really love them. I use them in my boots and it helps to cushion my heel, as well as support my ankles a bit.
The shoes are very good, I am Asian, it is a little narrow for me, 4E is suitable for me, already put on, have to do not have insole, so just won't narrow.
Just what I was looking for.
love them- also they are great looking in all the different colors!!
Awesome product true to size. Very comfortable
I live in the northern-most part of North America next to massive lakes, so it's really freezing in the winter. Everything is snow and ice. To make things worse, my feet are always freezing. These boots, however, kept my feet warm during my nature hikes. They're extraordinarily comfortable and stylish, as well. I absolutely love them!
I love fit flops and wore the thong version of this sandal all summer last year. These are just as cute and comfortable and a little dressier than other fit flop styles. I can't wait for a warm enough day to wear them!
Bought them here cheaper then I would have at Uggs direct website and saved in the shipping. Wife loves them.
Great sandals, have held up well
I love them and they came in good packaging, I definitely recommend people to purchase them
Purchased this bag for my son for a christmas gift. Glad I chose it. Perfect, not girly looking and it has inside pockets and wipes area.
Perfect size for traveling!!! So cute, it was the perfect gift for my sister who used it on her cruise.she is obsessed with cats.
Amazing! I'm barefoot (or in flip flops) about 95% of the time and hate socks and shoes! These are the first shoes my feet have ever liked being in!
They fit perfect, I might buy another pair in a different color!
They fit well and are very comfortable and look great I did add a memory fit liner though
Love them. Very comfortable. I plan to order another pair
Love these shoes....wider toe box so comfortable to wear all day! Great for work outs or to wear out in the community!
Like walking on cloud. This is pure joy.
These readers are well designed and engineered. I am able to watch TV and read at the same time!
Design and fit are outstanding. Great support for my old feet.
Nice bag, I use it every day as a regular pocket a book
They seem a little large, but they are a great looking shoe for the price. Sturdy well made shoe.
Very comfortable with the memory foam, recommend highly. Sizing runs true to size.
I ordered a size up and they fit well .I have not wore them out yet , I will come back and leave a review after I do
I normally where an 11 which was to small had to up size to a 13. a 12 wide would have worked also.
Loved these! Third time I've purchased!
I simply LOVE these shoes! SO sparkly and pretty. I have this style in several colors and look forward to getting MORE!
Granddaughter loves them and she said that they feel good on her feet .
It looks small online but it's so big and spacious inside and has so many pockets for everything you could possibly need. Unfortunately I received it with one broken zipper from the front pocket. That was my original review^ but the company messaged me same day and were able to send me a replacement for mine. Such amazing service from beginning to end. Thank you so much!
This shoe is adorable! I always get compliments when I wear them - very comfortable
I needed this for a trip to Las Vegas, it was perfect. The quality is there from the materials to the construction. Love it because my phone is easy to reach and safe.
A pleasure to do business with.++++++++++++++++++++
My husband likes these to hold his change in his pocket.
I was amazed at the variety of colors available! I wanted the shoestrings to jazz up my running shoes, and they had the perfect color to match.
Fits like a slipper..comfy right away.
Debated on ordering these shoes for a while, but I am so glad I did. I wear a 7 1/2 ordered an 8 as advised and they fit perfect very comfortable right out of the box. Good purchase..
Bought these for my 11-year-old daughter and am very happy with them! She needs a supportive shoe and these fit the bill.
I was looking for a comfortable shoe to wear on vacation without having to wear athletic shoes and socks. These shoes have given me the ability to walk long distances without my feet hurting. No blisters. No pain at all. Highly recommend.
Get so many compliments on these. I've purchased three pairs!
love the uggs, shipped in a timely manner
Super cute fit security. Gotten a lot of compliments. Definitely would purchase again
I've worn out two pair of these hard to find mules. I love the support!
Very light weight,stylish and comfortable .Skecher products are the best in the sneaker world.
I really don't purchase clothing or shoes online, but these cute jazzy numbers just caught my eye. After reading several reviews I purchased them in pink. I couldn't be more pleased with my decision. I received so many compliments and the reviews are true. They are in fact very comfortable.
If not the most comfortable shoes I ever wore, they are at least tied for first place. Easy on-off; looks like a lace-up, but it's a slip-on.
This sunglasses are exactly the style I was looking for. I'm going to get a couple more pairs in different colors!
Great product, it is as good as advertised. I will buy another one for my next shoe.
Love these - have a pair for each car!
Very cute. Vintage but modern. For reference, I am typically a 6 1/2, ordered a 6 which fits just right.
The only sneaker my husband will wear.
Worked well with 2 coats. Pretty low odor but needs to be done outside or in garage. Did not discolor the leather or tapestry inset on boots.
Very comfy and look great! Fast delivery , thx !
Thank you so much they fit great ..i always have to buy a nee pair every year ..i work at a ball park that is strict on uniform so this is very good that i got the shoes i needed for work....i will buy from you again ..
Use these for my walks which can range from 4 to 10 miles. Comfy fit and no problems wearing them. Large toe box which is what I need.
As advertised. Nice boot.
I had a backpack similar to this one that just wore out and I had been looking high and low to find a replacement. This is the closest I found. I was looking for one that had a center open compartment in addition to zippered ones. So far, I love it!
This is the most beautiful purse i have ever had. I love it!
Quality clogs from Born/B O C
Love the slippers but they are a tad big for me. I am a straight woman's 6 and I would like them a little bit more snug,my heals lift up some. That being said,the slippers are warm and cozy and I love them.
We bought a pair of women's and men's and loved them. They are comfortable to wear on the beach and weren't as heavy as regular water shoes in the water.
My podiatrist recuperate to slippers to my surgery!
Love these will definitely buy this brand again
Granddaughter loves boots. Good quality. Arrived quick !!!
Love these sandals! I live in them during the summer. Yellow box is my favorite brand for sandals.
Great shoe. very comfortable. Bought a second pair.
Finally! I absolutely love that these don't squish my toes or make my feet hurt because they're too narrow. I always have problems with shoes, but especially hiking boots, because feet tend to swell after hiking for a while. I've done short hikes and long ones with these, and they stay comfortable.
I don't like carrying a purse. This fits my cards, Chapstick, and phone with room to spare. When I go to crowded events, I wrap the long strap around my waist and wear it on my front hip, like a fanny pack, just not so ugly and obnoxious. I never worry about pick pockets or someone grabbing it and taking off.
Love these boots. Very comfortable! Had to buy another pair to replace an old one. Love the $28 price too.
Salomon is one of the best brands of footwear and I don't expect nothing different from this. it is great for outdoor races on dirt and mud tracks.
These are great for the wider/taller man. At 6'4" we usually have a hard time finding sunglasses thta are wide enough. These work!
Love this bag! Goes so well with spring and summer outfits.
A bit large but, well worth it
Slippers for the second time because my 5lb Yorkie enjoyed chewing up the first pair. The “Buy Again” option is handy!!!
These are my favorite flip flops. I buy a new pair of this style every few years
These are super cute. The only thing is that they seem to run a bit narrow. The length is as expected, but they are tight on my daughters foot.
It fits as expected and had great arch support
Bought these for my girlfriend, she is very happy with them.
Clarks are a great brand and these sandals are exactly as described, love them!
I liked the flip flops. They are very comfortable.
I have had plantar fascitis, my feet hurt at the end of the day. I have worn these to work every day, all day for a week and my feet feel better than they have in 2 years. I had to send the first pair back and order the next size up. They are very comfortable!!
Great fit for my mother.
Love these slippers -- wear them as sandals indoors and out. The arch support makes all the difference for me.
PERFECT for my night out in the city. Help everything I needed from money, cards, portable charger, cord, makeup, and a few essentials
OMG!! These slippers are so comfortable, their foot bed is so soft with a lot of cushions. They are even better that the other common Adidas slippers. By with confidence
These sunglasses were one of the best purchases I have ever made. They are an amazing quality! The only thing to be careful of is the fact that the lenses are made of glass so they are very easy to scratch.
Well built- go cheap- get cheap- this is a quality shoe horn
Very happy with this purchase. Very comfortable walking shoe / sneaker. Can't be beat for the price and quality.
Sandals are true to size. They are very comfortable. When I step on them my foot sinks in similar feeling to a memory foam slipper but not as soft. they can be worn inside or out outside the house. They have a strong sole.
I usually purchase Oakley Sunglasses that cost $200+ but lately I have been scratching them up quickly so decided to try something cheaper. I got to say I am very happy and surprised with these glasses. The qualify seems on par with my Oakley's. They come with a decent case, cleaning cloth, storage cloth, extra nose pieces, and even a neck strap. I highly recommend them.
The bag is light weight, very well made, lots of storage pockets, plus the RFID protection is a real plus. Love the size of the bag-not too small, not too large, but holds what I need when I travel.
These shoes are awesome for the price! I needed some anti-slip/waterproof work shoes in a hurry so I ordered these. They get the job done, and are super cute for being work shoes! Perfect fit and very comfy. Definitely recommend.
They were really cute, a little tight but not so much that it gave me a headache or irritated me
Love the bag. Had to exchange for different color seller was great to work with.
Very comfortable and nicely made
Comfortable and looked amazing
It's very comfortable!!
I had just recovered from a bout of plantar fasciitis, and the way this shoe fit me...was sheer joy. The best fitting sneaker I have ever worn. I have bought this model in the past, but New Balance has clearly improved the quality and the fit. This is going to be my standard sneaker in the future.
Great color, quality and style.
Although they were delayed. When I got them they were in mint condition. Even had a thank you card. Will definitely order from this seller again.
not bad for the price had to add inserts for arch support.
I love these black suede pumas so much that I've bought 5 pairs of the same shoes over the years. Comfy, sleek and great for everyday wear.
I absolutely love this pair of glasses. The frameless look is elegant. I got a blue pair and it is very snuggle to my face and not tight at all. It feel like not wearing them at all so light. Love the clear frame, and let's be honest for that price is really a bargain. These pair of glasses fit better than my very expensive ones with an unique look. I'll be buying all the colors available.
Great shoes for exercise,walking around town whatever. So comfortable and breathable, my feet never feel sweaty.
So far they feel great. I've just been wearing them around the house but they feel great, good support and fit well.
Absolutely beautiful. Fair quality lots of compliments
This is great for traveling and giving as a gift, its also beautiful
Doesn't scuff easily, good quality
This is a great size purse for me (not too big, but big enough to hold everything I need). It has several pockets on the inside for organizing things (instead of having to dig around in one big hole!) & a few on the outside (with zippers & without... & my phone slides into the one without a zipper perfectly!). The strap is comfortable & very adjustable. I really like the grey color. I usually buy black purses (they go with everything...), but I thought I'd try something different & this grey goes with everything too!
looks really good and wear very confortable, a like the colors
These have become my go to, everyday sandals. I have a pair like these in leather, but these are better. Worth the money
Best shoe ive purchased in awhile.. Versatile. Can be worn for all activites and comfortable
This shoes looks great design and quality, size fits perfectly. It is very Lightweight and super comfortable and insole is very soft also rubber outsole provides better traction. It comes with nice pair of socks, extra additional shoes lace.
I normally wear a 6 and a half in sandals and high heels, and a 7 in sneakers. I got these in a 7 and they fit well. I mostly wear them around the house because I have tile and they're easy to slip on and off when I want to put my feet up in the couch. They stay on pretty well. I got white because I thought they'd go with a wide variety of socks.
I've had this particular style many times but not in the blue. The colors very attractive and will go with lots of outfits. The shoe is very comfortable and can be worn for most activities.
Really pretty! Just like photo. Very stiff though for the look of fabric it is, which I don't mind - I actually sort of prefer so it keeps shape & is sturdy.
Loving this bag. It's the perfect size and has all the right compartments.
These are the best sneakers. They are still working wonderfully for me. Would like to get another pair. I have troubled feet too.
Comfortable and fun to wear! Ordered a half size up as suggested and they fit perfectly!!
Bought for my wife and she loves them
These are well made and durable. I love that they come with so many! Myself and my kids are using them. So far they have fit all of our shoes and they stay put. They are so convenient for my kid to wear to school so he doesn't have to keep trying his shoes on the playground! These were adorably packaged on little cardboard shoes. These will make great stocking stuffer this year too!
These sandals are cool looking and really comfortable, and they do run a little big (even for me, and I'm hard to fit with a high instep and wide feet). My teenage son immediately swiped the pair that I ordered, so when I re-order, I'll go a little smaller to fit ME better.
A low price comfortable sandal with a high end look.
Love my Birkenstocks. I had to order some new ones because my dog chewed my last pair. I love this style and I got a great price for leather shoes this time.
The most comfortable shoe ever!
My husband is obsessed with these slides! He raves about how soft and comfortable they are, he has had a few of these pairs and is no longer willing to try something else
Love Love Love these shoes. I ordered a half size up because I have a wide foot and a lot of the reviews suggested it. I didnt really need to though as they are a little big on me. I wore a pair of no show socks with them & they were fine. Plan on wearing them with my St Pattys Day outfit!
I use this product every day and carry it everywhere in my pocket and it still looks like new.
Love these slippers so much I just bought a second pair! Super comfy. Excellent quality. I'm a women size 9 so I ordered the small (7-8) and fits perfectly.
It fit my Coach tote perfectly. It fits enough of my things and I like all the space and pockets.
I didn't have to take these heels off once when I wore them!
This is a great practice ballroom shoe for the money! It fit perfectly and I didn't have to add any holes on the strap either! I will buy again if they have my size! I typically wear a street size 7.5 and a ballroom dance shoes size 7. I like them to fit snug but comfortable. These work best for medium width feet with a square toe box. Don't expect these to last if you wear them outside, they are not meant for that.
A great way to keep my reading glasses accessible in a hurry on my desk.
These are BY FAR my favorite boots!!
These are my go-to daily shoes now. However, I soon learned that I need no-show socks. Wearing them without socks in the summer results in very stinky shoes.
Love the color and Style for myself
In love... they are so comfy! And cute to where with jeans or shorts ... 2 thumbs up !
These sandals are a perfect fit and very comfortable. I was also surprised about the quality of materials used to construct the sandals. this product is much better than I expected for the price. You won't regret this purchase.
This is perfect for my mobile office, everything fits just right. Love this!!
I love these platform Converse. I bought them to wear with shorts, jeans, and summer dresses - and they're perfect! Just a little change up from the traditional Converse!
I love the way they look but have not tried them yet - I take a wide shoe size - so I was grateful not to cramp my feet. I followed directions in how to measure my feet to conform to their sizes. I will follow up when I use them, I am hoping that they do not get stained by salt in the winter.
Love these shoes!! They fit a little roomy which I like, because though I don't wear socks with them in the summer, my feet tend to swell a little in hot weather. They're perfect!!
Got these to replace the original ones in a pair of wool boots I have. They're just like the originals. Very soft and and conforming. There was no need to cut them to size
Driving at night. The other headlights glare did not blind me with the clip ons.
Little tight on the calf and I am a small person. Hopefully, they stretch a bit. Love the boots!
Just needed a new pair of insoles, nothing magical about these.
They are differently designed from any other shoe I've ever used but once you get used to the unique feel of the shoe itself they are indescribably comfortable.
My high school daughter runs cross country and loves Brooks shoes. This is her first time trying this particular style of shoe. She said it is wider than her previous ones, but because of that, she said they are more comfortable. So far so good. She has a big race coming up so I'm thrilled we found some great shoes for her to train in.
I almost always wear a size 8 - like 95% of the time. I also own another pair of Uggs that are a size 8, but this style is slimmer in the foot/toe area. I could get the size 8 on (bc I ordered my initial size w/out reading the reviews first) but the one foot was super tight and uncomfortable. I returned the 8s and ordered the 8.5 and they fit perfect. I wore them out yesterday for the first time and I absolutely love them!! The wedge heel and slimmer style is so much more stylish, and still warm and comfy.
My wife loves the fit and the warmth of the slippers.
This is a wonderful purse, especially for a mom of 4 who has things being spilt all the time. Absolutely waterproof and large with plenty of pockets!
Love these. Very comfortable.
I need a new look but never been good with heels. These are comfortable! I was worried that my feet would hurt because I am not use to heels. But at the end of the day my feet were just as comfortable as if I had been wearing slippers.
I love this bag! It has many pockets and holds a lot for this mama! So cute and soft!
Come as is. Nice material. At the price it deserves 5 stars. Size is just bigger than a college notebook a bit so very nice.
Very cute and small. Got slot of compliments already
Wonderful fit... Great product for price... I have very small ankles and the top part of the sneaker hugs my ankles just right, not tight that it bothers and not loose where I would have to pull them up, they are just right, HIGHLY RECOMMEND, great sneaker for work, running, Gym, or just on a lazy dress down day...
Hands down the most comfortable golf shoes I've ever owned. Was a lifelong FJ fan, but these changed the game for me for good.
Good quality, super comfy, and casual with a hint of fancy (because it's leather). True to size, doesn't slide off feet, and well-made.
super cute but totally didn't know what the belt thing was for. Didn't seem to fit with the rest of the outfit. Everyone said it was super cool.
My new favorite go to boots when I wear leggings or skinny jeans. Comfy and can look casual or dress casual depending on what you wear.
Love them so light and comfortable.
Good quality for the price. Some cheaper ones tend to crack but these are still flexible. Recommend.
Bought these for writing my boyfriend's motorcycle they work great and they keep the bugs in anything out of my eyes – are also great to drive my car with but I like to wear my prescription sunglasses but I would recommend these
I bought these for my 19 year old son for Christmas in gunmetal. He loves them and wears them all the time. Arrived on time and are very well made. Highly recommend!
I love it a lot. Btw, it comes with the case can protect the glasses. that is great. And it also comes with the cleaning cloths. This price is valuable.
I'm delighted! They are super cute and best of all, they are very comfortable. You can use it to walk peacefully down the street! The material is of good quality and super soft when using it.
Love them! My feet looks so nice and comfy!!!
Great packaging and you guys are brilliant!
This is the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned. Wrongly fitted shoes had damaged my feet over my adult life, but these light and attractive shoes with barefoot technology, has complete changed the game for me. My toes aren't squeezed together and the size and fit are spot on. This particular model might be called casual dressy.
the glasses really help when driving at night, things Are much clearer. I feel that it is necessary because safety first.
My wife is very pleased with it.
Great variety and perfect length. Used these on a pair of ankle length boots that are difficult to find laces for.
I absolutely love this backpack! It looks very chic! The size is perfect and the quality seems great. In particular, the zippers are of high quality and the material of this backpack is very durable. I'm so happy that I found and took a chance on this bag. It's my favorite and I have no doubt it will be yours too! Recommended!!
This is a very great bag! It can hold my laptop and charger with room to spare! The bag is very sleek looking, there are 4 big pockets on one side, and the other side has one large pocket. The top has two zippers, so if you're trying to put something large in the bag, you can open both sides and have a much larger opening. It's very durable, I've been using it as my work bag.
Using this shoe for water sports and surfing.
I bought these as a surprise for my husband, and he loves him so much he wants them in more colors. He says they're incredibly comfortable and feels like you're walking on clouds.
My shoe size is 10.5 and it fits perfect. Quality is really nice. Solid color. I m wearing it for office and it fits for formal and casual too.
I love these and can't wait to wear them on our excursion for our cruise. They are so comfortable! I have worn them outside on the rocks and I didn't feel a thing. I would say that these are true to size.
These are comfortable and stylish. I love them. I bought navy
They are great and exactly what you get in stores.
This is sooo good Love the Color and looks trendy and stylish Got many appreciation Goes well with all dresses.loving it
Just what you would expect from Sketchers, good, comfortable, sturdy Sneaker!
Very comfortable and lightweight.... Don't wear in rainy/snowy weather
Very comfortable!!! Soft leather, did not need to be broken in.
Awesome wallet! Nice and thin, lots of slots for credits and center slot just for money. I even ordered spares, just Incase it doesn't last for more than a year.
Excellent product. Lightweight, stylish, and excellent price. Exactly what I was looking for! Will be repeat customer if I need another pair!
So I don't like most purses because they're either too small or too bulky. What I was looking for was a purse that would go with most outfits and would be a size that I can put regular everyday things into (phone, wallet, pen, chapstick, etc.) but also something that wouldn't be ridiculously big. Personally, I hate having huge purses and super small purses are annoying since you can't put anything in them. I really recommend this purse. It's simple,a great size, looks good and does the job. It's great for everyday.
Just what I was looking for. It's roomy enough for a wallet and an e-reader and a few other items and there's a separate compartment for your phone and keys. Works great!
Wear a size 8 shoe and this fit perfectly. I have pain from bone spurs on my great toe joint and this has helped reduce the pain. This was recommended to me by my orthopedic doctor. Doesn't take up much space in the shoe.
My granddaughter loves them!!! Great service too!!!
i just had cataract surgery and was having problems with headlights causing a bar in my eye. These glasses reduced glare and eliminated the bars! Super comfortable and wide field of view. Great in the daytime too.
Very cute and stylish. A very good price too, look like name brand glasses.
The quality is incredible. It is much better than my previous wallets, which all were more than twice the price of this one.
Got these for travel as they pack easily. Fit nicely, wear well.
These are the perfect sunnies, great for driving or any outdoor activity made my eyes supper comfortable and they're also very fashionable!
Got these for my little boy who can't tie his shoes yet. They worked great!
Just received my credit card holder, Love it! Great quality, great price! Very surprised with the fast service Amazon provided!
Love love love these shoes! Just got them today and they fit perfect! I ordered an 8 and are true to size. Walking around the house they felt very comfortable. Can't wait to wear them out!
AMAZING!!! Wow! Crystal clear vision with these stylish glasses! These are lightweight on the face, which I like. Very well made and sturdy. I'm very happy with my purchase...I saw similar glasses on Facebook for 30.00.
Bigger than I had expected, but very usable - even so, I lost it and now have to use a basic silver one, not as fun
The glasses are sturdy, comfortable and cute. I would definitely purchase again.
This product was wonderful! My daughter was delighted!!
Loved them and very comfortable.
They are very pretty and work well.
My husband said these are the most comfortable work boots I have ever purchased for him. He even wears them on his days off
Wife liked got a second pair soon after.
Very comfortable! I wear them almost everyday! I love that they are all LEATHER and NO MESH! I will be ordering another pair in the near future! Exactly what I wanted!!
Great size for a few things.
This is my third pair of Ecco shoes. Very comfortable and stylish. They hold up over the years.
LOVE these shoes! Great service! Thanks.
They are good for casual wearing. The texture of the socks are comfortable. The various colors available give me flexibility to match with my shoes, which is brilliant.
This pair of shoes appears to be of great quality for quite a reasonable price! It is different from most other formal leather shoes in the sense that it is a bit more polished than you would normally see in stores. The shoe is quite comfortable relative to other dress shoes and fits my father's feet pretty well. It even comes in a nice bag to keep your shoes in in order to prevent scuffs and scratches.
These are my favorite slippers.
Bought them for my granddaughter for Christmas. She loved them.
I usually wear a 8 1/2 or a 9 and the 9 fits perfect. they are comfy and don't rub against the back of my heel.
These are super cute and comfy
Incredibly beautiful boots for the price! Love them!
Perfect for my Grandmother who always uses slippers.
My son like it. Good product.
Transfers easily into another tote and voila!
These are great tennis shoes and are super comfy.
I have been using these shoes for a couple weeks now and have no complaints. They arrived on time and are good quality. Would purchase again.
Love Skechers and now my husband does too.
For a size 9. It is a smidge short. I wear a size 8 1/2 normally.
Comfortably cushioned
They fit great! The band around the heel was a tad large but nothing to crazy. Very sturdy.
I like my new wallet! So far nothing is wrong with it. Seems to be well made and durable. The best part is that the money clip is detachable, unlike in my older one. Was delivered on time.
Most comfortable pair of slippers ever! Even washable through the washer! Will be buying another pair at Xmas time as I wear them everywhere. Even to the store lol!
These sandals were comfortable and great for hiking. Awesome buy for my Hawaii trip.
I use these shoe's for work
First week of using the eyeglasses from this vendor, so far they are comfortable and serve the purpose.
Exceptional! Imagine how thrilled I was after dealing with plantar fasciitis for 18 months straight not being able to run. I tried everything custom-made orthotics, ultrasound, injections, only when I started filling these in to all my shoes and buying shoes with anti-pronation heels did it disappear almost overnight. I've been buying them ever since I put them in golf shoes, snow boots, the super feet green I have kept plantar fasciitis away for 11 years now!
Bought these for my son who loves adidas shoes and he says they're one of the most comfortable pair he's ever had.
I like the size of this item. All of my small electronics conveniently fit. Very satisfied.
Cute slippers, my MIL loved them.