Poor quality. The material was fuzzy from day one. It got discolored in less than a month, even though we kept it outdoors under a covered porch. I returned this item.
Two in package, arrived on time. Neither one works.
Product arrived late
Product title says that you will get 40, but I only got a box of 20.
Did not receive item as advertised. Received plastic jug not air tight can. When issue was brought up with seller, seller response was -- "I apologize if you received our newest packaging before our image change. Both our plastic metal hybrid can and plastic jug both contain an air tight packaging! Please contact me if you have any questions." No further efforts made to remedy the situation.
Horrible paper towels. I have a lot of dogs and I use them non stop for food and pee pee issues. When I wet the towel it was flat and fell apart. Bounty I can reuse over and over it is strong. This is like the towels you see at a cheap truck stop! The way Amazon customer service treated me when I complained was disgraceful. Kept me on hold for 10 mins while she ''checked'' ..... Tork you should NEVER be making these, I like your other towels but false advertising!!! Now I have to lug these 6 heavy towels to UPS. With a bad arm and hurt leg. Awful treatment all around. If I could give no stars I would. Money is not everything!!!!
What to do will it work hope you can figure it out
Do not waste your time or money on these. Have tried using them to seal dry food products used 3 bags and not one of them stayed sealed, all we reinflated within 5 minutes. Will be purchasing a proper vacuum sealer and never use these again.
Lasted one day, doesnt stay connected. Tried to balance it to charge ..nothing worked....
Did not receive items
when I ordered the product it was supposed to be delivered 4-5 weeks. Out of no where my mobile so update stated that the product was delivered to California. My adress is in New York . I attempted to contact the seller I never received a reply after talking with amazon they also could not get a reply and refunded my money because of a-z guarantee. They are currently under investigation.
Looks good but interferes with the right bumper button function. Per your instructions, I confirmed I did order the correct version for my controller but this didn't seem to fit correctly.
Cheap. Broke really easy. Half of them were broken when I received them
I recieved the bag and it was empty but they told me they couldn't replace I just want the ring.
These things are cheap cheap cheap. The plastic is terrible, the mold they used is terrible, the straws literally fall apart inside the bottle. I suggest getting legit ones from a supply company.
When I first started to use these I loved them because of the length, until they broke. Both the 10 ft and the 6 ft cords broke within three months of use. One wire shorted out and the plastic connector on the second one just fell off. I will go back to Monoprice for my cords, they never fail.
I'm very sad with the quality of this product, is the first time to try to print something. I was so frustrated and all was the filament. The printing look bad, like filled of bubbles and no definition. Is not the money is the frustration. I blame the printer, the calibration of the bed, the temperature. Again. Sad. Nothing else to say.
Not for the 2mm shaft size described.
The sound is terrible you can hardly hear anything. I expected a lot more for it being a littman
Broke after 6 months.
Giving this a one star BECAUSE they sent me the wrong item. Very disappointed with this. I HAVE NEVER HAD THIS HAPPEN.
bought in April 18, 2018 and minute hand is broken!! less then 3 months pc. of j***
It was supposed to replace my existing battery for my IRobot but it didn't work.
My product never arrived. Amazon status says package is lost and they did not bother sending another or returning my 45 dollars!! Not happy with having to hunt this item down and find out why it never got here!
I loved the look of them but they didn't fit my 3/4 axle:(
Been waiting months to recieve this order... still waiting! I have tried to reach out to them but they do not respond.
Sure, I received the product I ordered, but it was late, and broken upon arrival. I opened up a bubble wrap envelope and all weights were scattered throughout the envelope. There were plastic pieces everywhere. The reason for this purchase is to ensure the accuracy of a scale, but how am I supposed to do that when the calibration weights could be damaged during transit? There were no steps taken to ensure protection of product during delivery. The case the weights came in was shattered to pieces, making it unusable. I'm extremely disappointed with my purchase!!!!!!!
The product seems fine but the bottle is cracked and leaking all over
It was very small and it has leaks
THIS FILAMENT is very messy and cheap it warps alot and it very stringy
POS! Used it twice and now the network cable tester always shows cable fail. Probe shows conductors 4 and 5 bad. The scanner shows only conductor 5 is bad. Tried two known to be good cables. It only cost $20.00 but it should work longer than two uses. At $20.00 it's not worth the trouble to return it. In the garbage it goes!
I bought it for my nephew to use it at the hospital but yoh could barely see any veins through it! It's not worth it at all
Bought this for my son's 7th birthday. My son loved it, however, the extension pole is jammed and will not extend and the frame that holds the net won't stay put together. NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!
It shows all of it but when you get it you only get the bottom part that sucks how do I get my money back
the set is cute for Christmas but do not use for 'dinner' the plates are extremely flimsy. did not use them for dinner as they would not hold up. Okay for pie
This cord is supposed to work for my projector and it doesn't work at all!
Had pictures showing a rubber backing but what I received had none. VERY DISSATISFIED
I ordered these filters in September, just got around to opening the box to change my filters, and the filters that were sent are absolutely nothing like the ones pictures, and they will not fit our RO system. Apparently we can no longer return them, so we are out almost $100. These filters were advertised as working with our system, and they are no where close once received.
Does not remove cigarette smell from walls/ rooms.
On the picture it had the remote, manual and cord and I only got the vhs/dvd combo. Wasnt what I ordered
half the Normal Packs.
I love the flame on this torch. But I've had a few of them and always have issues. I take really good care of my torches and I've had trigger issues and flame ignite issues with these torches. The one I just bought lasted 3 tender little uses before the trigger stopped clicking. So I gotta spark my own flame for it. I just wish they'd be more durable, because the flame is great.
Got this for my father in law... he hates it and doesn't use it. He finds it more difficult to put the drop in the finger tip than putting it in his eye.
Worked for 2 minutes then stopped working !! So not worth the money I spent !
didn't work out of one channel right out of the packaging.
I WAS DISAPPOINTED THAT ONLY ONE SIDE WAS PRINTED
Junk!!! It floats to read BELOW 0 for everything. You can't have less that 0. 0 is water! I tested it in 100 proof alcohol...still reads just zero. Waste of time and money!! Now I have to buy a new one from some where else.
Product stopped suddenly over night and our eggs were non-viable by morning. My son was heartbroken. I wouldn't ever trust this brand again.
Was delivered a double order through no fault of my own. Tried to return 2nd order, but with all the charges to return, it was cheaper to just keep it. Order was shipped in a box more than twice the size necessary, making unpacking the only option for storing. The rolls were just dumped in this huge box. Upon removal for storage, it was found that instead of 96 rolls, there only 89. This and all the charges and inconvenience of return!! Never had a problem with Amazon purchases before. Be aware of this seller!!! Looks like I am forced to give 1 star instead of none!
i bought two of these. on one, the 60 foot hose has a big leak in the side of the hose! unusable. the other one, is unusable, too. the hose attaches internally to the hardware and it is disconnected. i have no way of connecting it to the internal hose unless it tear the whole unit apart. both are unusable!
Very thin, rips easy.
Product is pretty good for it's price, but it has very intrusive ads throughout the interface. They clearly lowered the price of the product to make it up with ad revenue. I would love to get this without ads. I'd recommend searching someplace else if you're planning to use this with a phone.
Never received....how is that for a simple review. Not only did Amazon screw up the original shipping....I never received the pen.
Misleading Not user friendly at all . and the instruction are well put together . the way the instruction are set up doesent really help , so it's a guessing game ,
Lid don't seal. They leak. In one month time the liner has fall out! Don't buy!!!
This juicer used to be industry standard. I have gone through 3 in the last 1.5 years. metal pieces have broken, plastic pieces have broken... and this is just from normal use. no drops, no abuse. lame.
has problems to stick to the plate and makes the machine jump at the entrance is also not well rolled, my opinion is not very good for the price.
This stopped working after a week!
Hold the tell you. Amazon shipped it to the wrong address
broke it taking out of box ! very thin and weak !
I received this product without a protectant seal either on the inside or outside. I am returning it hoping I get a new and properly sealed product.
Every label stuck in the machine and won't feed through. The paper thickness on the label is very thin and their glue exceeds the label which sticks in the machine.
NOT VELCRO. Velcro is a trademarked name. This product is regular hook and loop and is cheap... it doesn't grip nearly as well as real Velcro. do not be misled by Merchants who advertised falsely and Amazon's inability to properly monitor.
Product was working fine and then stopped working after 3 weeks of use. It literally didn't turn on one day. I'm very upset and I am no longer able to return it to Amazon.
Never received item. It's been over 2 months since I ordered, and the shipping information says there's a delay in delivery with no explanation or time frame. There is a tracking number, but it lists “other” as the shipping company. I've checked all the major shipping carriers, and the tracking number isn't theirs. I've tried emailing the company but never receive a response. I would never purchase from this company again.
Filament recieved was absolutely terrible and not usable. The vaccum sealed bag was lose and filled with moisture and destroyed the filiment. Was very excited to try it and now upset that it was a waste of money.
I bought this to replace the original folder my child received from school - he's in 3rd grade - it lasted ABOUT a month...i'm currently holding the folders together with painters tape and that's coming off easily enough. There are still 4-5 more months left of school and now i need to find ANOTHER folder - oy! Don't waste your money!
SCAM sample pack. Showed big bottle should have read closely .5 ml!
This product stopped working less than 200 hours of printing. I run a disaster relief organization that utilizes 3d printers for education and medical items. Was really excited about this item cause of its size and seemingly solid construction. However, I regret this purchase now. The printer automatically stops after 10 mins of use. The machine also goes crazy sometimes when you pause or hit home, which lead to the print nozzle damaging the print bed. All in all, I am severely disappointed.
One of the two I ordered came in as a T style no square
Never did receive the Item
Have been using product for a month now and I see no difference in controlling the roaches.
Didnt work on my application trying to reattach a headliner.
Never got it. Order got canceled
This model is no longer available, but I would recommend not buying anything from this company. This table was clearly not stainless steel - it rusted over the winter. Yes, it was outside, but it was on a covered porch - and one way or the other, it should not have rusted. My new stainless steel grill spent the winter outside too, and it shows no rust whatsoever. DO NOT BUY
This is crap filament which clogs your nozzle. I purchased both a black and a white roll. Both of them clog within an hour of starting a print. I'm printing on a CR-10. I can switch to other brands of PLA or even TPU and I get prints without a problem. DO NOT BUY, very disappointing.
Took a long time but finally got them. Too bad they were in the shape of the letter C. Would have been great if they were straight....
Worst PLA I have ever tried. Problems getting it to adhere to the bed, really gooey and stringy. Every print fails! Tried every different setting in cura and all different temperatures and nothing works.
Needles thick and not sharp. Plunger very difficult to use because so diffucult to move!
Don't a very good can opener. You get what you pay for. Spend the extra money & get a good one.
Does not work as stated...
One of the 4 cables did not work
This is the worse product I've ever bought. Breaks like cheese.
Hi guys, any news about the item that I returned ? We have done this more than a month. Thanks in advance
it dosnt work poorly made can i please get a cable that works..
Nice leads, very flexible! However they only shipped one pair. The description says two pair. I would like what I paid for please.
Real excited to find this......Great advertising.....Ordered for use with my android phone....Received, downloaded App, set up according to instructions and didn't work.....System would light up but phone would not recognize.....Scheduled a time to talk to the Company representative.....He checked the phone and said it has the correct up to date operating system for use with the product....Said cable most likely defective and sent me a new cable....Tried with new cable and still does not work......Have wasted about two hours trying to use this and am returning for full refund......
Cheap, don't crimp and hold well at all...waste of $....but something better
They only mailed one knee pad not the pair!!!
I bought this because of the advertisement that it would bond canvas and leather. When using it, I shook it, poured some onto a flat surface to hen put on the material I wanted sounded, it was very watery, used as directed, and it didn't hold. Tried it again on another product, shook for 2 minutes this time, still watery. Found a YouTube video and when they dabbed the glue, it was thick, had volume! I've shook enough, this is not going to thicken, it's NOT going to bond. By the way, I'm not using it on any large surface at all, actually very small areas, still no bond. Wish I'd bought Gorilla glue, this is worthless! DONT BOTHER.
My 8th grade students are obsessed with four square so I bought this to surprise them. Inflated it, (I'm also a volleyball coach so I know how to inflate balls properly) and within 10 minutes, it had deflated. Inflated it the next day, same thing. The kids didn't even get a chance to play with it and I had to throw it away.
This product didn't fit and they are saying it isn't returnable. I'm within the timeframe to return it.
The item never arrived, and the seller and amazon will not refund my money.
Makes water taste like plastic container and leaks from the ice maker
Very disappointed in the quality of the products. You can get this as a starter kit but must add to it.....or put together one for yourself and forego buying this one.
it is too expensive for what you get, couldn't return it because we missed the window
They are not sturdy and fall very easily
when you buy cheap, you get cheap, my bad. These fog up within seconds, I would be better off wearing a mask and snorkel.
They fit well and look nice but they are leaving black scuff marks on our hardwood bamboo floor.
tha box box was damage. no instruction on the box. i want to return it but the seller is charging 20% of the cost of the product an also i have to pay for the retrun shipping
HORRIBLE DO NOT BUY! First of all, the package was eligible for Prime 2-day shipping and the item showed up over a week later. On top of that, the box was obviously not big enough for the bottles and therefore busted, causing toxic and flammable epoxy resin to be all over the box, and where the item was left on my porch. Now I've got 2 bottles with unequal amounts, so the 1:1 ratio mixing won't be entirely accurate. And obviously the epoxy is expensive so the fact that there was a leakage pisses me off even more. Never buying from this seller again and I suggest no one does either!! Hoping amazon can replace the damaged item for me as well
The wire is not worth a dime do not purchase want last no time cheap cheap
Was broken in half and was a gift.
Purchased this as well as several other reflective paints from CRC for a project. This unit as well as the RED & CLEAR had spraying issues where globs of paint would come out on to the surface I was trying to coat.
Had this less than a month after replacing a cable that lasted 3 years. White pin broke off and was jammed in the outlet. Cost me $50 to get it removed. Quality was terrible.
Greetings Amazon. In the advertisement it says that there are 3 packages of 3 sheets for $ 9.95 And when it arrives it is only a package, I did not think it is 1. It is very expensive 1 only package for that price. If I had known, I do not buy it. Thank you I expect your response immediately. good day
This item is very poor quality mechanically & way too bulky to be useful! The item arrived with the rubber pads torn, the bar was rusted, & the ratchet mechanism didn't work! The seller shipped it in a ripped open box (on both ends) that had been taped back together, then tried to claim that when I opened it I cut the pads & damaged! Forget about the fact it was rusted/used & broken! See the pics & judge for yourself!
Purchased this case of 12 cans of Clorox Commercial Solutions Disinfecting Cleaner, but Office Depot only sent a single can. Since it's an aerosol, it can't be returned. Seems to be an outrageous price to pay for a single can of spray. Warning to any potential buyers: take your money elsewhere.
Do not waste your money it doesn't work and is not accurate at all.
Basically Useless!!! Not enough ultrasonic action. Every item that I used it on could have received the same results using compressed air from a can!!!!!
Dont use this cooler in your car. I leaks immediately the second ice starts to melt. It does hold a good amount of food, but the leaking is terrible. You must use with a plastic container to catch all the water. I wouldn't recommend this product.
Bought a used cardiology 4 stethoscope because it was cheaper then buying a new one. When i recieved the package. I knew right a way that it was the wrong stethoscope. The box qas labled cardiology 4 stethoscope but received cardiology 3 stethoscope. Very disappointed!!!!
I was displeased to discover this product was not one strong magnet but several small magnets. Collectively they are ok but it's spread out , which does not meet my needs.
Out of the two cans I was only able to use one, one of them just squirted all over the bottle.
These are the cheapest, smallest, flimsiest scissors ever. I wouldn't trust them to cut a sheet of paper much less a bandage
This item burned out and smoked on 1st try. I want my money back.
Screen went bright as I adjusted contrast. No image.
I ordered this through prime and it took over a week to get here. I bought something else in the mean time and then found out this is non-returnable.
It truly is 99.99% water. Label on bottle states.
Disappointed that I lost 1 bowl and 1 small plate, shattered in box. Box was not labeled Fragile! 8 guests for Thanks giving and short on plates :(
Not sure if these lights are old or what but the light output is really poor. I took them camping and could barely find my way back to camp.
One of the cylinders was broken. I want to keep one for a science experiment. Can I just get one?
The containers were put in a bag and then in a box. There was no packing around them. There were 2 that we're damaged and leaked.
One of the products leaked all over. Wasn't sealed.
$20 for an item that didn't clean anything
Stopped charging my iwatch after a month. Had to returned to the original cord.
Round top, the head is not round. It does not come down far enough on the forehead. It stands up on both sides as it is round and the head is oval. The strings are not long enough to bring in front and tie. Was used to Cherokee and loved them. Gave it one star as it is available in many colors.
Their customer service sucks they kept putting it off on things wanting pics of how it was hooked up lots of excuses
I ordered a total of 12 bottles and 8 were broken when I received them....
Most pieces look more like long splinters. Very thin and not really good for much. The picture is a bit deceiving.
I'd love to review the actual product I ordered, one problem - I'm not getting it. Twice I've ordered "Orange indicating" and twice I've received "Orange Mixed". Had to go with a different seller.
Not sure where all the positive reviews came from, but this dispenser is bad. The clip holds the tape too tight, making it impossible use. In addition, once you do get it to put the tape down, the cut end of the tape get stuck back in the role, which means disassembling the unit to start over again.
Wrong item was sent. Clearly these are not see through as the description said. These are "Dressing condiment cups" which i dont need.
All 4 failed in 2 months
I was very dissatisfied with my last order this is the 2nd time that they send 1 good stick of selenite the 2nd in prices . Don't think I will order from this company !!
The tape doesn't adhere strongly to the car no matter how well i cleaned the car. After the cutting thread would run through the piece of vinyl, the red tape would split into multiple pieces when removing from under the vinyl (some would get stuck under the vinyl.) I messaged the seller, no response and refund policy
I purchased this product and returned it because I received it used with the PH 4 and 7 bottles used up to as they were different levels of fullness but claims to be 2 oz each. Also the actual measurement device was used too with water droplets inside the plastic case. I sent it back and received it for the 2nd time and received it used again. I mean if you're going to send us new ones at least be smart about it and dry it out. Seriously????
I ordered the wrong size and only after receiving the order discovered they could not be exchanged. Such a shame. I have no use for this size. The inability to exchange should be prominently posted when ordering.
These were listed as size regular. When I open them they were size regular to large. Way too big for me. I tried to return them and there is a no return policy for these items. Money wasted.
I purchased this unit to add extra storage via USB thumb drive and a USB to Ethernet adapter to my Amazon Fire Stick 4k. However, while on OTG mode, I get frequent disconnects from both the Ethernet adapter and the USB thumb drive. The seller apparently does not offer returns.
Received 1 oz. dropper bottles but charged for 2 oz.
This never arrived! Don't buy from here.
Weather just got nice enough that I could replace valve. And found that the gaskets were bent over in new valve and now it leaks. Not sure how to get it replaced now?
2 of the long chargers don't work at all and one of them actually broke off into my phone. I tried plugging them in multiple outlets and even different phones.The shorter cord does work, but as for the rest, pretty poor quality and could've broken my phone. Don't recommend buying
If I could give this 0 stars I would. None of the containers stay close! What good is that? Especially if you travel. This is the worst pill holder yet.
I purchased 20 of these about 6 months ago. We only use 2 at a time until they wear out. They all split open at the binder. They are cheap, but not even worth it at that price.
Did not work at all, pain is still the same. Added one star only because I had to
I bombed the first time and came home and vacuumed per the instructions. A week later nothing happened. Things were worse. Then I bombed again and now two weeks later there is no difference. I called the customer service line and it was basically like well it should have worked. What a waste of money!
I tried charging my watch on the charger for approximately three hours and it never charged. Even the look of the charing part you put the watch on looked uneven and defective.
The backs that hold the battery in do not stay on very well. They also shut off randomly and to get them to work again you have to take the battery out and put it back in.
Item was a cheap plastic Halloween prop, poorly painted and proportioned.
This phone did get some laughs in our house but we ended up sending it back. It is child-size.
The clips don't clip and stay in my hard hard which is also made by 3M. So every time I take off my hard hit the ratchet part comes out of my hard hat.
These gloves can be purchased at Harbor Freight for $6. I feel like I got ripped off
Arrived bent up, packaging very flimsy
These lasted about 3 months in my classroom and then the tops just fell off the base. I teach 1st grade- so it's not like the kids weigh a lot. Bad quality and a waste of money!
I bought this product for my coffee shop to seal coffee bean bags. I received this a few days ago and once I took it out of the box and plugged it in I have not been able to seal anything. The machine doesn't even feel or look like it's getting hot. I have tried multiple bag types and sizes and nothing is even getting warm. TERRIBLE product! I will be returning today!
Never was able to us item broken.
The thermostats were branded with a random company name and phone number on the lower left front of the device. I purchased these devices to install in customer's homes. I did not appreciate the branding. Makes me question if the units are new or refurbished! Will not use that seller again. Very disappointed.
I was very excited to receive this multi tester after seeing it demonstrated at my ham radio club. Unfortunately the screen was damaged out of the box. I powered it up and the top half of the Sceen was dead you could see the top corner of the LCD had visible cracks in multiple places. The shipping box was intact so I assume the damage was due to mishandling while it was being packaged. I'm returning the damaged one and hoping I will have better luck with the replacement so for now this will be a 1 star review.
Didn't worked. Just using the USB cable. Charger is bad.
To small for most projects
They sent me the small size 23 when the ad stated size 22, which are larger! They said that they would correct the ad but they still haven't in the last 2 months!!
Never received Item, package was empty, will change review if I get my product.
This item was never received and I can't get anyone to help me with it. I checked our security camera on the day and time that they say it was delivered and no one came to our door at that time.
Very easy to use, gives very thin slices
came in all busted up!!!
Cheap knockoff. One of the two was unusable due to severe bending before shipping. Poor quality. Stick to honeywell's brand to get better quality fo a little more. Quality of fiber is poor also. Doubt it's 13 MERV.
Dislike this portable suction does not work, don't buy this item.
I ordered 4 of these thermometers. After letting them set side-by-side on the kitchen counter for 2 days they are each still displaying a different temperature. One shows 72 degrees, one shows 73 degrees, one shows 75 degrees, and one shows 76 degrees. There are no external sources that are influencing them. They are just inaccurate and useless.
Terrible product, made with plastic pieces. It broke on the first use. I had to throw it away. $100 worth of plastic connectors and cheap aluminum. Ridiculous. I would not recommend this to any small business owner.
Phone cord plug remains loose and cuts out incoming and outgoing sound
Item never showed up an was not refunded any of my money.
it has not arrived yet taking longer than what they said
These broke in the first week. Very disappointed.
Based on amazon listing for Topgreener dual USB electrical outlets, made this purchase which is fulfilled by AMZ Electrical. Product received was generic Chinese outlet with NO branding on packaging. Additionally, actual outlet is not labeled as the true Topgreener product. FAKE. Stay Away from this product!
too often I put these gloves on and they are already torn, im not sure if I have a faulty box or what but it is very disappointing
Are these even Bunn filters? Not packaged as indicated in the photo. Just filters stuffed in plastic bags. I have no idea who made these.
I pay for this set, but got absolutely different bits, some 1/8" bits which are absolutely useless for me. I have a pictures to proof this, if needed. Do not recumbent this seller !!!
Did not need an 1 1/2"
The worst it doesnt seal and leaks gas everywhere! Mad I took too long to use and can not return
There was only one in this pack and not three
Got this incubator for my mother to use to hatch silkie chicken eggs and it worked fine for the first few weeks, gotta to see the chicks start to develop and my mother woke up to a disaster, the incubator was smoking and she had lifted the tray to find the incubator smoking and burnt.
I never received item Can someone please contact me
The machine did not hold up used it one time the pads would not stay attached.
Thought I ordered a full length raincoat. Recived a jacket length raincoat. Sent back for refund.
I ordered this to ensure good extrusion on my CR-10 as I had some janky stock parts that I wasn't very happy with. Installation was simple and easy but my prints were horrible. I suffered from inconsistent extrusion. I calibrated my steppers, replaced the tube, nozzle, tried different filaments at different temps. The problem was with the unit itself. I did notice that it was VERY difficult for me to feed filament through it. Perhaps there was something wrong in manufacturing that caused the filament to get stuck and hang. When I got fed up after tinkering all day I reinstalled the factory unit and now my printer is working fine. Super disappointed.
These are made of paper! Beware if you think they are glass mosaic tiles
i bought this product and they don't ship it
This product isn't red, I'd describe the color as light coral. Returned.
One small pin hole in the bottom has rendered this unusable. I've had it less than six months, as compared to my original pan that lasted several years. I see that I am not alone with this problem.
Not at all what I expected. I will be returning it
This item was never sent or the money returned. Poor product can buy at the store quicker.
The Product is very nice. The Features are nice such as the handle is very Sturdy and heats up Quickly. The Pad itself will fit your whole back. A very well built Heating Pad.. The PROBLEM we had was that they SENT US a VERY USED ONE. It was DIRTY and the Pad had Black spots on it. The Box was in Bad Shape, it looked like it was about 5yrs old. A SAD WAY TO DO BUSINESS
The papers do react to pH, don't get me wrong. If you dip them in vinegar they will turn red, if you dip them in borax they will turn blue. Problem is, if you're trying to measure anything that isn't a strong acid or base, the colors in the middle around neutral aren't different enough to tell! Especially for slightly acidic things, colors 4-7 are nearly identical. The product page image is taken in a white-box with bright white lighting, making the colors easier to read in the photo, but in real life under normal lighting conditions, colors 4-7 look like the same shade of dull yellow and are indistinguishable from the default neutral color of the paper. So basically, these are about precise enough to tell you that it is either an acid OR a base, but not an actual measurement, especially when close to neutral.
Less than one star. This is the worst toilet paper ever sold. I've been buying case toilet paper from amazon for a few years now and was pretty excited to see this amazon branded tissue. If you are a lady you will hate this tissue. It not only isn't very absorbent it leaves confetti in all your lady bits. I will never order this brand again and will be donating the remaining rolls to goodwill or my local teen for homecoming TP parties.
arrived smashed up sad face I wish it had been packed with more care
Bottles arrived looking dingy and cloudy...I smelled inside and they smelled of vinegar they were definitely used bottles!
Only had it 1 year and 3 month and it's broken.
No DANG O Ring on oil cap!!!!! CHECK BEFORE FILLING. Don't ask Customer service cause ur better off wrapping the cap with teflon tape and then re-filling (cause it all ran out and then you found out about the O ring while using it). What a disappointment and I own just about everything dewalt and for years...
Buyer Beware! When I first received this bag it look sturdy enough but after less than a week the inside lining tore off making the bag useless. Total waste of money!!!!
Didn't work. Too short. Says it's for the model steam cleaner I have but the belt broke during install, and it didn't fit.
The mike quit working after using it for only 3 days 🤬
These did not work at all.
Charging cable stopped working after one day!
Powered up out of the box and died within five minutes. No output after that point. Had to return it.
I just had neck surgery and this was an awful idea. I got a really bad headache as soon as I used it. I wanted to return it, but between paying to return and restock and blah, blah, blah, I decided to just keep the stupid thing. Let me know if anyone wants it - I'll give it away!
Would give half star the only thing in the box was the camera no mirror hook magnet no instructions
Cheap for buying but initial use showed fraying of the wires in the belt!
I never received this item so I wouldn't know if it was good
One in three work at all, sadly it was the first one so took us almost a month to notice the others were useless and we sharpied labels on them so can't return. It is a sturdy container but the trigger doesn't pull water up the straw at all so it's pointless. ABSOLUTELY NOT WORTH THE MONEY
I order it twice and never received. They gave me the money back the two times. But I really wanted the scaler and never got it
The package was knowingly shipped leaking shampoo. Luckily the bags were in original sealed packaging. There was tape across the shampoo lid so it was shipped with the seal punctured. Will not buy from this seller again. Tape was removed prior to the picture to verify how much fluid had leaked out. Discoloration from the fluid leaking.
Informed it was delivered BUT IT WAS NOT DELIVERED TO MY ADDRESS I have not received this item
I was sent the snuggle brand original. It appears the the 2x original remix it is no longer being made. I ordered it from another site which showed a picture of what I wanted and they sent me smuggle as well. I received a refund immediately from both. First time really disappointed with Amazon.
These are pointless for cleaning eye glasses. You have to spray a lot on the wipe and then after your done cleaning your eye glasses, there is lint particles everywhere! Then I have to use my t-shirt to get the lint off! Might as well use microfiber cloth in the first place. THIS IS A DUD.
Made for children size, bristles to stiff, big disappointment
Broke very easy and I don't even know how and never would keep calibrated and stored in storage solution
The oils just pour right out of the hole. I can't even measure how much I'm using because it's like a faucet not a dropper. Not sure what's wrong with them. I thought maybe I had one bad one but it had been every bottle. Can't even use them! I didn't use them for a while after purchase so I didn't know this was the case and it's too late to return.
was not as described
I needed 10k pots for my project. I received 5ks instead
More of a toy than any actual usefulness. Certainly not 3 x magnification and not clear either.
The item arrive to me without (1 x 3.5mm Audio Cable L/R ) as it shows in the picture!!!
Not described accurately. It's 3/4” NPT not 1/2”. Waisted half a day and another $15 tracking down correct fitting.
The first time i ordered this product, it got lost in the mail. Amazon provided a refund, i still needed the product, obviously, so i reordered it. It came a few days later, in a shipping envelope, with the box already opened and the pliers loose in the envelope. There's not even any instructions included on how to use them. Good thing i know what I'm doing...
I order this item beginning of January and did not received this yet. Was suppose to be delivery on January 10th and today is February 25th and still nothing .
WANTED TO TRACE A PHOTO ONTO DRAWING PAPER... NOT ANYWHERE NEAR BRIGHT ENOUGH... WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY
The description of the shipped item states a three part set not a two-part set I paid for a 50 ML a 100 ML and a 250 ML glass guaranteed beaker set . What I actually got was a 100 ML any 250 ML I did not receive my 50 ML beaker set so I would like my money back you false advertised
I never got this product still waiting
didn't fit GE refrigerator listed
Wanted this to work so badly!!! This was one of my first purchases for our house build and I was excited to have it for quick clean ups. I have only had luck turning it on one time. The installer said there is a toggle that does hit right. Trying to get someone handy to figure it out!
very light use, changed battery and no longer function
Bought the half inch size for half inch pex, doesn't fit. Pex does fit the half inch elbows so I didn't bother with taking a measurement, clamps are junk and im sending them back. Only bought them here because they were out of stock locally. Now I'm even further behind on my project. If they're not at your local store, go a town over, dont waste your time with these.
Gave them three weeks and it still wasn't close to on time. Don't waste your time.
Bought this in May 2018, died August 2018. Would be nice if we could be sent a replacement free of charge.
this item has not arrived
Was not as described
Not accurate. Measures 10 degrees low at 170 degrees.
They smell musty and moldy. Yuck
Could not get lids to fit
We ordered this for a neighborhood facility concrete job. Disappointed that it is the wrong color even though it is clearly marked Limestone.
I paid to get 2 boxes of 100 and I only got 1. Not only that I can't find where to contact the seller!! I purchased 1 box before and I was happy with my purchase. Not this time.
These lids are a joke! They're supposed to be industrial/ commercial grade? These photos are after a month in Maryland spring temperatures. Hate to see how they look when the heat and humidity comes. Contacted Rubbermaid and they were useless. Had to go old school and buy a steel trash can. Very Disappointed.
I ordered the wrong ones. and since returing would have been more expensive that keeping i have straws i cant use
Bad quality, they are so cheap you can crimp them with your fingers and when using a crimper will almost always bend the wrong way.
These are very uncomfortable and force your grip to be unnatural and did not prevent vibration effects. Not to mention, they make your hands sweat like crazy.
The black plastic organizer is what I thought I was ordering. Instead, I received a bunch of white cardboard folding pieces. I plan to return the item and will update if there is a way to actually receive what I ordered. No instructions - nothing. Just lots of cardboard packaged in bubble wrap.
bought 1 December , it leaks and bought 2nd March , now it leaks again
these don't spray. i wish i could return them because they just dont work. you can push the pump down, but it wont come back up and no spray comes out. so annoying and a waste of money
Disappointed/Irritated. Product specifically states that boots are part of the product. All I received were the suits ... not boots. HAD to use today to spray paint a basement in a remote area w/ no local hardware store... RUINED my workbooks because they weren't covered. The coverall worked fine ... but the lack of boots was a BIG issue!
Tried to pour gas today using the spout and it leaks before it even starts pouring gasoline. The mechanism to open the spout to pour is horribly designed. Better off just using a funnel and completely removing the cap.
The charger would charge Apple 4 watch for 10 to 15 minutes then stop charging. It does not have the same type magnet as the original Apple 4 charger.
I bought this as a gift and waited longer than thirty days to open it because it was a gift for my boyfriend. When he opened the box, a side and corner were crushed. No exchange available. Low quality.
The wheel bracket that is the swivel point to raise and lower total failed. Dont buy these the are way under rated for weight. Useless..
Ordered this product because I was running short on stock and it was the fastest shipper I could find.Huge mistake !!! To this day I am giving refunds due to poor quality of the corks.I can only imagine the customers that just gave up all together. I put a great deal of time and hard work into my store.So I hope you can understand the disappointment when customers bring in bottles with busted corks in them.
All broken in a few months after purchase. Don't stay plugged into the phone at all to charge them. Very dissatisfied.
These strips are not accurate. Do not use them to self-diagnose. Don't stress yourself out on any results. See your doctor.
Missing pieces the description stated 3 screws....none at all only brushes and filter....
Really, the only added value was the acrylic case and they can't get that right. 5 nuts were too small for the bolts. One end piece bears down on the ribbon cable (as another reviewer has pointed out).
After reading this warning label, I did not want to use this product. I did not want to take the chance to consume with a label like this. I did not want to risk. (See warning label on package.) Sorry, but Thank you so much for this label.
I ordered this in November of 2018 and still have not received it as of April 8, 2019. I have sent the seller multiple emails asking for a refund and still have not received that! BUYER BEWARE!!!!
it is very wimpy, no good
Totally useless for me. Leaks around the base terribly. I suppose they will tell me ,now, that it only works with their can.
funny plates I did not think you were going to be teeny tiny plates I did not want itty-bitty plate I thought these were normal size plates I should have paid more attention and then when it was time to send them back I had to pay $16 to send back then they said they'll refund me the plate money and the $16 no thank you I'll just keep the itty bitty plates and do something with it is not worth my time I hate when I order something online is not what I think I'm getting there should be something on this that says these plates are small
Pro arrived quickly. Cons All screws were to long Instructions written poorly think Chinese to English Via google translate bad with minimal information Spring not large enough
I would never buy anything from this company. Super late and didn't do crap about it
Picture looks nice, but they only ship one of the end caps. You need both ends to make this work at all.
I've tried contacting this company, my cam walker literally broke the first week I had it. It is very poor quality and I wouldn't buy it again!
I bought this because I needed a backup and I needed it now it worked for a solid 2 months and then died, doesn't charge my phone anymore
The quality of the actual bag is pretty good, but the light weight straps that are on it already came out of the top in a weeks time of use. I went ahead and bought some new heavy duty straps and sewed to the top.
I had ordered two 4 person kits. When I first saw my order, there were 2 backpacks, one green with items inside and one red with fewer items inside. I thought are these 2 separate orders? Then why does one backpack have some things the other doesn't? Upon further examination, I realize the 2 backpacks are together as one order. Called Amazon and will receive a refund for the one order that did not come. Why 2 backpacks when you could have put all the items in one? And why 2 different colors? Just curious.
Product arrived completely damaged and amazon will not refund. Box was soaking wet.
I use Biofreeze spray a lot, so I decided to give their patch a try. Well, two thumbs down. I didn't feel anything from the patch... nothing! Needless to say, I won't buy again and I don't recommend them.
Not happy with the towels I'm not sure if they were really Georgia-Pacific brand;. the paper towels were not label with Georgia Pacific wrappers just plan white wrappers and the towels were damage. Sold by: Twin Lights Medical. I will not buy from then again.
Bit is super small and only lasted one use.
Didn't work at all. Tried all the relays I received and they all failed to work.
The aluminum foil is very thin
The abrasive side of the sponge came off after only 4 uses.
Had these cables for 2 months. The first one stopped working a couple of weeks ago, now the second ones does not charge either. I can plug the OE cable in and charging starts immediately. These two, only if I wiggle the cable around. When I lay the watch down, the connection breaks.
This is not what I ordered... the description described the cups as 8 ounces... are you kidding? They are just big enough to get one very small sip of water!
Excellent idea that doesn't fulfill. Not string enough to clasp onto wheelchair. You end up removing the entire thing along with the cane.
Be really careful that this is exactly what you need. IF you want to return it there is only three choices and it will cost you more than you paid for the item!!!!! There is no option to simply send it by US Mail and pay the postage required by the Postal Service
Ordered 1/4 3/8 1/2 received the wrong set and size.
Items arrived with folds and crinkled. Cannot use for shipping.
Does not work! Tried everything online and in the reviews. Will not take back. Do not purchase.
The wire in this thing is a joke. I wouldn't run more than 1 amp through it without worrying. Not exaggerating....the wire is literally what you would see on a 1 amp cellphone charger.
How do you get them apart?? You sent them on top of each other, is there a way to do it because I am not strong...
It came with 30 tiny pieces that you have to assemble yourself with a soldering iron. No mention of that in the description. Off to buy a soldering iron UGH!!!
Did not fit my gas cans
Drill bits failed after a 1/2 hole in concrete. I saved the bit which basically bent after a couple of seconds of drilling to show to my friends. I've never seen such junk..On the positive side, the drill bit could have broken and gotten stuck in the hole but instead, it just bent and I was able to pull it out. The anchors are ok.
Not fluid resistant. Should have trusted the reviews.
I didn't receive the product I ordered. I specifically researched to purchase this specific brand and type of bandage because it was what my doctor's office used and it worked so well because when I cut the bandage pad in half it didn't separate but remained thin to wrap around an injured finger. The box that arrived was a CURAD brand but the sealing wrap around the box was labeled the specific brand I ordered. So I opened and tried...much surprised to find it wasn't the same as the ones I wanted. Box of 100 that I now have to work with...not happy. False labeling to my mind.
I was so excited to purchase these and for the first hour of school they looked great and then we used them for the first time and they didn't completely erase. I used brand new expo brand markers, purchased new small erasers for the kids, tried expo cleaning spray and still can't get them clean. So disappointed in how they turned out...My small group table now just looks dirty :(
Turned out to be a very poor item to be working with did not eliminate light under a house like it did in my living room the other one I ordered from here was a gift to a co-worker that's not happy with it either
This product is horrible!! I've used kinesiology tape before and thought I'd try this one for a few less dollars. Big mistake!! I had a serious reaction to the tape. Blistering and now a scar. Called their customer service and was told the ingredients in tape. Rude service. Rep told me “good luck!” with return. Amazon refunded me so no issues. Contacted company by email suggesting they may want to list ingredients for those who might have allergic reactions. Rep said she would take suggestion and asked for photos of blisters. No mention of rude treatment or asked if I wanted a refund. Horrible product and horrible customer service!!! Thanks to Amazon for refund.
Magnetic pad is not very strong and warps with bigger prints
Not strong enough for locksmith
Size is not as described and this happened second time.
Product did not hold up
Paid for 1 day shipping 4 days later they showed up I have a small buisness and needed to test of my employees thx for taking so long to deliver and it would be nice to get my shipping fee reimbursed
Hate he quality. For a little more You can get stronger utensils
Many have broke in half by the magnet. Would not recommend this product.
Not worth your money, two cables are already not working and third one functions off and on. Don't waist your $$$.
Did not work at all. Sent back
You sent me the dirtiest disgusting place. It must have been in the warehouse for years!!! I don't thank you
A lot of the grommets were scratched or had discolorations on them.
Beware- size is misleading and the price is a HUGE ripoff. The image makes it look like over double a normal box. Very disappointed in the photo and description. Very overpriced for a great product.
This thermometer is horrible! I bought it because I make homemade yogurt for my daughter and the temps have to be precise. I had to recalibrate it before I used it and it seemed to work good. But since then I have used it on both meat and boiling water with false readings. It would not get above 190 for the boiling water. It also takes FOREVER to show a temp and who has that kind of time while cooking. It was very hard to get calibrated as well. We bought a different thermometer last night to replace this one.
My item arrived without the top and bottom screws to hold it on place. Also, a shelf is broken.
Not wide enough to fit my standard size street garbage can. Will not be reordered. Probably returning it.
Purchased for mycelium agar work. They came vacuum packed. Never cut it open and was already growing contamination, rendering them unusable.😥
These Gloves have a rather strong smell of Rubber, which seems to stay on my hands after using, even when I wash my hands. I put them out on my Covered Patio where they are shaded, and after awhile they get a Whitish appearance on the fingers if exposed to the elements outside. I can see it on those that are just at opening of box.
Wore off and broke in less than a year
Wasted money. This does not work, save your money.
I am disappointed with this charger. I had expected it to hold up more and for it to be a fast charge. I was wrong.
Used this fabric glue for a quilt. It works but it left a wet look and seems a little sticky in the spots where I used this. I didn't like it at all. This happened no matter how much I used of it.
Poor material. I would not recommend it. Had no issues with other PLA materials, but this one will not stick well. Print quality is also poor compare with other PLA materials. After messing with settings for weeks, now it is going into trash can.
I got two of the same fans. Both fans were the ones that blow directly on the Heat sink of the extruder.
Never received my order, ups delivered an empty box
Magnet is weak, not what I expected
This order of bleach never came. I do love the Pure bright brand
I never received the product yet it's been a very long time
I ordered a box of HEAROS. I got some knock off brand from China in a random bag that took a month to deliver. I still have no idea how that happened. They might look like Hearos but they certainly are not Hearos (I've been using them for years). Unfortunately Amazon says I can't return them so looks like I'm out $25. Thanks Amazon!
One of the three stopped working less than a month after receipt. Pretty common knowledge that lightning cables are consumables and have to get changed out every 6 months or so but this didn't even last a month. Pick another brand imo.
Very cheap looking. Returned for refund
The look to be sturdy and a good product. However since I still didn't get what I actually ordered I wouldn't know.
Package arrived opened on one end. I didn't even want to give it one star but I had to in order to submit. This was supposed to be a gift for my father in-law... so disappointed.
completely ineffective.
Arrived leaky... and tasted horrible
I should have took the reviews more seriously. 3 days after buying this a a stepper motor came apart releasing tension on the belt mid print, the sound of a metal nozzle tip screeching across the glass is a painful sound to hear, save your self the haste and pay a couple hundred more for a much higher quality printer
crap. doesn't work on motion at all
They are not as sturdy and strong as indicated. Bought a 4 pk for a file cabinet and 2 of the 4 failed with weight added
no the best experience this one says blue and I received clear bottles and I was looking for blue.
Not happy at all. The bathroom actually smells worse than it did before.
Does not work, I let it bond together for 24 hours, as soon as I try to use the part it came undone
Quality not there. It had good slots.
Arrived in envelope with packaging crushed and netting looking old and dirty. Would not recommend.
Terrible packaging.. Showed up broken in pieces :(
First time used thermostat will not hold temperature.. it's bad do not buy this. You will not have eggs hatch
These get tangled up very easily & then don't have the length & one even frayed
First off, this belt was very difficult to get in place. The motor kept getting pulled put of position, and then the roller would get pulled out of position - very frustrating til finally after messing with it for an hour, I had everything in place and screwed everything back together. Worked wonderfully for about 3 vacuum sessions and then the belt ripped apart forcing me to buy another belt. I think it was just too tight. Very frustrating - the last thing I wanted to do again was replace the belt this soon!
Most of the high value pieces only has 2 or 3 instead of 5.. false advertising but cant return as I need them for a project. Unfortunate
I purchased to cover a trailer and it was damaged by the air. Drove 1300 miles at less than 70 miles per hour
Seriously can not get this to come out right. Not simple
A lot of the bands were not useable They ends were not attached. So far have had to throw about 100 of them. Very disappointed. Thought it would be more convenient getting them online. Lesson learned
cheap but they come open on you. What's the point if your toothbrush is gonna touch all the other stuff in your bathroom bag?
Dis not work at all fresh out of box.
Unfortunately, this was a failure. It was twisted and didn't sit in my ears anywhere near as well as it should. Attempted adjustments did nothing. Sound was terrible. Extremely disappointed as this should have been the exact thing I had previously (and loved) needed to replace as my original scope was lost on a call.
It broke after having it for lest then aweek
Package came in. Empty!
Product did not work. USB part worked but charging port didn't fit into my psp 1000 charging port. Too small
After the first use they became difficult to fluidly eject medication, which is not useful when administering medication to infants.
The reason for the foam is to seal out dust/debris/wind. There is a bigger gap Than most wrap around style glasses that don't have foam.
I really can't evaluate an item still not received. No tracking information. Maybe it will come before Xmas.
Flimsy and cheap. Was bent out of shape upon arrival and didnt come with the necessary screws. Ordered a simple return of the product, and was instead sent an unwanted replacement of the same product. Spend a little more and get the far superior Schlage product instead.
Tried to call supplier - a large portion of the tablet were broken or smashed
The zippered opening needs reinforcement as it is hard to fill as the bag is flimsy. It is difficult to fill the bag up more than about 60% full. The gears seem to be made of plastic and during its first use seem to have either broken off or rounded off some teeth. Basically when I'd turn the handle it wouldn't always spin the spreader to disburse the seed. For its intended use, it is not very good or made to last.
Bought for our sliding door and it didn't help at all. Pros-it doesn't smell like wd40
The inside of the box was rusted in two locations.
Not good quality! Amazon ended up recalling them and refunding us. Thank goodness we didn't use them for the eclipse! We might have been blinded!
It first worked briefly for screen mirroring but not for video playback on popular apps such as Netflix or Vudu. Then after a phone update it stopped working all together. I went to the sight to do the update for the mirroring device but without the device model on it it is hard to distinguish which update needed installed. Needless to say I used it maybe three times for random things but it didn't work long or for intended purposes.
Trash. Preassembled part didnt sit level on the table. Doesnt returns. To the same home position, making leveling impossible. The cross beam that the nossel is attached to isnt form, and as it prints it is inconsistent. Glass bed and still the center isnt level, meaning some part us not exactly level. Overall,mass production spits out garbage. I fought with this printer for 4 months thinking it was me, but it's just a trash machine.
Can't charge with case on. Misleading description. But I like the case and the way it fits. Just wish the charger would of worked.
Poorly made. I thought I needed to replace it after only a few hours of use because my indicator would wiggle around within the dovetail. Turns out the stem is threaded into the ball and that had already come loose. I've owned quite a few dovetail indicator holders and that has never happened before.
So uncomfortable I couldnt even wear. The edges of the belt were rough and itched and rubbed.
Only received one ball. missleading
This package of paper appears to have a tea stained look online. After receiving, its more of a pink or rose color with a lot of scroll design to it! Waste of money for me as it will not work for what I had intended it for. Bummed.
Really useless cheap
Anytime you receive an item and it gives instructions on how to take it apart to fix it you KNOW you're in big trouble. After about 10 minutes of using the Stereo Printing Pen it stopped working. I could tell it was jammed by the noise it was making. So, I used the handy "how to take it apart" instructions and nearly mutilated it. After almost pulling my nail free from my finger I got it open. Yelp, it was jammed. Got it free, put it back together, and started again. About 10 min later again, it jammed. I took it apart and repeated the process. However, this time when I tried to reuse it the "squirter" part kept falling out. By this point I'm getting PO'd. I let it cool down and gently pushed the squirter part back in. When I plugged it back up it read ERR which I assume means error. I've tried taking it back apart and blah, blah, blah. Nope. Still ERR. Sending it back and gonna try to exchange it. If the next one sucks I'll get attempt to get a monetary refund.
ordered 3 bundles. they arrived wet and NOT in any external packaging. tried to assemble one box, it failed. applied for a return refund. They credited for only partial return and there is no way to inquire why they back charged. The ticket says we didnt return 3 bundles. clearly someone is not following through on quality control.
It broke the first time I tried to use it, one of the snaps flew off and now it just falls apart whenever I'm using it. Not to mention the power of the scrubbing is AWFUL. I followed the instructions to charge it for 20 hours before first use but I guess that didn't help. It spins so slow that putting any pressure on it makes the head stop turning at all.
Never worked. Paypal said it was not their product and not for use with their product
Product was sent to me wrapped in thin plastic and nothing else. The box was smashed in and the roller that holds the roll in place was broken off and left on my porch next to the package. I'm sure it's a great product but since it was shipped without packaging I'll never know.
It is cheating on its website.it says 3-pack with S, M and L sizes, but you can only get one small size, you never have a chance to get a middle or large one. If you only sell a small one, why do you mention 3-pack in your picture and product description?
nice size but tear easily...not worth it.
this is a total wast of 20 $ don't go here. the griping arms bend very easy. do not grip anything after a day or two of use. it takes a few tries to pick up 16 oz. Pepsi bottle. you need to squeeze the the handle with both hands. then try & try again.DON'T BUY THIS JUNK.
The head of the broom keeps unscrewing. I'm not sure if I received a bad one but I'm giving one star at this point.
no item had been delivered to my address, please be inform.
Purchased this box of rags several times, howerver this last time, I recieved cut up bed sheets. Guys, you ever work in the automotive field and try to soak up an oil puddle with bed sheet? Its like using newspaper. Not very effective like the actual t shirts and cut up sweatshirts you've sent before. I hope you make this right and quit using bed sheets.
I never received the product. Delivered to the wrong address. And there's no way to contact the seller. Don't buy this.
these things cost a fortune and are required by code. I have had 2 of them fail already just by sitting in the box waiting for an electrical inspection. I go to switch on the breaker (new construction house) and it fails. This is unacceptable.
Put batteries in it, and nothing. Doubled checked the directions, not doing anything wrong. Double checked my fresh batteries with DVM, all batteries are good. Tripled checked I was putting the batteries in correctly, yup. Meter POC, DOA. I guess they build and ship without testing.
We have to give our 10 week old baby liquid Zantac and our pharmacy gave us a syringe that was way too big for her mouth. We noticed that with these syringes the black ink used on the measurement lines came off on our baby's mouth : (
arrived in the package but outside the crushed mfg box. Center hole had a gasket that did not come close to sealing. So like having a big hole in the middle of the mask. Looked like the seal was in backwards or otherwise defective. Lame
You better not be in a hurry for it. I've ordered it twice and it's took over 2 weeks to get it!
They were found by search as peg board spacers and the outside diameters were too small to be used. After trying to get something usable twice I gave up on this product. Whoever put them on the market has never looked at a peg board or they are blind. In any case they are not reputable.
This product doesn't hold heavy dishes. It came broken on the plastic bottom black piece cracked and cheap. I do not recommend
2 of the 12 bottles were broken. These have not been replaced or a partial refund
Wow.. Brand new drill bit and isn't even sharp, might have to send it back cuz I won't use it.
Sent this back. Eat buds hurt.
This product is a disaster. Poorly made, no bracket instructions, need a pole which is not included
Sorry to say, these did not work. No USB connection through them at all.
Just broken this morning exactly work for less 6 months, no warranty? Crack in side
Box showed up oily, when I open it up the motor unit was leaking oil. This is a generic part and not OEM. This one is going back.
both cords were defective
As several reviews pointed out, the base did not pair with any device. This is too bad, and there was no way to contact the company. Emails did not get returned, and the phone listed is disconnected. Do not buy this.
Broke after third use
My original purchase was in Dec 18, charged it on arrival, and it was bright, and the charge lasted for quite awhile, recharged it when needed, no problems. Now it will not hold a charge, two minutes, and it goes off, charged it several times, left it on the charger over night, still won't last longer than 2 min. Not happy
Ordered your 1.75mm PETG and got mailed 1.75mm PLA.
Pick was not clear and item was returned
The last time I replaced this part it lasted 4-5 years. This one lasted 4 hours.
Never got product ordered it twice both times returned because package was damaged
The mount in the bottom comes loose as the camera moves in the holster and unscrews. Luckily the first time the screw came out i was squatting and the other time was in grass or I would be out some solid money. Avoid this product if you like your gear.
Product came damaged, and spilling out of the container and had a horrible smell. I threw it away and requested a refund.
not easy to set up as people say
Bottle came used and nozzle is NOT continuous spray. It's more like a normal spray bottle. Very disappointing
I paid $25.99 for the mango scent and got the cotton blossom.Why? I don't recomend buying online.😡
It was not the Kevlar belt that should have been sent. Just cheap rubber. Won't last long...kept it in packaging until I needed it...return window closed...sucks!
Never received item. Amazon delivered to wrong place. I had to make several calls to Amazon and they finally refunded my $$
Got the stuff used it and yes it killed the flies outside and stunned the ones inside so we could kill them but it only worked for a few days only. We started to get flies in the house again after a few days and outside they came back even after it stated to keep them away for 14 days. A big waste of money we spent over $50 on this product and it didn't even work like it states. Followed the directions as directed. But did not get the results that we were hoping for. I read all the reviews and we were hoping for the best. I was even telling everyone here to look at the product because of the reviews now I regret telling anyone. I hope people didn't buy the product and be as disappointed as we were. We don't have that much money to spend on this product but was hoping for a solution. Man were we wrong. Please be aware.
I bought this for my boyfriend but I ultimately ended up keeping it because I was too embarrassed to give it to him. It's very small and feels cheap. It's great for crafts, but that's about all I would use it for.
My spool came as .05 tolerance, and not .03 like the product page and box said. I had a replacement sent, and it too had the same problem.
I was shipped the wrong item . I was shipped a pair of sunglasses and when I went to return them it isnt a available for return.
5 star production with a 1 star seller. - BECAUSE THIS PICTURE IS NOT THE EXACT BOTTLE RECEIVED - - didnt come with a lid and is just an open container of oil witch pisses me off. not the same as my first order 2 years ago. dissapointed. left is 2 years ago, right is today!~ not the same product not the same bottle
Bought this tape to keep slugs off of my grill. Doesn't seem to be working
This seller took over a whole month to ship out my order don't even see a point in getting it no more I already have sun burns all over my neck and face
The product was suppose to come with 144 individually wrapped flossers. However, after counting the contents 3 times to confirm, there were only 138 flossers in the box. The box did not come sealed so I guess someone took out a few thinking consumers won't be counting. Very dishonest behavior and will not purchase from this seller again!
We did get what we ordered!! We received a cake slicer instead! When I tried to select return or exchange it stated that it's not returnable, there was no other option! Not sure how a cake slicer will help with welding guess I will have to get some locally.
Tried several of these pads and none have worked so far! The 2x2 I purchased work great with the same tens unit. Save your money!
choice of flavors not shown therefore i overlooked the fact that i had not ordered the fruit flavor i usually buy.
My item arrived already damaged and i can see how as the plastic construction is very inferior and cheaply designed and build. Even if mine were in new perfect condition I honestly cannot see it lasting more than 4 weeks of twice a week use. I bought this to replace one that I got as a wedding gift 2 years ago. Please look else where and try to spend a little more do not be sold by the cheap price.
Never received and you don't have a way to file no received !!!!! Help now
Horrible broke after a week!! 😡
It was never delivered
It could just be a bad batch but these gloves usually tear just by me putting them on? The gloves are my correct size as well so I'm not using an unusual amount of force to get my hands in them. Won't buy these again.
Packaging was horrible as all the screws and washer were just thrown in the box and some are missing
I'd never buy this junk again, pretty but unreliable.
Product doesn't work for my watch??!
I order black and they gave me gray color chairs. Now I have to load it back in my truck and take it to ups. Not good
I would give this product -5 stars but you have to give it at least 1 to write a review. I honestly don't know how they sell this product as glue, you'd be better off using oatmeal. I bought this and the UV light and had a number of projects set up to repair you can imagine how ridiculously frustrated I was. I ended up having to clean this gooey crap up after letting it set up for hours it was still like honey, nothing had set up and nothing was bonded. I ended up buying another product at the local hardware store and redoing all of my projects. This is an absolute do not buy or you will be returning it.
JUNK! Ordered it in July. Used maybe 4 times and it broke.
First off, I ordered this on a Saturday and my estimate delivery day was on a Tuesday. That's not 2 day delivery, it's 3 days. And then it says it was delayed by fedex so now I'm not gonna receive it till Friday. That's a load of bs and amazon prime is bogus.
This stuff is sticky after it has melted and it stays sticky. It's hard to get off of your hands. Maybe it was the 3d pen, but probably not.
Used for 3 weeks and stopped working. Looking to return and get a refund.
would not keep a consistent temp. element failed after 60 hours of printing.
I suffer from knee pain. Hoping the product would work. It didn't. Just a cool smelly effect. The smell is overwhelming. You need to wash your hands thoroughly to prevent it getting where its not wanted such as the eyes and mouth. Wanted to return it, however, it is non returnable. Nine dollars plus tax thrown away. Be wary of this stinky product.
Not what I purchased, and I'm not able to return it!! NOT HAPPY!!!
Did not receive my product as indicated when ordered and still don't have it.
Do not order from this seller. Terrible customer service. Accidentally ordered the wrong size. Sent back 3 out of the 4 packages to get a refund. Will not refund me for the 3 unopened packages!
The temps do not match what other temps give. I would hit a spot first time it is once temp the next time it is a totally different temp and never has given close to same temp twice. Next time ill spend a little more money to get a better product.
it didn't work to good
I was hoping this would be a sharper instrument but it was not. Disappointed
Didn't work well not a high quality product
purchased to hang art at a festival, grid is a nice quality piece but came in a box that was so terribly ripped and had many holes, the butterfly clamps fell out i'm guessing because it only had one clamp. extremely disappointed. will have to try to make work with zip ties. other than that, nice quality.
Advertised as durable, anti-scratch, etc....and of course they have the 3M name, and are therefore more expensive than most others. These scratched faster and easier than any pair of safety glasses I have ever owned. Not again.....I will stick to the cheap, durable ones.
Supports quick charge, decent length, but one of the two Pack just fell apart on me. Completely unusable now, without taking it apart. Received the chargers two months ago. This was my daily use one, taken everywhere with me.
I have loved the previous versions of this. The one I just got has sprayer that works finally but the fragrance doesn't compare to the original sparkling spruce (?). Too many additional ingredients. Stick to the balsam
Matches description, not picture! Super small items, too expensive.
getting a label that is folded doesn't make a lot of sense...
For the price the quality is good. I dont have to buy toilet paper for a while when I buy from GEN. Only complaint I have is that every time I buy the toilet paper case, the box comes to my house very damaged. The packaging needs improvements bad! Every time I get my shipment, the box is taped to prevent the rolls from falling out and I am always missing 1-2 rolls of toilet paper. I have included some pictures for reference and this is how the boxes always arrive....at least to my house every time i order the product. I have even asked to put my order inside another box, and it always arrives just like the picture. Please fix the packaging!!
Shipped loose in a bag. Heavy burrs left on cutting edges.
Inside zipper broke in 2 wks of me purchasing
I was really hoping this would work, but it didn't. I used a lot of it and it didn't stick and bond. You don't get very much and it was a pain to mix. A large dual syringe might be better to just squirt on the stone and mix. I might have to just use mortar or try a different epoxy.
I can't get these childproof tops open. What a nightmare. Even my husband is aggravated. Push down and turn. All they do is click. They remain closed.
I've used these bands for 12 days and today the green one snapped in half. They are sending a new one free of charge so that is good, but I don't think the quality is as good as it can be.
They do not stay put.
2 out of 6 arrived broken
I got this for my birthday I used it for a day I loved it so much I couldn't put it down helps my depression which I have a serious case of I use art to help and it got clogged so I had to take it apart to unclog it now it's clogged again that's all that keeps happening and I have followed all of the instructions I can't speak for all of the other pens but this one sucks and I am so disappointed because I love what it does when it's working
I thought I was getting old cut up t-shirts. Half the box was T-shirts and the other half was old pillow cases which are not good shop rags and the pillow cases were still one piece.
They work, but the prong that holds the replacement foam plugs on is very weak. Once it's gone, the entire band is worthless.
did not fit vacuum as stated
I purchased this iron for its powerful steam features, however the first time I used it, I noticed the button used to provide the extra steam was pushed in. I tried to pull it up, but didn't have any luck. Stuck button = no extra steam. Also, the auto shut off feature advertised that it would shut off after 15 minutes when NOT in use. Even while using it, it would shut off. I plan to return this product and shop for another iron that is more reliable.
They smell awful and are loosely packaged. I loved the unscented version that I got previously that came in 6 sections.
Super uncomfortable; did NOT fit my elongated toilet; the water level was barely able to reach where I needed it to before spilling over; the tube did not stay snapped into place and leaked on my floor; and it all sat way too high, pinching my thighs and cutting off circulation so my feet fell asleep. Was definitely not the soothing experience I'd hoped for.
No battery to cords.. they either don't stay connected or don't work..
I've had this cord for 35 days and the nylon and plastic covers have detached from the magnetic end, exposing the wires. I initially decided to try a magnetic cord because my Samsung Galaxy eats chargers, so I figured not having to plug and unplug from the charging port several times a day would solve that problem. And it works for that; the part that connects to the phone is still perfectly fine. Butttttt I'm not thrilled about having the wires sticking out from the casing all thin and vulnerable. The magnet is strong enough that I can attach my phone to my spare battery and put it in my bike bag and it stays connected. The charging light on the magnet end is nice to make sure you've got it connected right-side-up (otherwise it won't charge). Also it comes in pink! Overall this cord does everything I need it to except stay in one piece, which is unfortunate.
Not great on outdoor use.
I did like the sweet winding of the filament but other then that this is a head ache. No matter how slow I printed or how how fast I printed the filament just would not stick to anything but the nozzle. My hotend was set to 235 and heatbed was at 70c. I also had some really bad layer adhesion issues.
I received some type of Charmin toilet paper, but it was in clear Charmin cling wrap without any product details, not the packaging shown in the product photos. When I compared it to the rolls of Charmin Ultra Strong I already had at home, the product sent to me was thinner and lower quality.
Let me start with the positive: the ombre color of these bottles is stunning. I love the color combos and the gold lids. Very pretty. HOWEVER, the roller fitments are terrible. There is zero output, no matter how hard you try to push down to roll it. That makes these completely useless. I want to use the rollers, not just look at them. I will have to buy roller fitments from a different company to even use these bottles, which is a waste. If you have your own roller fitments, use them and order these pretty bottles. If you don't, save your money and order from someone else.
Packaging horrible. Expensive soap and half leaked everywhere.
Sadly 2 of the bottles were broken. I tried to reach out to Amazon but got caught in the rat maze they have to handle each and every situation. I emailed North Mountain 5 days ago. I explained the situation with the broken bottles since Amazon has no provision to do anything but resend the entire order. I am sure that they will get back to me with the Sorry For Any Inconvenience Letter. The question is when?
I love the idea of a cordless hot glue gun, but this one stinks. It tears through the battery so you probably only get 15 min of use on a charge. So if you're using it intermittently, you'll spend more time dealing with recharging it than you will gluing stuff. Lame. I would have returned it but didn't discover how poorly it worked until I'd had it too late to return.
Would not pick up my 5G wireless modem signal. There are better products out there.
Dang it. I didn't read the reviews that ALL describe how the item shipped is not the item pictured. I will make mine due for sake of time, but c'mon I'm only rating it so low because of the inaccurate description. It looks like it will do what I need once I make the mounting work for me.
All the cans came dented and were difficult to open with a can opener. They were smaller than expected so I couldn't use it for my first project (a type of cup holder) so I made it into a ballon weight. Which turned out very pretty.
Not a bad product just very slow
At 6'2" this isnt long enough for my mid thigh cast. I didnt see it in the description but on the package once it arrived :(
It's too large for my humidifier!! I don't think this was the OEM.
I returned this item. It's actually much bigger than you would think and looks a bit garish.
These are 4 pin and the Ender 3 is 6 pin.
Incomplete, missing the screw for adjusting.
I have used this filament to print many objects and the overall quality of the resulting prints is fine, the problem with this filament is that it breaks off if left in the extruder overnight. Often breaking right at the edge of the extruder making it a real pain to get out, having to remove bowden tube and wasting a foot of filament each time. For this reason I can't recommend this product.
Two stars because they're compostable and don't dissolve, but the bottom seal if the opens with the slightest bit of weight. It's a longer if your compost bin, but take the whole bucket out to empty it, or you'll end up with compost all over your floors
They look well built but didn't work with my vape pen
It takes some getting used to. I don't know if it's the most stable but maybe it's because I'm still clumsy on it. I also find that the knee pad is not very comfortable, even with an extra pad on top. My shin has bruises on it. Disappointed.
Was not what I thought I was purchasing
I got them and a lot of them were broken
Don't buy these folks. I bought a two pack and after a year of normal use they started to flicker. It gives you a headache! YUCK! JUNK! Shop elsewhere!
The viewer (the part closest to your eye) is too small to easily view what's going on inside the ear. Very difficult to use. I brought my dogs in for a checkup yesterday, and noticed that the vet's model (a professional unit, I'm sure) has a viewer that's at least 3x as wide as this unit. I'm sure his unit costs way more than this one, so maybe it's just a matter of getting what you pay for. Personally, I would not recommend this unit.
Dexter knives never fail to impress with quality, durability and value. The blade effortlessly cuts through tomato skins and a host of other foods. ****update**** After just 1 week of use, the knife has started to rust. Not sure what happened to Dexter's quality hallmark, but I am disappointed.
it started off working good, but after about one year, the hot water stopped working. and now we have to look out for a new one..
Worked fo a week then broke
Some of the bottles were warped whenever I received them. Disappointed!!
The large bags were too small for retail items.
These towels are thin and do not rip apart easily when pulled, causing the person to use more than 1 towel . Although the price was much lower than other towels on the market, I would not purchase again.
Works well in a small place of course but breaks quickly.
Arrived new in good condition, in sealed packaging but was still missing one jaw. Even though it is a bent piece of metal with two holes it's pretty inconvenient to send the whole thing back so i will improvise my own "jaw" and choose to purchase from someone other than panavise in the future.
Im being pestered to leave a review, so I will. While I like the length of the cord, its dependability has a lot left to be desired. Stops charging every 2 to 5 minutes, requiring me to unplug and replug. Which requires me to be present in the room. Finally went back to my old cord, and have had no issues. I really wanted this to work for me. Sadly it does not.
Its just ok.. Still had bugs.
Ordered 2 for a job, brand new out of package one works how it should and the other binds up on the zip tie after it cuts it having to be manually pulled open again. It still works but just feels like one thats been dropped in the mud and slammed around in tool box for a while, not something brand new used for 2 days
This was intended for my 3 yr old granddaughter who has autism. She is always trying to wrap herself up with blankets and stuff herself into small nooks & crannies so I thought she would love this! Not the case. I'm not exactly sure why. The material was soft to the touch but a lot stiffer than I expected but that's what probably makes it durable. Besides being stiff the bottom does not inflate and has no cushioning to it. I added some pillows and blankets but still none of my grandchildren, with or without sensory issues, cared for it. It's rolled up waiting in closet for another attempt later down the road.
I returned the one I bought. It will probably work good for small woodworking jobs, but it did not work at all for sanding the peeling paint on my truck. For me, it just scratched up the surface unevenly. It did not smooth anything, and was terrible at sanding the paint that remained. The battery did not last very long, (I have a large li-ion) which is just as well - I ended up doing all of the sanding by hand to have it done right. I'll get a random orbital sander to do the other jobs. I probably should have done that in the first place. I got this one because I couldn't find a Ryobi random orbital battery powered sander... and I already have batteries for the drill (which by the way is great.)
Little bit Flimsy, Hard to place the appliance on top of it alone because it is not sturdy enough to be place underneath a half lifted appliance, you have to actually lift up the whole thing and place it as well as possible on top of it. although the length is adjustable but when it gets closer to end of the rod is not strong enough
Does not give accurate temp:( it's always off by about ten degrees
Brought these for my keystone wall plate. One side of the plug fits usb just fine and is snug and tight however the side facing outwards from the plate are not deep enough and as a result the usb plugs keep falling out or have bad connections.
it turns out that after I use it, this jaw cover quickly escapes from home vise heavy duty. This product cannot be used like the image I uploaded
When I recieved it i made the plugs for the ends hooked it all up and was excited ,then i turned it on and nothing. I messed with everything and finally I just put my hotend wire and my old thermistor wire on the new block plugged it all back in and it worked like a charm. But the money i wasted on this i could of put towards my E3D Lite that I am getting for $41 on amazon
They said they was unbreakable one fell and cracked all up garbage
I am a service Tech of 39 years and I recently lost a my small curved Forceps 5" , I bought two different sets and was not happy when I received these. The tips are very different, paper thin on one side and as expected on the other. The other set in picture show example of the lack of quality when clamping small parts they bow.
Disappointed. Compared to other blue Nitrile gloves it was much thinner to be 3 mil and tight putting it on Size S. My trash bags 1.1 mil seems thicker and stronger. It stretches thin and feels rough inside out. It does not rip but could cut small slits which is dangerous if you are dealing with chemicals. I am stuck with 200 gloves. Have to find a suitable usage.
This was just ok. Some of the products were ok and some were cheap and probably won't last.
Not that great, found better ones at the local grocery store. The others smell chlorine clean.
did not fit over seat to narrow
The product itself is as advertised. Whoever packed it, though, just tossed it into a box with another order (some fairly fragile wooden plant labels). It rolled around in the box, the cap broke, the cleaner leaked out into the box and broke several pieces of my other order. Considering how much bubble wrapping Amazon uses on all my other orders, I KNOW better packaging was possible. 😡
Tires lasted less than a year. Fuse blows frequently, can't use with Scag Turf tiger, battery puts out too many amps.
I used this on my engine and found thr chemicals were separated inside the tube. I'm not sure how old this stuff is but when I bought it, I had to squeeze some out and remix it together.
This is very far from no clean. It leaves an awful sticky residue and even discolors the metal on your soldering tip badly. Definitely not the quality I have come to expect from MG. Everything else I have from them has been great but this one is a miss big time.
These were great for a short amount of time. We use these at a private preschool to keep parents from parking where the children play and they only lasted 5 month. Now all the signs are broken and non-usable.
Didn't mind it was covered in oil. Didn't mind the cheap case it came in. However, when I went to use it for the sole reason of purchasing which was to cut a two 4in holes in a hollowed $20 Home Depot slab door for a project, it struggled. Not sharp at all. I thought it would catch the door on fire from all the friction and lack of cutting. Not deep so I had to start one side then attack from the opposite to finish.
The tabs one is required to pull out or push in are not the good. They can easily slide into the unwanted position or even partially in or out. If I would recommend buying this product, which I do not, I'd put the basic operating instruction on the back. Based on other reviews, I'd say others would agree. I plan on searching for and getting a better made and easier to use product.
The expiration date is 3 months from the time it arrived. No wonder it's so cheap.
Bright. Lights up through your skin for dermatological uses (e.g. ingrown hairs). But the electronics are finicky and it goes on & off frequently when you move it. Verrrrry frustrating so I rarely use it anymore.
The rubber is oddly stiff. It's also not so strong.
The thing such. It is to weak to stay on the cable to strip the insulation off it.
The spring is much to weak to keep proper down force on a tap. I think it would be good for .25 on down taps.
Pass On It if I were you.
Product is for CONCRETE REPAIR, yet review and description make it seem to be WINDOW GLAZING
Not very stable. You have to hold it down so it doesn't fall over Or pull forward.
Does not work on limescale
Good Idea . The motor is under powered but still works to get the bath tub clean. The electrical joints were the extension bar connects are a loose fit and constantly need to be pushed back together to keep the unit operational when in use. Needs improvements but still worth the convenience of not doing the tub on your knees.
Pretty cheap basic set but I guess you get what you pay for.
I have used this product for years and ordered it many times. This last ordered had a very weird smell of something burnt. There was also a strange looking mark inside the lid that has that same smell. So disappointed. I have a huge tub of a cream that I normally love for my clients and I'm not sure if I should even use it.
Worked fine for a few months. It's never been abused or over bent, always kept in my car and kept safe and is already causing audio to cut in and out. I bought a braided cable purposely to avoid this. Not a good deal of it's going to just stop working properly after the possibility to return or replace it is possible.
Our electrician installed these, and complained about how difficult it was to install. Loved the quality of light and the swivel feature. Unfortunately the electrical inspector was just here and they must come out because they don't meet standards. He pointed out the overheating and live wire in the wall issue we have with them. Electrician needs to come right back and disconnect them or shut down the whole circuit they're on.
Works, but poor quality, but it was cheap!
Wasn't really what I needed for my wound. I ended up using Manuka honey which was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!and surpassed any hydrocolloid dressing or hydrogel which all made my wound worst. Not worth the money
Did not like the fact that it had no adhesive. I had to tac this down with numerous nails to keep it down...
It's a nice tote but it came in with a broken wheel and there is no option that I can find to get a replacement part. The only option appears to ship the whole thing back. What a pain in the neck. Now I've spent $500 on it and have to go buy a new wheel. Otherwise it's a nice piece. My issue is more with contacting the seller than the product.
This arrived wrapped in plastic and leaking. Very unhappy.
I found them very durable but very slick with any type metal, plastic ... like clippers trimmers etc
You get a lot of it, but the bubbles pop super easy, like as you are wrapping things. I ended up buying a second box because it was so cheap and we went through it really fast. We then switched to moving paper, same price and we packed soooo much more with the paper. We saved the paper to re-use when we unpacked, the popped bubble wrap wasn't salvageable and ended up in the trash.
Initially this item worked great. But I need to wear it for a minimum of 4 weeks. The air has stopped holding air and I have only worn it for 2 weeks.
Easy to use but picture quality is not very promising. Good for first experience in exploring micro world and making bugs' photos.
Super thin and doesn't stick.
The product did not come with a lid.
These work but not nearly as well as the ones that came with my media blaster. I was disappointed.
Any tea that's when relatively small will slip through the holes on these guys. They are also super light so they just float and take forever to steep the tea. I was really hopeful but should have read the reviews before buying. The design is nice and the drip tray is convenient but that's about it. Would be okay if you have bulky tea like chamomile
I bought cheap and then paid for quality. You'll be happy with a Starrett.
The crimp looks nice. They do start out all crooked, but the final crimp looks nice. I cannot push them hard enough to get them to click into the socket though. It looks like the back is flared out too much to fit through the hole. Perhaps I got a bad batch.
The covers do not screw on properly. They leak.
Not delivered on time.
The rubber is OK but the adhesive was like non-existent. Even the paper backing it comes with just slid off.
Cheap. Low quality, flimsy.
The night mode of this cam is awful, it does not provide a clear view, compare the other cam I had installed. Also the distance is also small, wide but small.
Do not use this product to cover holes or on corners, anything with to much bend in it will reduce the materials ability to remain flat to surface and you will have air pockets. Also this material absorbs a lot of resign and dries thin and brittle. Not for boats!
Can barely hear my husband heartbeat.
Soldering anything connected to the common ground was a hassle and even with flux, the solder would not flow and adequately cover the solder pads. I though I tested all of my connections and everything seemed to boot just fine. I hooked up a signal generator with a 1 volt amplitude at a low frequency and one of the pins on the surface mount components went up in smoke. I doubled check all of my capacitor codes and check resistance with my multimeter, so I'm at a loss as to what happened. I have a feeling that something was properly grounded as that's where I had the most trouble. Kind of sucks that poor common-ground solder joints is what broke this kit and three hours worth of work.
First and foremost, this is extremely MESSY! The contents were all there. Seeing the magnetic field is cool, but because of the toxic nature of the fluid, you can find YouTube videos that show you everything you can do with the fluid and there just as exciting. The magnets could have been better quality and chrome plated to make them more durable and not get the fluid stuck to the tiny grooves. The Petrie Dish doesn't seal, is loose fitting, and stains easily. It took lots and lots and lots of wiping to get it all out. The little suction wand was useful for getting the fluid out of the cracks. Gloves were nice, but you'll want to buy more as they'll get covered with fluid when it comes to cleanup time.
I was disappointed in the condition of my new stethoscope. It wasn't sealed in plastic and the box was ripped.
Didnt work too good with my phone.
Looks nice, but it is to big, and the hex screws are not standart size. It is really hard to remove.
Package just arrived great! Less than 24 hrs problem is it's missing the Castile soap and underpad
Thought these might smell better than normal hand sanitizer because they were supposedly infused with essential oils! WRONG!!! Almost no discernible difference between these and regular hand sanitizer.
I usually wear smalls and these were tight. Otherwise a good product.
While these gloves are warm and dry, the finger tips are square stiff and cumbersome, the whole glove really. I tried to break them in by beating them on the garage floor to loosen them up, and one of the fingertips came open (unstitched)
The ports are not consistent. Jumper cables will fit in some of the ports but not others. Would not recommend.
They smell bad and are hard to actually play with
Not as strong as advertised
When I turn to tide this bottles up they don't get tight they just keep going around and around
Stud that joins shelf to triangular bracket literally popped off as I began screwing the nut onto it. It definitely concerns me that I was going to be setting hot coffee on this shelf. How much force will it take for others to pop out? They appear to be brazed in place. There has to be a better/safer way to fasten these studs. I sent it back.
So o bought this to look for a blockage in a pipe. This camera is not good for it. Once in the pipe, the lens gets dirty and you have to pull it out to clean the lens. It is very flexible and it tends to bunch up in the pipes. I guess the only thing it's good for is looking in walls.
Beware. Only received one package although the item description states 5.
Received product today the case for the refractometer is missing the latch to the Box
Had a LOT of bubbles
Have used Inland orange in the past, but they've obviously changed their filament since then. This is a very dull orange. More like a pastel. It prints good, but if you want a vibrant orange, do not get this. It's nothing like what is pictured.
Great price, but the corner is broken off...
Too rough and not absorbent
The amber color might deceive you, they are not glass. Push spray stays down & oozes at the base of the sprayer.
The squares that you pull out of the canister are much smaller than other brands that are available. Even the individually wrapped Travel samples that you receive are larger than the standard sheet. If you are using price/per unit to figure your savings you need to factor in that you'll use twice as many wipes to clean your CPAP mask. I was also unimpressed with the fluid retention of these sheets. They dry out quickly! I would not recommend.
I use this to print capacitive touch pads for a product I make. When it's dialed in, the print quality is quite nice even though there are definite sacrifices in durability and layer adhesion vs normal PLA. It really does a number on nozzles. Cleaning filament is not effective. I've ultimately resorted to just changing nozzles after using this stuff. I'm on my 3rd spool and it is inconsistent with the first two. It seems nearly twice as brittle as the others and keeps snapping near my extruder which has been a massive headache. I need conductive filament, but this last spool has left me quite frustrated. It might be time to look in to alternatives.
Unfortunately, we went a little too lean budget on these. Always have to use two bags for reducing tears.
I was very excited about receiving these tea leaf strainers because of the great things I have heard about them, but once I tried them for my tea it was horrible. The holes on the tea strainers were very big and it often left so many little leaves in my tea. I would have to use a real strainer to get all of the leaves out to be able to dink it.
Inaccurate temperature setting could possible damage items in cleaning
Not very well made and assembly required additional hardware not included with the kits to prevent falling apart. We would not purchase again.
After spending a few hours of assembly found that one of the motor support was not included in the package. Down loaded still to print new support, shortly before finishing frist print hot end stopped working. Pulled apart hot end resistance tested it and it read at .1 ohms. After some research found resistance should be 3.5 ohms. I did have mosfets installed on both heat bed and hot end. Will update review after installing replacement hot end. I with with a better replacement.
Really neat idea. Started going out in a few months.
it was not fit with a regular kwikset deadbolt.
I love the biofreeze product but this spray pump literally pumped and sprayed 1 time and immediately clogged up. For the price, that is not acceptable! Ugh!!!
Takes up too much room. Other than that, it's great!
Hard to find an app to work with this. Picture quality isn't great.
Very slippery for kids and adults. I put some Velcro on the bottom, which helped, but kids still fall
Not well made...the droppers don't dispense properly and they do not seal very well.
The product was v thick and even after following all the instructions it didn't become clear as shown in videos . The quantity needed was double of what I had bought because it was so thick it didn't move well
The plastic terminal sleeve came loose as soon as I plugged it in the first time. I don't think it was a hazard, but the workmanship needs to be better.
I returned. Didn't lay flat between the counter and the stove. Huh.
Very thin and even more fragile. The only good thing about them is that they were definitely strong.
Got this order right away, but they sent me the wrong size. Hopefully they will pay for shipping.
This product has a nice feel and helps reduce redness and irritation. I bought the small full face for Fisher & Paykel, but the opening seems to be too high towards the bridge of the nose (apex of the triangle) leaving a long piece hanging down on my chin. I wanted to like it but the awkwardness of the hole made it difficult to use. Perhaps it was a miss in quality control.
housing on cable end just fell off within 2 weeks. cable end is now bending and sound cuts out. dont buy it
The blade wouldn't even open. I had to force it open and use pliers to properly adjust it right. Still hard to close.
The light is no where near bright enough to be considered a penlight. I tried both lights with fresh batteries, and they both were not great. I am returning them.
Not as strong as I had thought they would be to suspend a 5 pound solar panel.
It was cracked when I received it.
This is 3 boxes total.
The air pump provides inadequate air pressure and volume to provide any meaningful aeration.
So many issues right out the gate that only got worse as time went on. Constant clogging, bent z carriage, every other wheel had a dent in it which caused for layer skips and shifts. Power supply stopped working entirely and wouldn't even turn on anymore. This will undoubtedly be a lot of people's first printer given the low price tag but if you want a reliable machine that won't require upgrading just to keep it working, I'd advice looking somewhere else
Not sure if these would actually survive under pressure the way they appear to be poorly made. Returning for better quality product from another vendor.
I finally used all these and I'm glad they are gone!! They were a pain to stretch to fit the Rubber Maid Slim Jim cans I bought. Some would stretch, but you could see they were close to tearing. Others WOULD stretch and break. I'm now using some large capacity bags from WM and they seem to be working fine thus far!
So failed after 8 months. Cheap plastic
The detergent bottle is a waste, runs out of soap so fast,it's useless. That's why I bought it, to reach the top floor with soap. Useless!
Bristles are very stiff so they can't sweep up fine dust, no matter how many times I pass over an area. The broom comes pre-drilled in the middle with 2 holes which only serves to weaken the wood in the middle. Not sure why anyone would need 2 holes there.
I ordered this as I had run out of black for a time valued project. Received next day (Amazon's new 1 day shipping for some projects) which was great. What I received was brown filament. Had to open the package and use it as it was all I had... Unsure if this is an Amazon or Inland mistake, the box was labeled brown. Byron
I bought these for my LG Tone Pro Bluetooth headphones and they never even worked because of the size of the clips. very dissapointed after all the wait.
Ends are not clear. Can't shoot through the long way when using for photography or when shinning lights
Thought I'd pay extra to get a nice grease gun, but got a faulty unit that would not prime no matter how much I coaxed it along. Pushed and pulled the follower, hit the bleed vent until grease spewed forth from it, but pump as I may, not even a dribble of grease came out, without the hose connected, even. I tried packing the head full of grease manually to make sure there were no pockets of air, and made sure the spring was pushing on the grease in the tube, but still nothing at all. Tediously cleaned out the grease and sent it back where it came.
This torch lighter did not want to work when it arrived after many attempts of adding fuel and adjusting the flame control it started to work as it should. about 3 months later the flame control no longer worked and it is at maximum all the time. Turning the adjustment for the flame control does nothing. It is a very inexpensive torch lighter. I would not recommend it to others.
Item is as described. However I expected these to be clean and sterile. Instead they were in cheap, thin plastic wrap that had holes where the tips were sticking out.
After more use of the filament, I've decided to change my review. The diameter of the filament is horrifically inconsistent which results in ugly prints. The spools have also had some tangles which caused failed prints - I've never had that issue with any other brand that I've used. If they could fix these two critical issues, the filament would probably be my go to due to price and strength. But until then, I doubt I'll purchase this again.
Jad to return did not fit machine
This worked one month. The bulbs burnt out.
These smell like an old lady's house and they do not work very well. I did not see any difference in how often I had to clean my toilet. And if I didn't have to flush that toilet for a day (like in a rarely used bathroom) the next day the purple stuff would be like soap gunk on the toilet bowl. Do not recommend.
These mixing cups have four square tabs at the bottom of the cup that stick out from the cup wall. It seems like these features were added so that the cups stack on top of each other without jamming together, ie: to make it easy to remove a cup from the stack. However, when mixing epoxy, the tabs interfere with the stirring stick, making it difficult to scrape the walls (necessary for a complete mix). Also, the mixing sticks are too small for my purposes, and the spoon-like end does not scrape the sides or bottom as well as a squared end shape.
The valve seams like it was assembled wrong could not turn valve.
Got my refund, at least.
Most dried out. Stuck with large box of useless wipes. Disappointed.
Poor quality, old frail bands that break easily. Would not buy from this supplier again. Others were higher quality.
This 3D printer has been NOTHING but problems for me. Maybe I just received a faulty printer. The power constantly turned off and on, then just recently will not even turn on.
I have used many different brands of nitrile gloves and none of them had a noticeable odor. These gloves smell incredibly bad! If you have asthma I highly recommend you don't purchase these. Even my friend who used these to help me around the house said they stunk badly. The second thing I've noticed is that they have a bad tendency to break especially when you're putting them on. Also, very difficult to get out of the box they are much too tightly packed together. I can't recommend these.
The writing in the cup should be black instead of clear. It's too hard to see the writing.
its like 36" not a regular broom
Bought this cup to assist my husband with a liquid diet following jaw surgery. The cup is great except for one fatal flaw - the lid leaks. It is not apparent right away, but after a few days of use, we realized that liquids were oozing around the rim of the cup and out from beneath the lid. We only hand washed the cup and lid - never put in the dishwasher. If not for the leaking issue, it would have been almost perfect. The only other flaw is the vent hole in the lid should be a tiny bit larger, but that could be easily remedied.
Upon receiving packet, first pads was wired was missing from one. I never returned. I tried now a 3rd packet and again missing wires.
Has a non standard shaft, it's much smaller than others. Had to wrap it with electrical tape to get it to fit. Otherwise works pretty good.
I received these yesterday and needed to install them before mowing. 1 of the 4 bolts came without a nut. Luckily the nut from an old wheel fit the new one. Then 3 of the 4 wheels had a hub that was longer than the smooth part of the bolts. I ended up having to shave them down, some more than others because they were all different lengths, with a belt sander before I could install them. Now that they are finally installed, we will have to wait and see how well they wear.
I'm giving this two stars because I only got a package of 5! They are great masks but once again I only got 5 of them when it said I was ordering 10!
I felt the photo description on web site showed that I will get the mask holder with the head gear. I had also bought the Amara view small cushion. But I got only the head gear without the mask holder. As I desperately need it so I have started using the delivered items with the old mask holder.
No good. Poor calibration, had to print like 30 accessories to get it to print somewhat consistently but it lost connection and stopped printing constantly, had to use the micro SD card only.
Stick doesn't hold as long as real professional gaffer tape.
Not very happy with this purchase because many of the envelopes in the package were stuck to each other so I already lost about 8 bags right there. I couldn't return because I was running late on my order and didn't have time to reorder so I made what I could out of these. The picture is also misleading because they are all the same size not different sizes please read description thoroughly before purchase. The bubble filler inside was not supportive at all it was very thin and wouldn't protect many things so I had to wrap it in my own bubble wrap then put it in this envelope.
unless you also purchase the MASSIVE MOP, this is basically useless. This WILL NOT work with your everyday common household mop
These gloves tear way too easily. The rolled cuff separates with almost every glove as I pull them on. They get holes in the fingers very easily and I end up changing them too often. Will not reorder.
Does NOT do anything about gnats. I sprayed 3 times a day for a week straight. Still had gnats everywhere.
Powerful but very small and light weight
Not impressed - hopefully they hold up!
Bolt holes didn't line up to accommodate the seat adjuster but that was an easy fix. The main problem is that it doesn't have a plate in the bottom to actuate the seat safety switch. Until I figure out how to bypass it, I have to operate with a clamp on the switch.
after some time with this printer, and the progression of the 3d printer industry, I have to change my review. I would no longer recommend this printer. don't get me wrong, it's a work horse. but the quality that it produces is just not as high as newer and cheaper printers. I printed with this printer for over a year. adjusting settings, tweeking it to get the most out of it. then I purchased a Ender3 at less than half the cost and it produces better prints out of the box. 2 years ago this was a good printer. Now it is dated, and the finished product is just not up to current standards.
Broke down after first day of use. Was for 8 yr old. Very disappointed.
I use for ice water and they sweat on the bottom
Good Iron. Heavy duty but stopped working utterly after 5 (FIVE) months.
Great product but poorly packaged and damaged in shipping. Since my kids are just as likely to cut it up for arts and crafts I'll give it to them anyway, but if I needed intact post or boards I would have been really mad. Only the outside 2-3 on each side were damaged.
i though it was animal color prints and got an ugly green camo! i don't think my son will appreciated
DOES NOT WORK ON XBOX ONE X
If you can get past the taste then it seems to work.. No one was impressed with the taste!
Has a very strong acetone odor. Shoes smell like nail polish remover. Not sure what's worse.
I have been using this net for over a year now. I like how easily it retracts and comes apart. But it does not hold its round shape
After installing I found a small but persistent leak coming from the top of the black cap. Very annoying. I contacted supplier, heard nothing back.
Pencils are good pencil sharpener don't work so good blade has a chip on it
Bags tear too easily
While a decent price, this rack was a pain to assemble at times. Most notably the height of bars for clothing have to be decided on when you build the end sections. I need to redo mine but it will be a bit of work to do so. Also, the bars' support for clothing weight seems kinda flimsy. I am hesitant to trust it with any large amount of clothes
bleach leaked in bos. outside box was soaked with bleach
Shows for furniture and I bought multiple but it came in and says do no use on furniture or upholstery
I used this lotion in my massage practice several years ago and really liked it, it had a very nice and distinct smell to it that my clients liked. They seemed to have watered it down since then because there was no scent to it at all. It seems like they've degraded the quality over the years. Nothing special about the quality of the lotion.
I really loved the size and look and price of these so I went ahead and ordered them. The downside is, after filling with your juice or liquid of choice, if you need to shake them up, you can't shake them. If you do shake them, the liquid just pours right out from under the caps. It's really annoying so I guess I'll just save them and store shampoo or something in them that you never have to shake. In the meantime, the search is on for better juice containers.
Did not stop rough idle on my Honda Gold Wing.
I tried to screw these eye screws in to a lead sinker. I drilled a pilot hole, but three screws that I tried all broke off. They also have some magnetic properties.
I placed two orders of these that were filled by Only Garment Racks. Our first order of these was OK but the second shipment of shelves are unusable. The second set was not as pictured. In fact, not even close. It has an odd bend on the bottom support (see picture) that causes the shelf to angle forward and thus is not even. Very disappointed especially since we did not unbox the shelves until at a vendor show sometime later that we received them (and they wouldn't let us return them because the return window expired).
I bought this because my iPhone 7 doesn't have a headphone jack and I prefer my wired headphones. When I plugged this in it didn't start working and I had to fiddle with it to work with my case (UAG)... Next morning I plug my headphones in and all I can hear is a clicking nose through my headphones. Tried the apple ear buds.... Same result. I use my phone allot and being able to charge and use my wired headphones was important to me. Now looks like I'm going to have to buy another necklace band Bluetooth headset and I ratty didn't want to do that
I purchased this vacuum in April 2018, and at first, I was really happy with it. I like that it is very straightforward in its functionality and I like that it has a bag so that the dust and dirt is contained and the vacuum is easy to empty. However, by December 2018, the vacuum was no longer working properly. I changed the bag frequently, I cleaned the brush, and I use it infrequently. But, the vacuum won't suck up most anything and it also dumps what it is tossing around the brush back on the floor when I change directions. There was also a period of a few hours where it just refused to turn back on and my husband got it going again after inspecting it, cleaning it, and then finally giving it a whack!
If you are using these to take off your nail polish from your toes, the nail polish remover dissolves the glove and creates a hole. Therefore, i don't recommend this glove for any type of chemical usage. They have other gloves, but I only purchased the vinyl gloves. Maybe these gloves are good for light types of activities that don't deal with chemicals.
It's the right color but hardly sticks to anything, even most dry and even surfaces. Almost defies logic sometimes, very frustrating considering you buy it for utilitarian purposes.
I love the look and style. The sound quality would be great if you didn't have to hold the ear pieces in the ears. It doesn't have enough resistance to hold its place in the ears. Otherwise this would have been amazing.
Well it's looks and feels okay but it most certainly does not have 4 pockets that's a lie it has 3 so that's pretty messed up to say it has 4 when it's only 3 the fabric is super stiff hopefully after washing it will be better
The wire itself seemed durable, but the tip that plugs in fell off after one month of using. I bought this because it looked heavy duty - the hdmi plug ends are not heavy duty.
The instructions claim that these can be left out in the sun to dry, stored, and reused. No matter how long these were left out in the sun or even taken in a garage, they would not dry out. The work they way they're supposed to... once, but that's all you're going to get.
Purchased three to use on some kegs, two worked more or less as advertised, the third tap simply would not pressurize the keg. I would press my whole body weight down and could not force air into the keg. The others would not hold pressure very long after pumping. If your looking for a one use tap, this is it. If your looking for something a bit more long term choose another
The bottles themselves are great, however, the actual sprayers leak from the top. Very disappointed as I tried several thinking it was just one that was having this issue, only to discover each one started to leak after anywhere from one use to a day of use.
The smell is horrendous... you're room will end up smelling like a men's urinal! The product worked at getting the pee up and removing the stain but I can't get past the smell.
product was good however Order got lost in shipping waited over 3 and a half weeks after paying $250 on shipping!!
Some might be ok, others are rough. I don't have enough confidence in the product to move to the next step and actually use.
It arrived with some broken parts from the factory. Very poor quality control.
Too loose and insecure for a standard hard hat. You would need to tape it on or punch a hole in it (very low quality, so that might destroy it) to tie it on. But perfect if you don't actually do any work or if there is never any wind; works great when you're standing still in your kitchen.
These are not certified USB Type C cables. I didn't know such certification exists, but apparently there is one. You can go to USB.org to check their certified cables. Too bad mine was bought over 30 days ago and I can't return these anymore.
These are surprising weak. You can buy much cheaper magnets at hobby stores which will have the same strength
I used this product to make my dinner for less than a month and already it has stopped working. I checked the wiring of the metal part and it looks fine, just doesn't work anymore.
They don't fit and seller won't take them back!
Mediums usually fit me nice but these feel like small gloves , i would like to exchange the remaining unopened boxes for a size large.
Did not receive my order. Two days AFTER I should have received the batteries, I received an email from the seller (Premium Batteries) saying they couldn't fulfill the order (with no further explanation), and saying they had just processed a refund for the previously charged item. This was disappointing because I then had to find an alternate source and order anew, with the additional delays this 2nd purchasing cycle brought. The only reason I gave Premium Batteries two stars is because they took the initiative to contact me to let me know about the order fulfilment problem, and took care of the purchase refund with no action required on my part. Still, without an explanation for what happened with this cancelled order, I will likely be a little nervous to order from them again, for fear that this could happen again. If I order batteries, I need batteries (the first time).
One of the jars was smashed in the packaging.
Without fail after I print with this the following day it has broke and I have to reinsert the filament. I'll probably toss it.
These are ok. I just prefer steel..
The surface area is fine but the magnets are very poor. They have just about fallen off every time I open them up to move or remove something. What's the point in this unless they adhere properly. And they are adhering to iron, so the only reason they are not hanging on is that they are cheap magnets. I may add rare earth by drilling new holes and gluing them in. Shame on you, China. Another crappy item that could have been better with just a little more thought and making less profit.
Works smoothly, however, nozzle won't produce a thin round spray pattern to blast dirt and bugs off auto paint.
Not sure if the batch was old or not, but it didn't work as good as expected. Will look for another brand.
I bought a pack of 6 and it arrived with only 4 bottles. Bottles are small, made with PET, seems well made. The spray is not centered and makes part mist part jet sprays. Two star for being cheap and functional, not perfect but still usable, thus two stars.
I have had this for a few weeks and still do not see much of a difference. I will continue to use until it is gone, but most likely will not repurchase.
1 was slightly smaller than normal so it fell right in bottle. 2 were like 1/3 of a cork. and 9 had small dripping leaks. i still have about half of them that i haven't used yet. but its looking like about 1 in every 5 is bad
The compressor turned on but the air would not flow out of the dog. It is cute and got my son excited about using it, but unfortunately it didn't work. The mask and components are a good size for small children though.
I got these to cover my pet food dishes, which measure 5 inches. There is no way the small size will fit these dishes even though it says 2 inches to 5 inches on the package. They might be great for smaller dishes, but not those that ARE 5 inches.
Several of the lids were loose enough to allow a fair amount of soap to leak out during shipment. They should really tighten them, and tape them shut. Gallon containers are heavy and shipping the them this is a foreseeable problem. Otherwise, love the soap. It really cleans and soothes my hands.
These bags fit the mondo size bath fizzies but.... the entire set of them heat sealed themselves in the mail on the way to our home... returning them indefinitely.
They dont seal very well at all. These are okay for thicker lotions/products but not good for coconut oil (which melts). The coconut oil leaked out of the containers each time no matter how tightly I screwed on the lid.
A couple of the zippers were broken. For the price, I am disappointed.
The product is sturdy and I love that the top just lifts off to refill. So disappointed that it leaks though. Wouldn't recommend this product unless you want a puddle of soap on your floor or sink.
It's a great size, but the quality can be more sturdier for the price. It will do for now.
Seems like it is an old battery. It doesn't have a very strong charge and doesn't last more than a few minutes before needing charging again.
Not heavy enough. Very thin glass. Easy to break. I would love these in a heavier weight.
Very hard to vaccum dirt from this rug due to many small squares. We have this at a door way and very hard to get ice salt out of the rug.
Too small for my use.
They aren't quiet like advertised. They are heavy. They do not move nicely. They are super fun colored and style! Returned!
Really disappointed by these. They are really poorly made and honestly if I didn't need to rush ship the items I ordered them for, I would return them.
Threaded nut broke off during install. I wasn't being overly gentle with it, but didn't expect it to break so easily.
Images on Amazon are deceiving compared to what actually comes
Wasn't what I really expected not sharp enough
Purchased in November of 2017. The pressure gauge and surrounding plastic casing broke off. It worked great when it did work (used approximately 5 times). Portable and easy to use. Gauge seemed to be accurate when compared to other gauges. Most of my tools are Ryobi and this is the first to fail. Thank You!
Ordered Overture Black PLA. Constant warping and poor adhesion on a glass bed with Elmers glue stick. Tried different hot end temps and bed temps. Didn't seem to matter. Went back to Hatchbox PLA (two different colors) and problems went away. I didn't try the included Overture print surface.
I bought these for my mother who is a nail technician. She said these melted and ripped easily when it touched the nail polish remover the salon uses. Granted the salon does use some strong acetone, but I've found other products that can withstand same acetone better.
I don't notice any difference with these in. But others that are similar with the 3 rings don't seem to do anything either. And problem with this type of plug is you have to insert it entirely in your ear, which is too far to put something in your ear. With the foam plugs I can put them in as far I need to for the situation and they are effective even halfway in. These are not and they just fall out a lot. But it's not anything wrong with this brand, juts the type of ear plug.
Not worth the money. I'd rather just stick to Icy hot
Works good but only needed two pieces and now I don't use them.
Leaks, lid pops on and off very easily
PH meter broke when exposed to water. Ironic. PPM meter works great.
Positive- It is very light weight though so that is a plus. It sweeps nicely as well. Negative- Cheap. There are no instructions on which piece attaches to which. The broom holder it comes with is cheaper than the broom. It comes with suction cups instead of screws and the part that holds the broom is so loose it is just a waste! It is much small than I'd like.
It did not fix the problem. I followed the instructions and even let it set for 36 hrs. The Oder is just as bad and the color of the water is just as bad. The other urinal does not have a problem.
Like the other reviewers I've had issues with stripped screws and difficulty getting wires in. Not worth the hassle.
I ordered this for my vacation and it is a great vial but the funnel was missing. I contacted the company and they said they would send the funnel. I 've been waiting 6 months now.
I used it in a reservoir that auto misting for all my animal tanks. it worked fine for 2 days and now my animal room is flooded. I saw great review from everyone, am I the unlucky chosen one?
The roller cap is to hard to remove. If you could ship them without the caps attached that would solve the problem.
The first two boxes of these seemed good. Slightly thin, but good. The last box I received however is completely unusable. They stink like sulfur, and leave the smell on your hands also. Completely unusable for anything medical.
Doesn't work for my purposes. I needed to be able to use a flame without added power behind it (for melting wax) and also for soldering (for which it works great). Unfortunately someone disposed of my packaging before I figured it out so I couldn't return - not the fault of the torch.
The picture of the plugs are much, much smaller then they look in the picture. I used silicone to hold them in.
Falls into great on my stove big face
I find the cleaning power to be mediocre. but I find the smell horrible !! my clothes smell like I got them out of a stinky Laundromat. my clothes smell like Stink. moldy. old. left in the washer too long. will not buy again. gave 2 away. feel sorry for the person.
Stopped working within a couple of uses. I liked what they were trying to do, but don't think it's fully developed.
Every bag in the case, every single bag, the drawstring rips through the bag and is useless. Very annoying
Mine showed up with several dents and a corner crushed.
Some sticks broke with the lightest touch. Is this okay, I mean does that effect the sticks function? Secondly, I briefly smelt the lemon scent. I don't smell it any longer shortly afterwards I did not want to rate your product till Your reply, but was forced to select.
expensive but convienient
I thought these were much bigger.
Blows the fuse every time on the cigarette lighter and power point.
This tape tears really easily and doesn't remove in one piece, comes off in pieces. Doesn't give a clean line. Shipped quickly.
Pretty thin. Won't work in dispenser.
These cords didnt even last 30 days before they stopped charging.
I feel sorry for the workers in the plant that make this stuff. Holy cow do these smell foul. I placed these outside to air out and can small from at leas 10 feet away. Not certain if I'm going to keep yet or return. Will report back in 30 days.
Funny I reordered the exact same item from prior purchase, the new order bags are much thinner and tear very easily. I feel like grasshopper walking on rice paper. Learned to be very careful.
Two stars for number of feelers, one star for quality of markings. Indeed, the sizes wear off immediately. No, I'm not exaggerating, I used them once to level a machine bed and the size markings wore off as I pulled them out and used them. Get what you pay for, needed them in a pinch. Long term I'll be shelling out for Starrett or Mitutoyo.
Does not really fit my sons face and the band that goes around his head is constantly slipping off.
The wire brush and screwdriver was not included.
I'm not impressed. It comes in pieces you need to put together. It is super thin, and I'm not convinced this is going to protect me from the massive amounts of smoke in my area due to wildfires. I thought this was a different, thicker mask that I had previously ordered. I obviously read the description wrong.
Extremely small wont be able to do over a 1 gallon carboy. Keep that in mind.
Broke apart very easily. Not very happy with this purchase. And the remote did not work.
The cable seemed liked it hot glued itself together and when it was finally pulled apart the upper ripped. Not awesome.
Very flimsy. The back sheet that should be a piece of cardboard to make it easier write on isn't there. It's all paper and makes it awkward to write on
Too small I actually thought they were a bit bigger
Way smaller than I realized, which is my fault, but pretty flimsy. Not sure what it's use would be.
I bought this because I didn't want to replace the 4' fluorescent fixture itself. It was cheap and it didn't take too long to install. Matching the colored wires was easy. Once installed, It seemed to work OK, but then failed after a few days. Considering the cheap price, I didn't bother to return it. Rather than try another ballast, I bought an LED fixture on sale at Lowe's and installed that.
Great design and concept. They use things like this in the hospital, which is why I bought them. My son is chronically ill and we just used our first one. It immediately leaked and he didn't throw up much at all. Just a small amount. Rather than throw all of the others out, we tested the next one with some water and emptied it. It seems like it will hold? I'm hoping the first leaky one was a fluke, but I would caution people to maybe consider a more expensive brand. It is definitely not hospital grade.
Bearings failed after a few days in the MK3, started squeaking then seized up and caused crash detection to trip.
Nice hammer but very short
Stated in notes was usa made,box and motor both stated made in china needed it for a elderly friend so installed so far working ok
These are some well made balls but I wish I would have received the amount I ordered. Unfortunately the packing of this product was poor so I received only half of my 1000 steel balls. The only way I can receive a refund (I'd be happy with a partial) is if I return the whole thing which is ridiculous for me to do.
The design is top heavy with narrow wheelbase so it will easily rollover if you try to pull with one hand. Very bad design, they should have wider wheelbase so it will be stable when you pull it. More roomy inside than toter but the price is almost twice. Build quality is good. The only flaw is having a narrow wheelbase and it is a big one since it is very hard to pull without flipping frequently. I think they thought about beauty ahead of utility and very difficult to pull with one hand.
This magazine case does not really retain magazines. Inserting my M&P 9 magazines in the case, the retaining clip doesn't even contact the magazines and does nothing to retain them. It would work for holding a magazine while shooting statically at the range but absolutely would not help for carry. By contrast, the single stack magazine case is too tight to even hold my shield magazines (but it does hold my single stack 1911 mags). I wanted to like this case, but it just doesn't work.
For something that is supposed to be plug and play this printer has been nothing but problems since I bought it. The original filament never completed a single print! Adhesion problems even after numerous calibration attempts. Attempted painters tape and bed cover sheets to sadly no difference. Even upgraded the filament to highest rated, brand new Proto-pasta and was not able to complete a print. Benchy stress testing would get through most of the difficult paces, but arches would fail and the entire print would slip free from the bed. I am finally writing this review after the power switch has gone out on the printer and the device has started sparking when plugging in the power supply while the control unit appears to be locked in the "on" state... I should have read reviews before making this purchase and am now stuck with a non-working printer. I added a second star at this point because of the cool "idea" of being able to play with printing, carving and laser engraving. Save yourself the $900 frustration and get a dedicated printer that legitimately works. I have spent the last three months primarily focused on getting the printer to work. Now with a broken power switch is it even worth playing with the other modules?
These dishes are pretty and sturdy, but the color of green around the rim does not match the photo online. It is more of an olive green, which, in my opinion, is far less attractive against a holiday tablecloth. I would like very much to reorder these dishes, if the green were available in a true deep forest green, rather than olive.
This is like $4 at Lowe's or Home Depot. You can still get it cheaper if you have to pay shipping at their stores.
I ordered heavy duty grade Velcro but got this weak version , sure I'll find a use for it eventually but this listing is for STANDARD strength, a bait and switch somewhere along the line. I couldn't wait to finish the project I was working on and scoured my local stores, Walmart had actual heavy duty strength Velcro in their sewing department , I paid $6 more for it but it made up for shipping from here so came to about the same price and is much stronger.
Too much for what it is
like the hammer but a year and half into regular usage the head fell off.
I use this for hauling groceries and such...It is not as strong as it looks...it's rather flimsy and doesn't pop up well. Not well made.
I chose this because it boasted a no frost feature. Meaning it would not burn your skin with cold. Although I put a cloth buffer between my (dressed) shoulder and the unit, it was still too cold. I now need to put a timer on after pulling it out of the freezer and when it has cooled down enough I can use it. I am of two minds about the incredible weight of it. On the one hand, it is very difficult to lift because of my recent surgery. It is the heaviest of any such item I have ever tried out. On the other hand, the heft of it does serve to press the cold deeply into your tissues. overall I am not happy with my purchase.
This is the cheapest 1000' available. It is very thin tissue and easily separates from its 2-ply layers. Do not purchase if quality is of high importance. If quality is not a factor, then the price is usually the lowest on Amazon.
Not even a month in and the bottle is cracking. Perhaps it is the bleach because I have gone through two other bottles using using bleach as the content. The search for a quality bottle continues.......
The flex feature makes it not work on round posts. I don't use it. Level works better.
Product is probably fine, but Amazon shipped with the fragile glass item wrapped in a paper wrap and placed into a standard Amazon box with some plastic pillows added. Needless to say, the glass wine thief rattled around in the box during shipping and arrived broken. A replacement was sent and despite my request that they better protect the item, it arrived packaged in the same manner. And guess what... It arrived broken. Requested a refund and waiting.
Ordered this as a replacement for one that lasted 6 years. Will not ratchet tight enough to stay put anymore and its only been 3 months. To be fair, I use a basic fibre metal welding hood, which is somewhat heavy in terms of welding hoods. Im thinking the weight of the hood being flipped back and forth all day might have something to do with it.
2 bottles were broken need better packaging
didnt come with all the springs....
Did not have wrong adhesive quality.
The Dry Erase Markers do not wipe off of this very easy at all. Had to start using Clorox wipes to get it clean.
it was a prime item, it took 8-10 days to get to me. I ended up purchasing other ones to get the job done.
I assume it works but didn't receive test packets.
Jam frequently and not so good filament
for what I wanted was to do thin acrylic lines: paint comes out in a 'poof' and splatters: tried over and over.....using them for stirrers, won't be getting them again.....
Was really excited about these, but two of the seats are already cracked. I use them to have a spot for small groups in different areas of my classroom and I am not a heavy man.
It was great for the four months it lasted. It will not hold air therefore useless now. Still trying to find a quality cuff to last.
BEWARE this product will stain hands, clothing, furniture, and even your dog!! I have no idea why my 12 year old son wanted this for Christmas. The shipping was very fast (actually arrived 1 week before expected) and very well packed if you have a need for this product.
Ends of the spools keep falling off. Ok product
3 of them have already stopped working need a few sent out free
Did no better than other cleaners I have used.
Did not charge my psp well at all
Difficult to put together and parts missing.
These gloves are too thin and break easily. They also seem to be sized incorrectly.
Of all the alignment tools I have, these are my least favorite. Most are redundant or awkward designs, and the one that I needed the most from this set broke after only a few uses. I went back to some of my older ones that I've had for over ten years that had one good end and another that I epoxied the blade back into the end. I would not recommend these or purchase them again.
Seems like it would be a good table, but the one I ordered arrived "marble white" instead of the ordered "speckled grey". It was badly crushed on one corner, and a black plastic piece on the underside (to hold the legs when folded) was broken off. I've emailed the company and they sent me a FedEx label to return the merchandise and state they will give me a refund upon its return. I'll keep you posted!
too tiny to be of any practical use. u could have atleast mentioned the dimensions in bold
Bought this thinking it was a great deal just to be disappointed. This was supposed to be a brand new bottle, however, the bottle was only half full at best. I could see some of the contents dried on the outside of the neck where it appeared that someone emptied a portion of the bottle into another container. Definitely was NOT a full bottle as advertised.
The winding of the spool was poor. It actually got tangled while I was printing an object. Luckily I was able to resume my print after untangling the filament. Also, just want to mention that this green is a bit more translucent than other green PETG filament I've purchased.
These champagne flutes come in stacks of 6 that are incredibly difficult to pull apart. I broke two while trying to separate them. Otherwise, these are good and I liked them. However, I will not buy these again.
Way too white or blue color, you do not want these in the bathroom.
Based on other reviews this machine probably does a well enough job at picking up dirt. I had questions about its longevity when I took it out of the box; its fairly flimsy. The door, to access/replace the bag, have protruding hinges on the bottom moulded into the canister housing. With enough tipping from the small front wheel the hinges will hit the floor (tried it). I have brick floors, the hinges wouldn't last too long. They're not replaceable without complete disassembly and replacement of the entire canister housing. Can't see buying a new one every year or two. Never plugged it in after inspection, packed it up for return, though it's probably OK for some users. Also, the description needs to be changed, this model does NOT come with metal wand.
Like many I bought this to hold locks, which it does fine as it is heavy enough to stay in place and the locks don't loosen in the vise. The main issues are the metal coating on the base came with bubbles that continue to scrap off with the touch of a finger(on the first and second one I received so far). Speaking of which I'm currently awaiting my third as the second did not come with the jaws, jaw pads, or screws. Additionally the way the jaws tighten from the bottom makes a very uneven hold on the object. The mounts the jaws are on tend to tilt as they're compressed so the bottom of the jaw is tight and the top starts to open back up. However it's not a huge issue due to the included pads holding the locks well. I'll try to include a picture with vise number 3 when it arrives if the jaws are included this time. Edit: Got the third one. It has an awful looking weld(in pictures), I peeled a good chunk off with a knife to clean it up but I don't really trust it to hold.
These do NOT work with the prusa i3, as the connector is wrong. You can solder them to your old connectors if you have them, but out of the package they are worthless.
I had to order it three times before it went through and when it arrived, the 18” plastic shoe horn was missing.
Measuring marks are clear so you can't read them once there's liquid in it.
Already having breaks in it and failed prints because of it.
This dried up after using it twice.
I installed this as a driveway mirror about 2 years ago. Does the job just great. But after 2 years the mirror backing, which is some kind of pressboard or paper, is disintegrating in the weather. Have no idea why they would make the backing out of a water soluble material for outdoor use.
Disappointed....package came with 3 bottles broken. Packaging was just a box with dividers. Should have been more when mailing.
The pastel pink is pretty, but I've gone through a quarter of a spool and all but two (our of a dozen) failed due to filament quality control. There's bubble build ups that cause either complete disconnects inside the nozzle and prints with no filament feed or causes over/under extrusion issues and looks shoddy. I've tried 5° increments through the whole range, speed adjustments, and completely disassembled my hotend assembly for a deep clean and I'm still having issues with just this pink. Inland used to be reliable for quality and not so much anymore.
Not sure if it's the tank but mine never seems to hold co2. It leaks out after a couple weeks.
It did not fit what I needed.
Product was purchased on prime and did not arrive for two weeks. I purchased it for my classroom and therefore did not receive it in time.
It's not as advertised, you will still need to scrub your panels to get it cleaned otherwise with this alone, it's just like hosing it but adding a coating
I bought this for 1 gal kombucha batches and to be honest it's just not necessary. The gallon must sit higher than the bottles so doing everything on the counter will not allow the siphon to flow. So I used it as a pump which was ok... Ultimately this broke while cleaning, after the second use. A tiny part came off the tip and now it won't even function as a pump. The ratings is based on it inability to fully clean/it breaking after second use
Very small and compact. Not the best suction on hard floors. I own a cleaning company and was expecting better suction. The carpet seemed better but what is this machine missing. I don't like the thought there is still dirt in the carpet due to the lack of suction.
This tape is "okay". The adhesive and color of the tape is fine. Compared to other gaffers tapes I've used this tape feels thinner, seems harder to tear precisely, and tends to tear into thin strips too easily. I prefer Pro-Gaff gaffers tape instead of this Fasten product.
It is NOT stainless steel as it says it is, but it is a good spoon for large pots of stew, chili, etc.
I hate reviewing this product because my complaint has nothing to do with the product itself. When I received my box, apparently something very heavy had been dropped on top of it. In fact it actually cut through the cardboard box. The whole top layer of boxes were mashed and looked very unsightly. I do not intend to go to the trouble of packing them up and sending them back because of the way they look but I am very disappointed that this happened. Just wanted you to know in case you need to touch bases with the people who deliver for you.
Unfortunately as advertised this product was supposed to have 10 different colors it doubled up on a few of the colors and then the "white" was actually a clear filament. While they still work and I like that they do not smell or become bubbly when working with them, it is a little upsetting to not get what was advertised.
Balsa is weak but this stuff is low quality balsa...
works OK, but not super great. I have trouble getting a good seal.
That sort of thing needs to be in the description, or clearly readable in the photos, or at the very least, in a downloadable MSDS sheet. But none of those things are available for this item. People (such as myself) looking to restore/improve their cast iron cookware have no way of knowing in advance it's not safe to use this on things that make direct contact with food. I might keep it for some future cleaning need, but I can't use this for cleaning the crud off of a cast iron skillet that is intended to be used for cooking. It might be great for cleaning things that you don't cook food in, but i have nothing like that to use it for right now, so I can't evaluate it for that purpose. The way that vital safety information like is presented (or isn't presented in this case) to the consumer before purchase is definitely part of what makes up a product, and is a valid point for judging a product's quality.
One of the bottles has a leak and sputters quite a lot, but the others are good. I found it helpful to cut off about an inch of the spout to get a heavier flow out of the nozzle. Very useful for watering my cactus and orchids with limited access to the soil.
I bought these for my mother who has a tremor due to Parkinson's. They did not help her with eating. But they're good quality.
Unfortunately, it was too big, I needed a tighter fit for my skin graft and edema. Now I have a roll of material.
Well, after having used other/older USB cords for my phones, I was forced to get this since Samsung is using USB-C. Was expecting heavy duty coiled cord. Not heavy duty at all (read kinda cheap). But I just connected new phone to new truck with new cord, and it works. Amazon fulfillment was excellent! On time which meant quick. Lazy driver did not "leave with resident" as tracking showed, but that's not Amazon or manufacturer's fault.
I thought they would be padded but will use these until I can find more padded chair cushions.
Its ok, not a very strong transfer tap. But ok. Buying again? well, if i need it, yes
It's just chalk wasn't really impressed with the results , used it for chalk paint.
Some meh at tight for medium size. I shouldn't order the large one
Nothing says it's 2.1 on it. Actually says nothing on it. So I can't say for sure if it's 2.1 capable. I know it looks good and works fine for 1080p and standard 4k. I was pretty disappointed to see it appeared used lightly. There were insert marks on the connection gold . Also one end had the logo rubbed off. There also was not any type of connection covers on the ends. You know the plastic end caps every HDMI supplier puts on their BEW cables? Not on this cable. Also overly stiff connection insertion and a pita to remove because these ends have a hook that looks into ports. Good I guess for things that you move alot so cable won't disconnect. But, with no documents stating playback capability you are buying at their word. We would need someone to actually test these cables.
The wagon is plenty big enough to haul all my stuff either for a beach visit or to a sports game. The big problem I have with this wagon is that it seems to tip over too easily. It has done so several times while my wife was pulling it and now she refuses to use it any more.
I'm not happy with this batch of boxes. I used to buy this type pf brand here on Amazon, but this last order, I noticed the material used is thinner and not strong. I used this to ship wreaths and although they are lightweight however, I need the shipping boxes to be a bit strong so it will not get smashed or ripped during shipment. Don't think this will hold up very well. Thinking of not ordering again.
arrived on time they are ok wire is a little thin. Would like to have a heaver wire.
Not as strong of a magnet. My kid can pull it off quite easily from her locker.
the seat did not fit right .
The picture and the product I received are drastically different. The picture representing this filament is a bright, shiny copper. The filament I received looked much more like a faded bronze or a slightly gold color. The filament still prints well, but the color is far from what is represented.
It cooks very fast . No complaints in this area . Can't toast the bread properly as it's good for baking only . Been using it daily for 1 month . no need for microwave if you don't use plastic containers
Product cap was loose. Although the bottle was wrapped in a plastic bag, is still leaked into the box. Had a mess to clean up... at least it was soap!
I have to spray my shoes everyday. Either this is an ok product or my feet sweat too much for this product to keep up with my foot odor.
I bought the wrong insert, not their fault.
Bought this because I have a whole family of DeWalt 20V tools. The saw itself works just fine. If you do not follow the given instructions to drain the bar/chain oil after each use you can expect the unit to leak oil which seems unique to this saw only. I have never had this problem with any of my gas saws.
cord was way to long and easy to trip on. Had to replace with shorter cord. Does not wheel anywhere easily.
I like the layout of this sign but it's not aluminum as stated (magnet sticks to it), and it is not made in the U.S.A (as indicated in the product picture). Also, don't expect it to arrive in perfect condition from China after 2+ weeks (mine was bent). I'm giving it a neutral rating because the sign will do the job but I wanted aluminum, and for 6.99 it's not worth the hassle of returning it.
A few of these arrived broken and scratched. For the price I am not going to request a return or refund. Just glad I ordered extras. They work great in the slat wall we installed.
Used with our Monoprice 3d printer, and it worked well
This product function do the trick for me. Had to by something else from a professional.
The bolts do not line up well to set the engine on and the powder coat paint was so thick that we had to get some of the the paint off for the bolts to fit correctly.
I was happy to see the items when they arrived but unhappy when I used them later after storing in my kitchen that they were warped after sitting in my cupboard. Won't buy again.
They are decent scissors, Not for heavy work. Recipients liked them. I got three different sizes in one package.
Weight sticker did not come with package. Other stickers OK.
Pretty cool charger able to change the lights to solid, chasing, flashing and all the way off. The only down fall is it seems to take longer to charge.
Magnet works fine. Just doesn't lay flat, and the ends pop up after you cut it to length.
The product came unwrapped and at least the two outer layers are torn. I am laid up right now so can not check it further or verify I got the proper length (several complaints about length incorrect).
Gets the job done.......
could be cheaper, works ok
Meh. Cheaply made but they work. One wasn't perfectly round which is a big deal with 3d printing.
not a good as other ones
This is NOT the pine sol I remember back when it first came out BUT the scent is not bad and it cleans and these jugs will last a long time
Came well packaged. But one chain was a link shorter and the length of the links vary. Still a good buy. Just needs a little work before using.
While it's sturdy metal. I thought it would be as big as a normal sign. It's much smaller.
Not what I was expecting. Missing the experiment sheet.
For the price, it is a great set. Left piece refuses to sync with the right one even after a dozen resets. Also the mic is very poor, no one could hear me talking during phone conversations. At the beginning when both pieces were synced, HiFi music sounded incredible. Bluetooth 5.0 is very stable.
Works as needed, but rattles/squeals while mower is running.
Already shown signs of wear Manufacturer needs to improve quality of the Velcro
It would have been nice to have mounting frame or bracket. Reading about the the resister was helpful.
Iroomba doesn't work
One cable was not working. Good thing is actually I only need one. So half stars seem pretty fair (too bad no option for 2.5 stars)
Nice lock, but I thought ALL locks came with two keys. I guess not.
I got these to test water I was drinking and so far everything has been between 8-9 which is concerning that it's not working right because the water in my apartment was harming my skin and hair! I will have test something that I know is acidic and see what it does!
If you're really careful with your equipment these will work, but they're very thin and the slightest bump can crack or break them. I'm not the most gentle person as I'm running between multiple fish tanks with these, but I don't see these being an issue in an organized lab setting. (they're thin though)
Just doesn't seem to help like old products used to
This helmet was very cute. But it did not fit and stay in place on the head. If you purchase look at purchasing some foam inserts so that it doesn't flip and flop around the head as they walk. The color of the shield is also difficult to see thru.
About 20% of these will tear when you put them on. For mechanic work you will find yourself with four gloves on your dominant hand because they rip if you touch something with them. The Harbor freight gloves are a better deal.
Driver made quality is fair. If you doing repair business, you need to find one of higher quality. I have to use drill to take off one screw from Macbook, which was installed one day ago by Apple staff to get the SSD unplugged.
I'm going to keep this short and sweet. The esd strap is pure trash, broke within 2 hours of work. On the other hand the magnetic tray works fine.
Some filaments can be finicky, but overall good bed adhesion.
Works as described, drill or tap cuts metal like butter. Shipped without the cap used after cutting the nozzle open. Sent a request to seller and received no reply.
Excellent except the one size fits all isn't true for skinny guys
Works effectively, wish there was an attachment for small spaces
My doll didn't come with the little blanket as pictured. For an Asian baby doll, the skin tone is too light. She is very tiny and cute though. Update: About a month later after purchasing, I finally decided that I just didn't care for the way she looked and donated her to charity.
Good but not recieved as expected. Looked like multiple packs thrown together in seperate pieces. Different appearances
Packaging looks like it was something refurbished and not new. Wrapped in cellophane and thrown in a box entirely too large for the item. Works well but needs to have a heavier base and be more balanced. Clean up is easy but needs to be stainless steel and not cheap pot metal.
They were usable but did not fit like I thought they would
The color is nice but they appear used. The scissors are pretty scratched up. Cuts ok.
First time ordering this for chapped hands. The ship date was pushed back first and when it did arrive, it had leaked and spilled over. Left me with a mess to clean.
It worked ok, but basically not real comfortable.
Product worked like it is suppose to, but just as much came out of the top of the can as went into the pump thus the 3 star rating
They're ok if you're in a pinch
Rolls on smoothly but has a super weak hold.
It is OK bag. The side tears very easily when opening the bag.
too much cheap plastic
It's a funnel... The small end is too big to fit into the transmission dipstick on a Honda accord, but that's on me.
The wire rack is not as heavy duty as I thought it would be.
Almost impossible to open
Really like this filament, it prints really well and has a nice matte finish. The problem is with the spooling. It's jut terrible. It is so crossed over itself that you cannot leave your printer unattended. The filament will get bound up and ruin your print. You have to keep turning the reel every 5 minutes to loosen it up. At least they don't try to hide how poorly their filament is spooled, they show a close up picture in their listing showing how jacked up it is.
Easy to put together and easy to use mop. I am satisfied with the way the product works on tile and hardwood floor. The fabric absorption is good and easy to wash (I prefer handwashing instead of machine wash). Like the fact that poles can be put together according to your height. Although it come comes with 4 mop clothes but I still hope I could buy more.
I used a Blazer Micro Torch for years until a seal finally gave out and would no longer hold gas. I decided to replace it with another Blazer and figured the pencil design would work out better for my use. (shrink tube automotive electrical) The flame length was so disappointing with this that I purchased a couple of the Made in China cheap torches. Starts at about 1/4" and will only increase to about 1/2". I don't dare point it downwards into my work as it would put most the heat into the torch quickly. The cheap China torches I purchased off Amazon have worked much better and both Blazer and the cheap no name I have used for over a year now with my work from the China brand. The China brand flame will start about 1/4" and increase to over 1" in length. I can hold it back from my work and see what I am doing much better than I can with the Blazer.
I like the way the earrings look but they are very heavy so they are uncomfortable to wear.
Works but doesn't work as well as I thought
They don't come with security screws. They instead come with black drywall screws.
Quality seems good and has help up nicely outside. Wish it looked more like grass.
after applying, the floor shows more dirt, have to mop more often
My 88 year old mother needed a new wheelchair so I purchased this back in December 2018. Although it's a great chair, comfortable and maneuvers extremely well, after six months my mother's caregiver noticed the seat was wearing. It's a complete loss now, which, considering the fact my mom is 120 lbs, shouldn't have happened- the seat only lasted 8 months. There's no way to replace it (seat is riveted to frame), so it's a loss. Hence 3 stars Lace
I order three packages of petri dishes. Each package of 20 petri damages came in its own box, which were contained in a single large box. The large box was not damaged whatsoever, but inside, one of the three smaller box was damaged, which means it was damaged prior to shipping. I wrote the seller explaining this fact and hoped they'd respond by offering to sent me another package free of charge; I never received a reply from them.
I really wanted the bigger sleeve type connector clips, but though i would give these a try. They move around, so on this one cable I am using it's not really helping to keep the connector i. I'm dealing with it, but should have bought the other type.
The magnets do not have as strong of a hold as the original one on my Ender 3. Be sure to check the orientation of the adhesive surface and the build surface as the magnetic pattern is linear. Even with the correct orientation it's just not as strong as the original. The build surface lifts off if I'm printing large PLA prints resulting in warped failed prints. I eventually threw this away and got the Glass plate, don't waste your money on this unless you only print with material that doesn't warp.
In terms of charging my phone, these cables work just fine. No issues. But if you're expecting to see cool lights in all conditions, expect to be disappointed. The *ONLY* time you can see the entire cable lit up and flickering is in a dark room, or at night. Anything resembling daylight or a well-lit room, you can't see the fiber optic light over 80% of the cable, only at the USB end. The lighting effect is quite dim except for in dark conditions. But if it's dark, then it DOES look pretty cool. The button that cycles through different lighting modes works fine. My scores explained: Durability: 4/5 . Didn't put 5 because honestly I haven't had them long enough to know how durable they are. Quality: 4/5. Seems to be put together fine, but I'm skeptical of how many times the control button can be used. So far works as advertised in terms of charging. Traveling: 4/5 The cable is 6' long so is that really convenient for traveling? Individual buyers should decide for themselves I guess. Overall: 3/5 stars because of just how very dim the lighting effect is in anything other than a dark room or at night.
I bought a spool back in may and I've been very happy with the quality of the prints coming off the plate but starting a couple weeks ago I started seeing it get really brittle and break after sitting more than a day or so. if you kill the roll in a month or 2 that this is great but if your an intermittent printer than maybe look for another brand.
I thought since it did data that it would work with android auto, well it doesn't so for me it's unusable. I'm a delivery driver that depends on my android auto to stay within state cell phone laws, I'm stuck using my factory cable. If you need a cable for just charging it's awesome but if your looking to use it for apple car play or android auto then stick with your original cables.
but didn't fit new phone :(
Not here yet... want to see them... tell you then.
Alright gloves, just didn't hold up as long as they should
Got nice prints with this filament just wish it would glow for longer periods of time
I used these to make light saber shots for a star wars party. These were perfect for what I needed. I had exact number of tubes to caps unlike some of the reviews. Seals tightly. The rack is not sturdy- it stays intact, but definitely tilts- was not an issue since I only needed it to hold the shots.
This was a very nice item. However, it is smaller than what I was looking for. Found one taller at Marshall's for less.
These tear so much easier than my Heavyweight gloves from HF Tools. Those are still the best I've found, but a bit pricey.
While I like these shelving units (enough to buy 3 of them), and love how easy they are to assemble (takes about 5 minutes), I have to say that the plastic is not as sturdy as I had hoped and expected. The plastic is fairly thin and without any metal rod supports underneath, and not even much plastic support on the bottom side either. I would not even think about putting even half the weight the each shelf supposedly supports unless you want the shelves to bend/curve towards the center. Still, if you put lighter things on the shelves it is decent and helped me organize our tiny detached garage better (and lay a long Thule cargo box on top as well).
All the individual battery and motors worked. I just wish there were better instructions for using all these items.
Inconsistent thickness some of the are very thin so no protection with those.
General clean up at rusty joints in ferrous metals.
Very thin you need a least 2 to dry your hands
These airlocks are functional, but they are pretty low quality. The plastic is thin and super easy to crack. I have broken 2 pressing them in to stoppers. Other than that, they work fine. I'd rather pay a few bucks more and buy better quality ones at my local Homebrew supply store.
the backer on this pad is plastic, and it really should be noted on the listing. OEM has metal because these things heat up after a while and plastic does not distribute heat at all like metal does. Bad design.
Third or fourth time I have ordered these. Very sturdy and great for packaging up sticker sets. The issue I have is that the material they use to make these seems to change every time I order them. Also the last batch the construction is different as well. I still think they are a good product, but would prefer if they didn't change something that was close to perfect.
Bought these after using the white ones, not worth the savings. Now switched back to the better quality, thicker, white ones.
Pump takes some getting used to
Great brand, great product. I use this almost everyday for work. Unfortunately it doesn't read R410A
I liked the grids, but the box it came in was so ripped and torn that the butterfly clamps were missing. Had to use zip ties to keep it together.
Great use for 4th grade science experiment
Lucky to get 10lbs in with out red handles ripping out.
It takes a long time to charge but the price is low so if you are not in a hurry it works
Breaks easily and I thought I was going to break it each time I used them.
12 dollars for 16 days of use? I thought this came with more then 1.
these are fairly strong magnets, but as other reviews state that can break pretty easy, I was needing a very strong magnet for a project that has small pint jars under a cabinet link to a piece of metal, these were almost strong enough for the job, however i found that the magnets out of old hard drives out of computers are crazy stout and used those instead. These got relegated to fridge duty and they work great for that!!!
I was thinking the boxes were going to be a little bigger. I can only get 3 vitamins into one box. I like that its 31 days. I guess its more for medication and if the pills were small then yes it would work, but I wanted it for vitamins. Basically I can get 1 mult, 1 vit C and 1 fish oil in each box. Not good enough for daily vitamins.
doesnt ball up like the flat ones.. .. not great, but ok ofr the price
Does what I need it to do.
I used it for lipid-based extraction and found that the suction power didn't match up to what was needed to withdraw all the liquid as needed. Made a mess and resulted in a reduced yield.
Fun, but a bit hard for our toddler to get the silicon pieces in
a lot stronger that I suspected. It didn't work with my project. Needed to throw away. Kinda disappointed
When I first received these glasses I was very excited the magnification was perfect for the job that I do I need Clarity and close vision. However after a couple of weeks of wearing these glasses, I tend to wear them on top of my head when I'm not using them, the left arm broke Midway down I was so disappointed because I became very fond of these glasses. Because they're so inexpensive I might just buy another pair
I would like to see this come with the shaft. The shaft gets worn out.
Perfect travel bottles for my oils. Half of the caps didn't screw on properly but the other half are fine. Super cheap price and not fantastic quality caps but they work.
This is not as effective as a spotlight style. A spotlight would concentrate the light to the specific area where you are working on. This disperses light broadly across an area, which is what is says it does.
Its a nice product however I would not list this product as having extra wide seating
The wires were in the wrong slots for what I needed, but thankfully I am handy with these kind of things and was able to remove the wires from the connectors and change them around.
It does not lock the foot into the boot. It allowed me to move my foot way to much
The product does not come with 1 kg of PLA as shown in the description. So you pay $40 more for a $26 glass plate for the bed. Otherwise, no complaints so far.
Baby is adorable but was supposed to look Hispanic so would look like our granddaughter. The doll is very dark, so dark that she looks black. Perfectly fine anyway, but should relabel as black doll.
I loved it for two weeks then the sprayer stopped spraying,it leaks in drops now,it sucks
The tools were the right size for removing oil based paint off an iron statue, but after some working, the bristles do lose their sharpness. Fortunately my drill has a reverse and was able to get more abrasive action that way.
It works fine but for what i was planning it didnt work that well. It does not stick to wood that good. The sticky side is not very sticky. It might stick to metal better.
I like the screw on tops. One of the tubes was broken though upon receipt. That being said, the shipping package needs a little improvement.
These appear to work as advertised. I wish these would shrink more than they do. If you need high shrink ratio as I do, maybe try something else. Nice case and variety of diameters.
The product itself is excellent. However shipping was horrendous. Had one container that opened and leaked all over the other containers and box.
V2 could include a power bank to atleast charge the pax for a true on the go experience. There is alot of space in there to atleast add a small battery might do that with mine.
Clean out in the bored holes could have been better.
Installed easily but only lights up if faucet is turned in maximum.
Hi! I got an e-mail from Rodney Martinez. Rodney, I put the 5 packs in my gun safe (2 in the bottom, 2 on middle shelf and 1 on top shelf) about 4 days ago and have not seen any decrease in the humidity reading in my safe. Am I doing any thing wrong? What do you think?
The work and are of sufficient quality for the price.
Once we finally got around to using them a lot were broken (the slide covers) the slide covers are so fragile you wouldn't believe... shards of glass everywhere.
OnTrac delivery threw the package on my lawn. OnTrac has done this before and has even left packages on my front sidewalk for anyone to pick up and take. Tires were delivered by OnTrac and thrown against my porch marking the paint with tread marks on our wall. Terrible delivery service.
It does not comes with the gage.
Works, but cheaply made and expensively priced. I'm sure it will break sooner rather than later. Would pay 3x as much to get one in stainless that would last forever.
Worked off and on. It was probably my equipment. Too much hassle to send back.
An item this heavy needs proper packing, because it's going to get rough treatment during shipping. Mine arrived with one bent corner on the backsplash, and the legs loose and rolling around inside the box. That might have caused the small ding in the table surface, which already shows signs of rust. We put something on it to prevent water from beading there and have crossed our fingers. We bought it to use outside in a semi-protected area, and keep it covered when not in use. The adjustable shelf is handy. It has a "front" and back, so if you're particular, be sure to look for the brand name and put it where you want it. It is a good height for working under normal conditions (food prep, etc.). However, our countertop grill is 8" tall, making the surface a little high for true comfort. The legs would be fairly easy to shorten with a metal cutting blade and a lot of elbow grease, but it would need to be done BEFORE assembly. Cut the TOPS of the legs, which fit into sleeves on the table top. Then assemble the shelf, and the adjustable feet can be leveled as necessary once you get it in place. Also, if you have a mind to put locking casters on the table, the additional height should be taken into account before assembling the table, if you want a particular working height.
Only came with 1 hose adapter. Now I'm going to hope home depot has them.
Dressier than most cargo pants. Well-made. But the two side pockets are too small. Just widen the lining, Dickies
They are very expensive compared to the generics which do virtually the same thing.
This gaff tape handles well and tears easily and cleanly. It's very sticky (if it sticks to itself, you're done, it won't come apart). But it doesn't release particularly well. Several of the spots I taped down ended up with bits of adhesive residue on them, including one audio cable that was just covered in stickiness. I was disappointed, and will likely go back to another brand next time I purchase a roll.
Not as potent as the original OdoBan... faint smell.
The hooks are simple, cheap, and easy. Perfect solution for hanging a headset, lanyard, and backpack at my new desk. Would be 5 starts if all the magnets were ACTUALLY magnets. Not worth the effort to return, now that I am using 5 of them in my new office.
cheap and worked but could have been designed for easier use
Seems to have got the attention of dog walkers
I've been using tongue scrapers/cleaners for nearly a decade. I prefer them over a tongue brush. I saw this advertised as a 3 pack and thought I would order two of the 3 packs at such a good price. They arrived today, supposed to be 6 in total, instead it was two 1 packs. Even worse, these are not the scrapers I thought they were. No need to return them, I'll put them up for backups or travel but be aware that I ordered these from Amazon, shipped by Amazon and only received 1 per order instead of the 3 it says in the description.
I bought 3 of these and only 1 had all of the parts. One was missing a leg and one was missing 4 legs and a shelf. They're nice storage, easy to assemble and sturdy. Other than the missing parts, they're great for the price.
Love the bin to make cold brew coffee but dont advertise it with a lid if it doesnt come with a lid
I'm disappointed that the solar light has not worked since the day I received this item. But it makes a beautiful candle holder.
Before shipping they need to tighten the bottle cap, there was some leakage. At least the bottle was in a plastic bag.
The bottles got some scratches which are not good for my product photography.
Received the filament and the box mentioned that it was PLA but opend to find that it was actually PETG labeled. No idea if the filament is actually PLA or PETG...
Fast, but plugging my thumb drive is a little tricky. It's better than the other brand I purchased though. Seems to be a problem with USB 3 cables and thumb drives although the thumb drives work better on other devices.
Got this for my son for his 12th birthday. The magnet is definitely very strong, however I would recommend using a different rope. We tied multiple knots and they consistently loosened. As a result, we lost the magnet on the first day of use and we are now left with a very expensive piece of rope.
They were way too soft
Very fun to play with but not powerful enough to dig holes in dirt, I'm sure it would do good with looser stuff such as sand
I got these cables in as I'd lost my original, which of course we all know buying a replacement is the best way to find something that is lost. The new cables are nice, much longer than the orig and they allow me to keep one in multiple places. One cable worked just dandy and I'm happy with that, even if it sometimes needs wiggled a bit to start charging my watch. Unfortunately I ran into that one of the cables just didn't work at all, from any connection. The problem is I found this out while I was out of town for a week and a half and it was the only cable I had with me. So, make sure to check both cables just in case.
Worked well on glasses and some jewelry. Liquid silver earrings did not come clean
Got the job done but boxes thinner and more expensive than the same size boxes that can be purchased from Home Depot.
Not as strong as other brands. Will not purchase again.
It's good for home steaming!!I wish the bowl was deeper so I wouldn't burn my buttock.
The bags are a nice weight and sturdy. There were no instructions on how to use the insert. They were hard and had to be folded in order for the cup cake to sit in the bag. This was for a wedding to take home a cupcake. Too difficult and due to space we could not pre-put them together.
Didn't work long enough
I wished the floss were stronger!!!
The pen lights are great and good quality. They feel sturdy and have a good weight to them. The scissors on the other hand are a different story. They're flimsy and stiff to use. Ended buying another pair of scissors to replace them.
5 of the 6 binders had bubbling on the covers; the thin patterned outer padded suede had pulled away or come unglued from the underlying structural material. At the price these go for that's really not acceptable.
Camera glass broke very easily.
Product is as described, however i havent tested the product yet
they do the job i guess...thou when i got them ...few were broken....not packaged very well...
Have only had since Aug and had to toss it the garbage. Stopped charging and when I looked down, the wires are sticking out, the nylon is frayed.
Despite being damaged, this item still worked as expected. This came in a bubble-wrap envelope so I'm not sure at what point the damage occurred during shipping. Fortunately I was able to bend the blades and backing plate back into a usable position.
These are very loud! If that doesnt bother you then they are okay diapers especially for the price
The bags are a nice size, they fit multiple items. The negatives are the handles, they should have been reinforced with additional plastic. I only carried the bag from my house to the driveway (25 feet) and the handle stretched. I feel like if I would've carried it a minute longer, the handle would've broken. The bag is not made for heavy items like small detergents and fabric softner bottles.
Had the same issue as another reviewer. Used it for a total of maybe 20 hours of print time? Started struggling to maintain temp. Bumped up temps and it would help for a minute or so and struggle again. Exchanging for a new one. Hopefully the next one is better.
These are more like a thinner mini-pad not the nice puffy Hospital peri-pads. The puffy style pads are more comfortable on a sensitive area. These would be fine for anything but after surgery or a delivery. I like that they don't have those wings that stick on everything but what they should.
Okay gloves. Good and soft but the fit feels awkward. Pinching pressure between the middle fingers at the knuckles. For the price they're okay gloves.
very expensive doesn't work mas well it should for the cost.
Great for what I am using them for.
Everything is pretty good with this but the image quality is not great. I had a cheaper model from another company that fell apart but had a nice clean image. This one is built better, but the image quality is not as good. I'll try and find a use for it though. It does sync with an Android phone fine.
Can't review because the nut for the back was missing making it unusable. Gave three stars because this is the fault of the supplier not the product
Strong and long brush helps to reach the top or the other side of the vehicle However the handle is a little difficult to hold
It's not great but it works. The first half after clicking on doesn't do anything and then it starts going up after that. The lowest setting could stand to be lower but it's low enough for my purpose. The max load I'm using it for is about 0.5 amps and it seems to handle that amount of power just fine. The connector it comes with was defective, positive and negative were shorted together. I just threw it out because I didn't need it, but I was using it for some testing initially and it took me a bit to figure out the reason stuff wasn't working was because of the connector being defective.
Although I plugged into a Tablet with hi-fi stereo output, I did not get the full dynamic of the audio through my amp.
the box arrived damaged and opened on top corner. Tip of wand hanging out. No damage to wand. Suggest use a sturdy packaging.
It was OK, but not great
The shelves are pretty flimsy. I had to replace them with plywood for the shelves to carry the listed loads.
Hard to put the stretch in the places where you really want them. Also no real instructions. They are ok.
its ok, but I have had a whole bunch of problems since I have gotten it. Thankfully they didn't severely harm the printing quality. UPDATE: The bed stopped heating up
The absolutely first time I used it was today, and the jaw broke. Of course I ordered it too long ago to return it to Amazon. Update: so I was too late to just return it through Amazon, but they put me in touch with the seller (Iwiss). Although the rep seemed to think it must have been something that I did, they sent me a new tool. I have used it to install two 1" clamps and it worked just fine. I think I just got a bad one and I am happy that they stand behind their product. It wasn't cheap and I expect it to last years since I'm not a plumber by trade.
Super cute but the water only trickles out. I get too impatient.
I returned this item and never got a refund
Frustratingly spent several hours trying to level the print bed but I could never get the center of the bed to level, this was when I realized the heated glass bed was warped. Unfortunately, this is a common problem with this particular printer and I was hoping to be one of the lucky ones with a functioning printer after assembly. Small prints usually turn out fine but anything with a base larger than an inch is affected by the Distortion of the bed and thus Distortion of the print layers, resulting in failed prints. Aside from the heated bed issue, the printer is built pretty well with an all metal frame. It is quite loud but for the price point it's great for what you're getting, as long as your bed is level.
It is really fuzzy when recording
I got this as a replacement for the same one, which I loved and trusted, but perhaps they've changed something or my face/head has changed; I don't know. The fit/security isn't consistent. I don't really trust that I'm getting constant protection, especially if I start sweating or am moving a lot. It can start to slide and dig into the bridge of my nose, which really hurts and leaves a mark. I verify fit using positive and negative pressure tests before using. It can sometimes be very difficult to establish proper fit/protection, and I'm not sure why. I have to constantly try many adjustments and even tried other sizes and models. Sometimes while working, I notice odors, so I don't trust the protection. I guess I'm still searching for the perfect respirator...
I like the item but was disappointed that it arrived with tears in the material.
The reviews for this product were mostly positive. Some reviews included complaints that these products were delivered covered in machine oil. As soon as I opened up the mailing packaging, I could see that the inside of the product packaging were discolored. I opened the product and fanned the blades and I could see lots of oil on several of the blades. I used a paper towel to clean the blades with one swipe per blade. You can see the oil I wiped off in the picture. If you look closely, you can also see black debris that came off of the feeler gauges. So, if you use these feeler blades as delivered, they will deliver oil and black grit to whatever you are measuring. I am not a mechanic, so I do not know if that is a problem for automotive applications. I do not believe that smearing oil and grit on non-automotive machinery is a good thing. As another reviewer did, I am going to get out my digital calipers, and verify the blade thicknesses. If they are accurate, my rating for this product may go up.
The produce is fine. The shipping took for every. Three weeks past the ship date.
Nice device but the stand sucks Needs to be on an adjustable stand
It's a little to loose even after adjusting for me and I feel it dose not stay cold for long enough. I have very big shoulders so I think it would work better with someone with smaller shoulders.
Pretty Low end stainless steel table. It's not a bargain, it's a "get what you pay for" kind of thing... maybe even get a little less than you pay for. I just needed this very specific size, otherwise I would not have rolled the dice on this one. Low finish quality, some sharp edges, bent from shipping damages, not very sturdy.
Good price and quick shipping, not as much suction as we had hoped for given the motor size
Fair price for quality. Little bulkier than what was expected. Needed for Nursing School & purchased with 2-day shipping, but shipping date kept getting delayed. Almost had to cancel. Received almost 2 weeks later than scheduled.
This is exactly what I needed
The only thing I wish these had was a spot to push the straws through.. leaving the bag open for the straw with children can get messy. Other than that.. pretty cool.
This is difficult to assemble. Even with two people. Packaging needs to be a little better. Shelf is okay once you get it assembled. I would order a little better quality next time with better assembly design. Top section to bottom section connection needs vast improvement. Price was right, Amazon got them delivered with minimal damage. Once it's in, it serves it's purpose.
I used this to raise and lower dog food bowls, fetch laundry out of the washer and dryer, pick clothes dropped on the floor, etc. Very handy
Love the pink color and the idea that it doesn't stick straight out of the bottom of my phone. But hate that while sitting on the phone stand it is lopsided and tips off the stand if not placed in it just right. Love the length in case the phone rings and I'm sitting on the other side of the sofa, plenty of length. Like it and will keep it.
Nice big bristles, and handle, but bristles fall off easily and it's not lasting as long as I was hoping for.
Most of the slides all look the same under the microscope. Very disappointing.
Does anyone know why when I turn it on it goes for a short time I mean short and then starts beeping and turns off.
Great for learning to lock pick. Great for tagging out. Not great against physical attacks add the body is plastic. Not bad against the novice lock picker.
Sure doesn't sound like the advertised 35 Watts. It will be good enough for my retro game console. Had to order a replacement as the first was damaged in transit due to poor packaging. Mine came in bubble wrap, no box whatsoever. Looks like it was crushed. Replacement came same way but was, luckily, unbroken.
did not work on my hinges which are regular hinges.
Got the book in perfect condition. However, this does not include the tabs that are included in the product title.
Picked this up because it was the cheapest, but it's noticeably less powerful than the magnasonic cleaner I replaced this with. If you dip your finger in the water when it's running, you barely feel anything, whereas with the magnasonic you feel definite and pretty powerful vibration.
I have not had a chance to observe our granddaughter use the pen which we gave her as a gift. The delivery was completed as promised on short notice for which we are grateful.
Too bulky and doesn't really help with keeping finger warm
I was excited for this broom because my mom has one similar and it does a great job cleaning up dust and hair but definitely not the same quality. The broom comes in a few pieces to be assembled and does not stay together that well. I had to use tape to reinforce the connecting pieces.
I purchased these bags for use in storing extra blankets, pillows and household items that were taking up space in my home. The bags have a very strong odor and are not suitable for 'inside/enclosed' area use. I am sensitive to strong chemical smells and found myself a little lightheaded after opening a bag, shaking it out so that I could put a blanket inside. Perhaps the manufacturer needs a footnote in the description concerning the strong odor. I would have passed on purchasing if I had known the odor of the bags was so strong. I will find a use for them in an outdoor setting (eventually) but will have to use a dust mask and gloves when handling.
Bought to use as a pad beneath a heavy object. The item was cut off a larger roll, and the edge was uneven and jagged. The last foot lengthwise was crumpled and misshaped from either storage or shipping.
Very faint smell they dont fit to well in the standard holders
These squeezers are okay for small tubes like toothpaste, but most of the tubes I have are much wider than most squeezers. I wish I could find wide one for hand creams, face cream, etc. - Gold Bond products.
returned product did not fit for what I needed it for.
The chargers didn't last very long at all. They were quite fast chargers but they weren't very durable at all.
had to put on another roll kept unrolling and sticking the printer.
Weird smell!! Not my favorite scent but I love this brand.
For the same price range, Georgia-Pacific pro brand provide better thickness. This particular brand felt a bit cheap, but still useful for office usage.
Leave red fuzzies on pretty much everything you wipe with them. Great as nearly disposable rags.
The problem is my fault. I wish I bought the same gloves I bought before. Those were powdered.
Trying to catch rats. It's been outside on the ground for three days but no rats hv gone in it. Not happy
First of all, the box is designed in such a way that once opened it's practically impossible to close again, as the bits inside block the rear which comes down inside the box. I have to imagine this was noticed, but nobody thought it important enough to address. Second, in about 20 minutes, three of the sandpaper pieces had fallen apart and one of the plastic bits you put the sandpaper on had blown its screw and gone flying across the room. I guess it wasn't very expensive, if I had to say something nice.
Not package very well arrived damaged,Is just put in a carboard box and gets damaged during shipping
did not reflect as expected.
Not too much scent, it is good for me. But not strong enough to stop sweat. However, the price is nice. I think it is ok for all seasons except summer.
It didn't seem to work as well as i thought it would. It did slow down the carpenter ants.
Warranty for 24 months. 1 cable failed at 7 months.
As a mechanic I found these gloves to be only fair in quality. Not very chemical resistant and they tear very easily, so I won't be purchasing them again.
I got a fake one like the listing says to watch out for. They yanked my first review, lets see if this ones goes through. So I gave it a better rating than it deserves.
These were nice cheap medicine style cups.
Fast shipping. A lot smaller than I expected.
Not really sure what to say, It's a large plastic syringe with long tubes. It does what it's supposed to do.
it takes little too long to read the PH. I wish it was faster. almost takes a minute to stabilize and locks with a PH with 0.01 accuracy. I needed something with 0.1 ph accuracy that could lock faster on a number. and also, I wish it would make a beep or something to know that the reading is over.
Kind of rough on the gums
it did not have the bend that the pic had. witch made it much easy to drop your tubs. the hooks should be u shaped to better grip
Similar to original product but not as sturdy. You have to be careful getting it in and out as to not bend the frame. It's easy to do.
Seems decent wrong kit for my application.
These work but you need a very steady hand or they will break, they are not labeled very clearly though which makes it hard to match tools to nozzle size.
They seem like good magnets but didn't work for my purposes. I was trying to magnetize the rabbit's food and water bowls down but he apparently has hulk like strength and was able to break a 20lb magnetic connection. Be careful when working with these are they'll snap together and catch your delicate unsuspecting skin in the way, leaving a nasty blood blister lol.
it was a little scary when i kept plugging into usb ports and the ports would die on my htpc running linux but once i enabled gnome disks suspend on this device my usb ports are all working again and have been for at least a month
The fit is too tight
Good product but no comfortable to use...
I uses these items for painting with alcohol ink on 1 1/2 inch or smaller glass cabochons. They work well for this use my only complaint is that the fluff falls off after a few strokes and can get stuck in my painting.
Uncomfortable to wear and didn't hold down my hammer toe like I thought it would. Obviously I probably need to get surgery!
I wish the manufacturer would make this product more the consistency of say Play Dough instead of very thick peanut butter. It was very, very difficult to work with. Once you do get it looking okay, it does dry well, but getting it smooth is no easy feat.
Amazing product but the bottles I ordered arrived scuffed up and dirty. They looked like they had been stored in somebody's garage.
Some of the papers worked but did not last very long. Not sure if I received a bad batch but still a lot cheaper than at the auto part stores.
Although the sign does the trick, it's much smaller than I expected.
Not bad, but no my favorite at this point. Many seemed pretty dry. I bought some others that were more moist (they were also name brands). If the price is right get this knowing you have to use it quickly after opening. I've only found one that was adequate, but this and the Nikon brand I would say are on the same level.
Paper was dry and cracked easily
Leaves streaks and takes more than 3-4 coats to cover. Once we put down the coats though it had a nice finish.
it didn't get my rings as clean as I'm used to them getting. I will just pay a little extra next time and get the cleaner I'm used to.
I like the product. Don't like the fact that I was shorted a nut.
Hard to see, weak light, and not easy to clear it up
It works for the most part on my OnePlus 7 Pro. Only thing that sucks is when it's charging, you can hear white noise. Not horrible, but annoying nonetheless. Works well as just a USB C to 3.5mm adapter though.
Had a broken bottle out of the four I purchased
They work, but I should have paid attention as they took Too long time for shipping.
On off switch a real pain in the butt to operate. Spend so much time trying to turn on and off, that I don't even use it!
I've ordered this product a few times now & while I was originally pleased, I feel as if the quality has gone downhill. The sticks seem to be getting thinner & snap in half with little effort.
It was for my mom, but the size is a little tight
Managed to pull 100 channels in Miami area with el cheapo amplifier I bought at Walmart. Included, indoor amplifier was useless. Never got to adjust gain using an Allen wrench.
Loose fitting had to modify.
Iv had cheaper gloves that didn't rip as easy, but these are alright
Very flimsy cheap thin plastic shell. The back cap covers the battery which can be easily knocked off. It works accordingly but I feel like it will break in my hands any day now. I'd look for something that had a better built quality than this item.
I've been using 3d solutech filaments since building my printer about 2 years ago. Generally they work well, but my current roll of black has clogged several 0.4mm nozzles, it also has a twist to it that causes me to have to rotate the roll occasionally. Having to replace/unclog the nozzle is extremely frustrating. I'm considering switching to another brand if this continues.
The product is cool but definitely not worth the price. Also, the mat was a lot smaller than what I thought I was paying for.
Just received the item. It says 45 pans but i only got 40.
Completely different from the picture! Very disappointed that the color is not the same as the one I ordered
Not great. Got the mixed berry flavor, has a bad aftertaste. My first thought was well water. Do not recommend this flavor. Haven't tried the others.
I knew this was going to be small but wow it was even smaller than I expected. Seems like a good product for a small pocket knife and would not recommend it for anything bigger. Also use a honing oil as it does seem to get particles stuck inside the stone.
I love the boxes but I didn't get what I paid for. It was supposed to get 5 of each size . The size 8 was missing 1 box and the size 10 was also missing 1 box also.
They're not well built. As you can see, the cubes literally are not cubic. They're glued improperly, so they're all wonky. They're cheap, and they work, but they don't look good and I don't want this being the first impression my customer has of my product.
Bought these to help with water coming j to the basement when we had very heavy rain. Didn't keep all the water out but reduced it by about 75 percent. Makes the clean up easier. The little pads can be wrung out and reused more than once.
It works fairly quickly, but the drains clogs up again like the next day. Very temporary solution.
works as described. only thing I didn't like was after tapping for the second gas block dimple the point got flat. I didn't hit hard so maybe I got a soft point one. over all good product. nice and easy to use. the little point could be a little longer so it would be easy to pull out.
thumbs do not hold up putting in drywall screws wore out in one day
I like the rubber coated gloves, however, the small size purchased fits as a medium, which in my case are too big. It is difficult for me to find small size work gloves, so I have to settle for medium sizes. As a package handler, it is important to have gloves that fit well not only to handle packages but to operate computer devices as well. Disappointed.
Not a normal comb size but it worked for our homeless bags
So overpriced, why?!
it's brittle and at my settings with CR-10S it would print in patches. I'll assume it may need some temperature tweaking so that's why i'm giving it 3 stars. if I find the correct settings and am able to correct the poor flow issue i'll come back and give this a better review, Until then i'd stay away from this filament xD
Worked for most part.
Not as good quality as I expected
Not as nice as the ones at the army surplus will never buy again
Last order I purchased Pacific blue c -folds. They were thicker, absorbed better and were $8.00 cheaper than these Scott towels. Needless to say I will not be getting these again !
Keeps breaking while printing I've used other color filaments from this manufacturer and they worked great. I probably just got a bad one.
...it didn't work out for me. Had a hard time getting it to cure, it is very thin and runny, and the color (in my case, white) is very weak.
At first the package came with variety sizes which is good, and for the price I have no complain. Then when I tried to used on my speaker cable, some tubes shrunk well, but some didn't. Especially the big black tube, they didn't shrink at all, the red were good. My cable are 16 gauge, and I found I have no use for all the small tubes, so before you bought it, make sure you have to use all the size, some is really small. I will order only one size that I use most, it would be safe money for you.
Some corners broken off of slide, but to be expected when they are handled in the mail
Doesn't put out that much air flow. Very expensive. Bought because supposedly handles warm environments but this is never confirmed such as in a specifications table. So far fine, but have to wonder when the weather warms will it die just like my prior fan costing 1/5 as much did. For my use would prefer an on-off switch. The switch it has doesn't have any way for it not to shut off if bumped (I taped the switch hoping this will avoid such a self turning off).
I had to remove falling out bristles from surface I was painting. They applied paint smoothly.
This product seems to be just what I needed. Love the look and quality. However, I had a problem with the packaging and there seems to be no obvious way to send feedback. Therefore, three stars.
Light weight nice power but not super strong.
These work for flushing a luer end catheter for my son, but are too small for the oral medicine top.
I didn't know a regular roll was so small! The toilet paper itself is fine but the rolls are weirdly small. Guess i am used to seeing double size rolls as regular rolls.
Product arrived but package was badly damaged. It appears to be in tact , fingers crossed.
Very hard to apply. Gave us a run for our money to try to adhere to sidelight windows. Was a pain in the tail.
Printer was very finicky about what sd card it would read, until finally it stopped reading any card. After that it was time to either replace it or get a different one. I will give it another try before completely giving up on it.
Not the highest quality product I've ever seen, but it does the job just fine.
We just hatched our first set of chicks. Out of 8, 6 made it. One stopped developing I'm thinking around two weeks and one chick died after pipping. I would have lost two others but I could tell they where stressed so I helped them hatch. My problem with this incubator is one 1) you can't see the humidity rate in it. There is no humility monitor built in. 2) it's very hard to see inside. You have about and inch on the sides but when chicks start to hatch the sides fog up. I wish the top where clear so you could see better. I personally would not buy again. Actually I did not order this one my husband did.
I haven't tried it, but I'm very disappointed that I received a tube that expires in 3 months. I won't buy any product from Amazon with an expiration date again!
Used this in combination with soaking the decanter and/or thermos in vinegar overnight. the beads help but are removing water spots or coffee stains in stainless steel
Im always yanking my head because my controller cant go very far
Product works well, drys fairly quickly with minimal smudges. Have used for several months Would buy again for very reasonable price
The length of the holder is too long but I was afraid of that when I ordered it, I was please with how quickly the card holder arrived.
A bit more frayed than pictured
costs more but works
A good fit but very very loud. I will be looking to find a quieter replacement.
The roll kept falling out every time I rolled out a sheet. Had to return
Ok for the first spray then clog. After resting good for another spray.
Not nearly as powerful as I was led to believe by the description.
Only a couple minor things keep this from being 5 starts at the moment. Assembly instructions aren't the greatest but they can be followed. There was a very small ding in the heating plate. I can tape over that like they suggest in the instructions. Would rather have one that doesn't have a ding. Probably contact support and see if they can replace it. The big thing that irked me a bit was the power cord. it is barely long enough to come out from underneath the frame. I'll have to buy a bit longer one later. Suggest a 6ft power cord instead of 1ft. I haven't had a chance to use the software yet.
There are certain types of duct tape, this one is not as sticky as I had hoped. I only used it once.
does not work as well as Filtrate filters
This is a very heavy table and will serve its purpose. But I'm unhappy that a product that is so heavy was shipped in a box rather than a crate or a heavier cardboard. The box was destroyed and the table came dented. Now my new island already looks used. ;(
This worked, but it was slightly off in length so my headphones were never really fixed properly and ended up breaking again not long after the repair. I trust I did the process properly because I've repaired tons of electronics with very specific instructions and details. I think it's an ok product but it was just a bandaid fix.
The headline clearly states this is a dustpan and the picture shows only a dustpan -- bur I missed that so I'm giving a heads up to other people who may order this, expecting a broom and dustpan set. Otherwise it seems sturdy, if a bit heavy.
Tested this out on several items at home before heading out. This will pick up a battery, but not an empty stainless steel water bottle. Not very strong. I can pull it off the fridge without too much effort. Great for light duty, but I'd recommend stronger for magnet fishing.
Looks good,- installed by professional but the water pressure is low and the most disappointing is the two functions spray head : stream and sweep.however the sweep does not lock in place, The moment you let go - it switches back to stream. Not what I expected from this manufacturer at this price point.
The box was smashed and open.
This was a little smaller than i expected and will not work for what I originally wanted, but I'll find another use. It looks exactly like the picture and I like it.
extremely thin product
DO NOT STAY ON AND TOO BULKY
good tools easy to use as well as the app. range sucks.
Not happy. My wire is too big for the m4 and too small for the m5 and you can't smash these with pliers to hold the wire in place.
NOT 1" diameter poles as stated in manufacturer's response to questions. It comes with 3/4" poles and non-standard threads on feet. Not what I was lead to believe I was buying. However, it's still an attractive unit, and I especially appreciate the all white look with the white clips. I just wish the description had been more specific and accurate because I would not have purchased it.
1st one I bought failed in 4 months. Trying another one and hoping for the best!
I used to use this product years ago and it would easily remove all oil stains. It seems the formula has changed. Likely due to environmental enforcement. I respect that but this is not the product I knew and loved. Used to but it at Costco
I did not have 100 tops nor cups
The top piece will not stay screwed in and it is smaller than I imagined it to be.
Love the power of the machine, the weight and the longer cord. Suction is great for dog hair and dirt on bare floors. Crevasse tool is great for getting into small spaces. I have 2 older models ( 20 years ) that are heavier and still working. Hope this newer version lasts as long. Slight problem is the shorter dog hair sticks out of the cloth bag and is harder to clean out. I like the cloth bag because it is more environmentally friendly,
They are smaller than I thought they would be, but this is only my first time buying boxes. I got the 2" x 3" x 4" ones. They're a bit hard to assemble but I'm learning. Great for smaller packages and parts.
Nice product, nice price. We will use them for craft projects.
Great size. Durable and easy to clean. Fits in the kitchen without taking up a lot of space. I just wish it came with a lid.
Product received was as ordered. Shipping was delayed beyond original quote, however ordered product is a spare replacement, so no negative impact.
great for the price.
First used this as a sampler from a recent hospital visit. Really like the smell of it and glad it's not greasy!
500+ TDS before installing the APEC water system.We primarily use it to test the performance of our under sink RO filter.
I bought these bottles to use for homemade kombucha. They work great and I actually like the smaller 8 oz sizes. The tops are sometimes very hard to unscrew, which I suppose can be a good thing.
It's a g2 belt, and it's good quality. Works great in my 3d printer, with lots to spare. Why are you smelling it?
if I gave a 5star this would be one but nothing is perfect-lol
Haven't used yet but seem perfect for indoor dodgeball
Item is the perfect size for both my 3 year old and for my 10 month old. However, for my 10 month old, they were a bit too tight for my comfort level, to keep them on her head, as my 3 year old said they were tight on him...prior to me adjusting to make them bigger. The pressure still made me nervous for my baby girl. Noise level, my 3yo said he couldn't hear me and I was talking pretty loud. The only reason I returned them is because I ordered them in the green, expecting a mint color and they came in a grassy green color.
These work, definitely cut down on how many horse flies are terrorizing us at the pool. Keep in ind their instructions, have it somewhat away from the main area, as they STINK. They're supposed to (supposed ot smell like decomposing animal - lovely I know but we're talking flies here). Downwind if possible. BUT... regardless, it does work (there are still a couple of horse flies here and there but not to the extent there had been)
I finally got rid of the mice in my warehouse with this ultrasonic item. Great
It is flux, and it works. Could warrant 5 stars, but I am so green at soldering that I don't have a large bank of experience to compare it with other products.
Works well to hold 9 oz cups for the players on my soccer team.
I liked that it felt well made.easy to use.
Only thing with the cord, is they don't stay put in the phone . They come out Easily. the leds light are great to watch n the length is great.
i just received it. i will comment in detail when i start using it in a clinical setting
heavy, good home plate
This is a very decent set of taps for the price. They are not made to the tightest possible tolerances but work well enough for my purposes being used for low stress joining of pla plastic parts. I bought a different set from a different seller, for more money and they arrived loose in a ziploc, this set came in a nice case.
Seems to work fine. Cant rotate sensor or switch temperature reading to F however
Great product and price
Did exactly as they are supposed to.
Just took a few minutes to set up and has pretty decent pic. Very clear and nice adjustable led. Actually works better than the Depstech wired one. App is easy to navigate.
I was looking forward to this magnet set. I was surprised to find out they required assembly. It's simple enough to put together, it's only 3 pieces, but it took unexpected time and didn't include any instructions. My set was missing a washer which took my count to 9 magnets
I had hoped to achieve a lighter color but I have grown to like the color and am satisfied with the finished product.
Works good but tube doesn't go very far. Ok for the price. A larger jug would be better and transfer to a small soap pump dispencer.
What can I say about having to give yourself injections.
I have had it a few months now no issues. The price is right. It is better than I expected based on some reviews
I had to return this micrometer because it was broken. Other than that I would been satisfied with it.
When the deer started munching on my rose bush leaves at night, we ordered this fence. We were given a date, but that order was at first delayed, then it was canceled. I waited a couple of weeks and ordered again; this time it came as promised. The picture looked as though the fence was painted, or at least a primer coat. It was not painted at all. It was cost effective and does the job of deterring the deer.
I use these mop heads two times a week for my floors and they do a decent job.
Unit works great! Unit is a bit too hard to close for proper seal(lid takes more pressure than is comfortable for older folks with arthritis).
It's what the product advertised.
It does not fit perfectly
As in, you cant even hope to pull them apart by hand. But I used mine as a door latch for a sliding barn door and they great. Snap tight shut and takes but a small tug to slide the door open.
Lots of great bones and skulls! However, we did find a live maggot 😬 Kids loved what they found!
This is a great little printer if you get a good one or can figure out little problems. On arrival mine wouldn't home, investigation found tie wraps inside on the bed heater tied to other wires so the bed couldn't travel far enough to home. Also the hot end arrived plugged and I had to dis-assemble to clear. After that it has worked pretty flawlessly for the first three prints..
It was very easy to use
I was impressed that I could purchase this in a large qty and have it delivered to me so quickly. Already made several batches of bath bombs and they fizz perfectly. I was surprised however when the bucket arrived not in a box. No cracks and the seal wasn't broken. Thank goodness.
Gave one star. Only one pen works. Waiting to see if issue resolved. Update: Few days later received email saying would refund half of money.
I use these in an automotive shop in Maine where we constantly have air hammers and impacts banging around. They are an ear saver and comfortable for the most part. Nothing fancy about them but they work for me.
Very long for residential use. Better suited or commercial use.
The bearing kit worked well but the dust caps did not fit so I reused the old ones. The cotter keys were a bit long but usable.
This was a gift for a medical student just beginning a surgical rotation. The kit is great! It was difficult to access the e-book. I had to convert it to a word document and I noticed there were some typos in it (nothing major!). Suturing is definitely challenging, and perhaps if a video were included with the e-book that would be helpful. But there is always YouTube. All of that said, the equipment is great, and it's a great starter kit! Would recommend.
Small, easy to handle. Down side is wishing they were sharper.
Use this with my mom who has fragile skin that tear open. Great to protect and heal. Only thing is price, but it is a great product
Comfortable fit. They fit ok with over the ear hearing protection. The main drawback is the neck cord that comes off a little too easily. You really have to jam them on far.
Looking good so far but only had hard rain a couple of times since I installed it.
Only reason I don't give them a higher rating is that I can't find the mix ratio.
Magnets work just fine, strong enough to hold up some laminated sheets. My only complaint is that if I drop them they're hard to see.
I just got done installing the safety plunger in my G19 Gen 4 , WOW !! What a difference, all that grittiness is gone and I paired it with a flat face Agency Arms Trigger , I recommend this product all day long, happy shooting
This was the perfect size box for my vintage tissue box cover. Dislike how hard it is to get out the first bunch of tissues.
My kids live in a town that does not regulate their water system pressure, and its to high for many water heaters, so I installed this unit to fix their problem. Worked great. I did have some thread sealing issues with either the regulator FM threads or the Sharkbite fitting threads not sealing, I ended up soldering them to stop them from leaking.
Said it fit Case, ya after I redrilled brackets
Sound quality is quite good and the app easy to connect. The unit is bulky which is more of an issue now with patients having multiple layers of clothing. Overall satisfying to use after I got used to it. I liked my Littman electronic scope as well but they are more expensive and fail after a few years.
Careful to watch if it comes with adhesive or not. This particular one does not come with adhesive.
Work very well. Although the dropper's are made out of glass as well, and they seem to break fairly easily, which is why a star was knocked off.
looks good well built , will get back with how i like it latter.
Great product but a little tough to use and please read the size because these things are huge!
Very good quality sign. It was nice that the hole are pre-drilled. One set came with the bolts but the other did not. Working on getting that fixed.
Items came but the filter was wrong size. Not sure that's the sellers fault or mine, but I have to but the right one from Lowe's. All other items was good.
Phone cord - worked as expected
Great size, and fits on the first shelf in our fridge. My only complaints are 1) the lid leaks if I shake it or tip it sideways and 2) the nozzle is plastic, as most are - but it feels cheap and may break. The jar is such a great size and quality though, that I plan on purchasing a stainless steel spout for it.
It came with the wrong mask
easy to use and a good price
I haven't used them yet.
Unfortunately, I probably won't use it. We clean our desk with a power sprayer. I bought it thinking it would be good for cleaning a tiled shower. I think it's much too big for that. But I like the way it's made, with very stiff, albeit long, bristles, the wood block, and two threaded holes. Looks like a well made product.
have not used as yet
It's an Aux chord. Not much to review. They worked and nice color.
If you get it stuck on a car door- good luck getting it off. At the same time it doesn't work well from shore, bridges and piers are great though.
My son purchased a photo pillow for my daughter and I wanted to keep it looking new and still be able to see the actual pillow Unfortunately the plastic isn't clear enough for that which I get if it were thinner plastic the quality wouldn't be great. That's why I'm giving 4 stars because the quality is great for what it supposed to do, protect.
I purchased this box to house some controls associated with my hydroponic systems. It has a solid hinged cover and the metal is a heavy gauge. It has worked well for me... Overall, I am happy with my purchase...
I purchased this to use with a metal cutting bandsaw. It is easy to assemble and adjust. The only issue I had is that it was too tall. After removing a little piece of tubing, it works perfectly.
Great beginner kit comes with everything you will need to get started
Strong magnet it decided it wanted my knife more than I do , only down side is the thread lock spilled throughout the packaging so everything is sticky
Pros: Nice little portable kit Has plastic cover attached to the side to keep the tool from hitting each other Metal seems to be decent quality Cons: Red fabric is a little low quality A little cramped in the case
needed and shipped quick
Unlike other breadboards the left and right sides of the power/ground strips are not connected. You have to jump left and right and top and bottom. Not a deal breaker and probably a good idea anyway but a little irritating at first
FYI, the stardust white has a confetti print on it. I thought it was just white :(
Good tester but as others have said, the lights are somewhat dim.
Very complete set. I was surprised at how many I reveived. Good quality and quantity for price and prompt delivery of 4th of July week
These magnets seem to be strong enough, but goodness are they fragile. It was completely my mistake, but I wasn't holding the magnet in my hand firmly enough and when it got close to the other it snapped out of my hands hitting the other and breaking one of the 2 in half. The magnet still works, it's just broken in 2 and sharp now. I haven't attempted to use them for my project yet, this was merely a quick review after getting them today. I will update this after my project is complete.
great for the price.
Product arrived and was as shown on web. Heavy duty rubbermaid. The wheels look like they are just black plastic but do have a hard black rubber surface for tread. Only one downside..........in a few years I will have to go to home depot and put better quality rubber wheels on. Over all I am pleased with this product for the price.
Well made, the rail is straight and the glides work smoothly. The only downside is if you have to remove a glide from the rail the ball-bearings may slip out. But, the glides are better made than some similar ones that I have tried.
Nice replacement for my ancient test leads, they feel good in the hand and have a very low internal resistance. One problem however is the fragility of the lead tips, they are super fragile, no wonder they include a small package of replacements with the leads. The threads will snap at the drop of a hat and if they snap while inside of the probe handles, there's no good way to extract them for replacement... kind a a bad design point but all in all, pretty good leads for the money. The gripper leads are just that, separate gripper leads that have nothing to do with the primary lead assemblies.
I posted a question about these: Do these come with t-nuts? One person said, no, just the casters. Another said the nuts come with them. Both, oddly, are true statements. After drilling out the holes in the furniture, a t-nut that has 3 or 4 prongs is hammered flush into the end of the furniture leg, and then one screws the stem into both the threaded t-nut AND the drilled hole in the furniture leg. These casters do NOT have t-nuts. They do have nuts attached, presumably to tighten the caster once screwed into the leg. T-nuts provide a layer of integrity to each leg so the casters don't chew up the wood inside the leg with repeated movement. Ergo, I will be buying the t-nuts to prolong the life of the legs of the side table I am putting these casters on. Casters are the right size and made well enough for my purposes. Would have been helpful to know I needed t-nuts for best assembly and casters not falling off soon. Should have that info. in the Amazon explanation. Image of pronged t-nut attached.
Didn't have size I needed but made it work
did not receive on scheduled ship date.
Small but spoon is actually deep enough for soups, etc
Easy to build with basic instructions. Feels sturdy enough. Can handle 80lbs + no problem
The system fits, the cords fit- can't ask for much more. The price is reasonable, especially since they throw in the much needed controller cord extenders. It's a super convenient size, and if you manage to get your hands on a SNES classic, you definitely should invest in this.
Would purchase from this seller again. Will in the future.
The product was very nice, but I had hoped to get something deeper. Sorry the depth wasn't part of the description, just the capacity which must have been to the very top.
Very useful, handy cleaning parts
It does not have that awesome smell like it usually does. Still gets things clean.
Not bad. Doesn't seem to charge as fast as charger that came with phone but not enough where it makes alot of difference
Damn good .., it sticks just fine and looks good
Loved it!! It was perfect for my brisket! Will definitely need more in the future!
Good value. Didn't work my needs
Exactly what I needed to display my cards. There are a few chips on the paint but nothing major that can't be covered up. The assembly was very simple
I bought these to add to my first aid kit in my truck, as a sportsman and hunter I often find myself far from help. Being able to do some basic sutures could definitely come in handy. You only need to put a few in a kit and the rest you keep for refills or make kits for your family and friends.
my husband wanted a food grade stainless steel bucket to haul water in winter camp. I believe this is what he wanted
This does exactly what it is supposed to do. It's plastic, as are many products these days. I have no problems with it, yet, but since it's plastic, I cannot see this lasting forever like old metal tools used to. Also, it would be nice if it was designed with a cutout / opening so the measurement could be read from both sides.
Nice syringe. Exactly as it have to be. tubing i long. I even cut it a bit to make it smaller. The only thing tubing walls a bit to narrow. So it is holding itself on syringe only by inner part. And could be screwed into. Which may be required for more penetrating liquids then mineral oil.
I used to use a standard square gate before I got this, and my inputs have been much more consistent as a result of the switch. Overall a good restrictor plate and easy to mod into your arcade stick
Performs its function - sometimes I don't like the feel of certain foods, ie, starchy pasta or slimy chicken. Does an adequate job allowing me to handle food while preparing meals. (Probably like most other vinly gloves) ... it is difficult to slip your hand in the glove when your hands are wet.
Kinda dinky, wasn't impressed on first inspection. My advice is just use real change in teaching. If they are just for your kids to play with then they are fine.
It is a little bit smaller than I thought it would be, the size of a fat marker, but it works great, and it is just what I needed. It arrived on time, and just as described.
Legs are a little too flimsy. Ok for lighweight people/children.
Great product. Would be better if counter sunk on each side.
i wish i could glide them around
Good price n comparison to Kline
A high-quality product that produces excellent prints.
I like these little cutters alot, I bought 2 pair, one to go savage mode with the other is exclusively used to save my life by flush cutting zipties
Works great so far. Durable, should come with a magnetic strap though.
Really interesting filament changes colors throughout the spool. Also noticed that an ornament I printed that was left in sunlight changed color on one side over time. This might be a con to some folks, however I found it very interesting/appealing.
I have been doing signs for two years and the last one I bought was so sticky that would take the vinyl back off but l'm very pleased with this one would buy again.
Nicely made machine with great print results. Very easy setup and calibrations. Screen looks and works great. Software and user interface are splendid. Here is why I give it 4/5 stars: It is a bit annoying to have to remove the cover instead of it hinging back. Resin fumes build up inside chamber and rapidly release when opened, making the process a bit unpleasant. Cover starting to develop signs of stress marks on surface. These are very visible. I will keep working with it and will update review as/if needed.
I love these. It's just that they're slightly darker in real life. It doesn't change my love for them, I just might have chosen a different pattern.
Seller: I need 40 sets (160 units) 1) any price break for large order? 2) Would prefer tan or white color if possible? 3) Do you have straight wheel with no swivel
Buttons are a little difficult in their responding when they are pushed.
this is just what I was looking for and it work. The price was good and shipping was quick.
Place 3 in the wide track of my triple sliders and they are substantial in blocking out the wind sound that comes through the small drain holes at bottom track, like a door draft would do.
The pink is perfect, just pink enough to be notable but not to stand out (not that I'd mind but its work) the fit is exact. I did need to add cushion as the boots are a little hard. Once I did that they are pefect. No more sore feet and issues working in a wearhouse all day.
I love the size. Only problem is the cover for the battery doesnt stay closed
The bottle is nice and solid, good to blocking light out. Good price and prompt shipment. The sprayer, however, seems a bit flimsy and is uncomfortable if you're doing more than a few sprays at a time.
I paid $36 on Amazon. I bought the same item at Home Depot last Friday for $23.
They work well. I would buy them again.
Exactly what my hubby needed and wanted. He is happy!
Works as stated. Would be nice if it had a LED on it to remind you it was on at a glance and I wished it sinched a bit tighter on the bucket. It isn't a snug fit considering 5 gal buckets are all about the same size. Expensive too.
Arrived just before my husband's birthday so I didn't have time to return it. It arrived in a cracked box and the cloth was stained. We cleaned the instrument and it seems to be accurate and consistent.
The strippers were covered in some kind of dirty grease (on the handles too). Once they were cleaned up the worked beautifully.
These are the cutest infusers. Very easy to use, and work well so far. Hooray for bright things!
I like this product and it holds a lite AR15 on the wall just fine, however my other gun seemed too heavy for the mount as it seemed to sag and droop a bit due to its heavy barrel. Also this is not designed to really work on a wall with lath and plaster or stucco!
Kind of expensive for boxes but they are good quality and shipped faster than expected. There aren't a lot of options in this size, I recommend these!
Recieved but was damaged
I ordered this for my 2year old nephew that's about to start head start soon and he loves it.
I needed extra plates and soup bowls for a big holiday dinner and these were perfect. Well packaged. I had no issues with the color. Worked perfectly for my needs. Fit great in my cabinets. Washed well in the dishwasher. I may get another set
I like that the grease is clear. But it does not seem as greasy as the previous black grease I have used in the past.
Fairly easy assembly and works great.
Wish it was a little brighter but it is useful.
These are too small to trap large mice (or rats).
Bob like product what was what Bob ordered. Bob like product gets here quick.
Leaks from the clips, needs extra ones
Wheels/Valve for air compressor are my favorite features. I am a senior female. The wheels are essential. I cannot carry the unit around the yard. It works great for me. The air valve is equally as nice. I have a small 3 lb compressor that brings the pressure in the sprayer to 45 very quickly. Really saves a lot of time and effort pumping the pressure up!! The cap on the tank was almost impossible to loosen the first time I used the sprayer. I sprayed the threads on the tank with Wd-40, made sure it coated the area of the threads and removed the excess with paper towels. Loosening the cap is now not a problem. I am now very happy with the sprayer.
Not the exact one as used in the Apple store but appears decent. Haven't gotten round to using it yet
Great handle, 4 stars because it took nearly a month to arrive. Should have read they were coming direct from China.
I bought this as a cheap option to keep in my car. Everything seems fine but I don't have any other experience as far a source tenkara fishing goes. My 11 year old was able to use it at the local park and catch a fish. The only downside is the cap that holds in the extendable section comes out pretty easy and the rod had a terrible paint thinner/permanent marker type smell.
The instructions are not clear as to indicate that the shelves only go on properly in one orientation (and what that orientation is) Cannot find extra parts to make it taller. Other than that, great solid build and easy installation. Only one in this size I could find.
flow of marker can be streaky, its not like a maker more like a paint brush. may need to go over it twice to get darker full color. dry's hard
I've used this filament for about a month now and once dialed in it produces some great results!!!! I'm very new to 3D printing so having a filament I can count on is vital.
These are comparable to norwex and work great.
I like that they are made from recycled paper but I dont like that they are individually wrapped in plastic film. I will not reorder. again due to low absorbancy and especially the individually wraped towels in plastic film.
Arrived quick and was a perfect fit!
Works as promissed Easy to install, if you have proper tools
Works fine with Alexa, as advertised. Yellow and green hues rather weak and difficult to distinguish from one another. White nice and bright.
good quality product but bulky
I purchased to include in an IFAK to carry when I'm out with my toddler... hopefully, I won't have any need to use it any time soon .
Little finicky but a great solution to a real problem. I power mine with a separate PSU to further circumvent the finicky 8bit boards and their issues.
fit nice in the purse. nice for emergency.
I got this for my kid's middle school science project which she needs to show magnification on some small insect. And it works well! The 800x power magnification really show lots of details. The only complaint I would say is that there is no included documentation. Which was a bit annoying for me.
Works as it should no problems.
You get what you order. The LCD Module is in good condition, even though it had some tiny scratches on the screen, but they are not that noticeable. They do not include the pins, so if you plan to buy this module, make sure you have them prior receiving the screen. Other than such, the screen is great for projects and would recommend buying if you're willing to wait a while for it to arrive, but get it at a fair price.
Just like the phone company uses. Work well. Just need to be aware and not press the red button when pushing the wires in. Just too bad I had to buy so many at one time when I needed only a few. Seems same cost for quantity versus a few.
Simple design and worked as expected
the motor esc combo work very well.
Arrived in perfect condition. Have not tried the droppers, they are so small it's just as easy to leave them out. My daughter loves them empty to use for her American Girl Dolls.
Better than expected
Works great and I'm still learning how to clean my griddle.
Like individual wrapped. Would like to find a little larger. Great value.
It is a great product when you can't bath.
Takes a little while to get used to it, but very good product.
These look good. As expected.
Just what I needed to finish a PVC playhouse for my grandkids. I did not use in a plumbing installation, used as a structural component. Seems well made, and fit perfectly.
This flux is extremely effective, if a bit messy. I've used it for SMD work and for removing excess solder using copper wick. It leaves a lot of sticky residue for a "no-clean" flux. It won't mess anything up electronically if left on the board, but I'd recommend cleaning it anyways.
Good quality bags, exactly as shown. A little smaller than expected but I may have missed than in description. Very fast shipping.
It worked perfectly for wrapping dishes for moving
I'm giving them 4 stars just because they don't hold 18 pounds. Can hold 3 pounds. That being said they are MUCH stronger than the ceramic magnets. I bought these for the office so people can put things up on the cubicle walls. Our cubicles have a thin layer of glue and fabric over the metal so I need something better than a fridge magnet to hold things up. These work really well. We can have a few sheets of paper or a calendar hanging up using these.
They are very good but will snap.
This was pretty much as expected. It works well enough for what I need (power a hot wire foam cutter) and the instructions are relatively clear. I didn't like that it requires you to jump it manually to adjust some of the settings, so I knocked it down a star, but that is really the only bad thing I can say about it.
I like the texture that the gloves have, aids in gripping items. The only complaint is the edge of the gloves rip rather easy. They rip while taken them out of the box and putting them on, however they don't inhibit the use of the gloves overall.
I have been using this toothpaste for almost 2 weeks now and will say I do see a difference in the whiteness of my teeth. The taste is great that was what worried me the most if it was going to taste bad, so I was happy about that. The thing that impressed me the most is how clean my teeth felt! I definitely would say if you want to use a toothpaste to whiten your teeth try this one. It isn't as fast as they say, but I have seen a bigger difference in this toothpaste than others I have tried.
I've had this for about 2 years and have loved it. Lately I've had issues with the Velcro staying closed. I'm in the process of replacing the Velcro with 3M plastic fasteners that look like Velcro. Just trying the fasteners at home, it seems like it would be the perfect closure device for this thing since other reviews say magnets won't work well.
I got this PETG because it was cheep and thought I would try it out. so far I have not had a good result yet. if it was a simple print with straight edges and didnt need support of any kind it would probably be ok. but it doesnt bridge very good at all across supports and is very messy. I even had one print fail due to the mess of trying to bridge across supports and leaving blobs. I have been printing with other brands of PETG with little to no problems. at this point I will probably go back to what has been working. UPDATE!!! I have messed around with this filament a bit more and have gotten better results. if I continue to get the quality of prints I am currently getting I think I would come back and buy more at this price. at the moment I'm running it at 240 on the hot end with 75 on the bed. I am also running 100% fan. even with the fan I seem to get really nice and strong prints but still have some problems with very fine detail as I get stringing. also my bridging problem seems to be allot better with the fan on. I upped the rating from 1 star to 4 as I am still seeing little problems here and there with prints that I try to fix. I have used a couple of the 5 different colors now and they seem to print the same so that is good. overall once I messed around with settings some and figured out how this likes to print its been doing well for me.
Great scale, everything was level and up to code to get certified. Came with the completely wrong charging cord. Doesn't even come close to fitting this scale.
Perfect sizes and good quality
Good quality PLA and it works really well on my machine I have printed several things (using about half of the roll) big and small and it's worked well for everything.
not as pleased... wrinkles easily..
Bought for a friend, he built a constant current power supply for a 1.5 watt laser. I grabbed several to use with my arduino. Great so far
worked as expected, but there are no holders for the cable as pictured, instead there are two provided zip ties which work fine. No included punchdown tool, but a screwdriver will do for a one-off install.
The unit is very simple and easy to use. One disclaimer that I have is make sure your video driver is up-to-date and set to a high enough resolution so that your computer will work with this.
These require that you add your own lead wires; they don't have a square pin on the back like some others.
I'll have to admit that it works fine although I don't like all the news about it causing cancer.
Good little sheath, fits on a belt, and the only issue I have is it fits my craftsman axe too snug for a draw.
Great product using it at work to keep my coffee warm Does the job and looks cute
I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars. The print is great. Cardboard is sturdy and quality. Overall design in function is wonderful (its an open box with a full slide cover jacket. My only complaint is that the inside box is WAY to tight for the jacket. It takes a lot of force to fit it in and almost feels like I'm going to break it. Jackets need to be ever so slightly bigger and this would be perfect. 4 stars because of all around quality and I plan on purchasing more.
for me the quality was very clear no problems on the camera. i don't recommend turning the led all the way up because it gets hot super fast. have it about at medium and you should be able to see fine
These were perfect size to go inside the ACE bandage I was wearing. The sleeve kept it from direct skin contact but allowed the cold through. These were somewhat difficult to activate but this prevented accidentally breaking the inner bubble.
Definitely a solid kit for the price. Generic Uno clone which works. Lots of jumper cables although more M/M would be useful than all the M/F that arrived. Also only two potentiometers, would've liked more of those. Plenty of sensors and tutorials, and appreciate the included libraries with examples. Would be helpful to have more exercises or some quizzes to reinforce concepts, but hey that's what the internet is for.
Nice. Heavier than I thought
Product worked perfectly for hanging things on office partition walls
good for replacement but last a month before it breaks but still good quality
An electrician by trade and occasionally have to drill numerous holes in one go. This has easily prevented my hole saws from as early as they would have without the tap magic. very smokey though, but thats normal
Sorry I am the purchaser and not the end user. I did ask the end user and received positive feed back on the quality and strength
I bought this camera to try to inspect a bathtub drain. The image was crisp and clear until it got into standing water. Even with the LEDs at full brightness, it still will not penetrate even clean water enough to give you a clear picture of what is in there. I also suspect that since the camera was starting into the trap, that the length of the camera head could not make the bend and was too close to the sidewall of the trap to get a clear image. However, for $40, this is an excellent camera. I can think of many other great uses for it where it would perform spectacularly.
Love this mini keyboard. Very useful. I've been able to use it with my phone, smart TV, xbox one, Dell laptop, a tablet. This thing is great. However I will say that the touch pad mouse has a rough texture making it very difficult to move it around while dragging something or just to swipe across page or scroll with. Everything else is pretty spot on.
These are so easy to use and put together for favors. But you have to be careful with them or they will crack.
I've gone through 12 different brands looking for decent black nitrile gloves on amazon. Most had some kind of nasty residue, or were stored improperly and breaking down. Relative to its competitors on this site, these gloves are 5 stars, and if I continue to use them merrily I will increase my rating. There are better gloves in the world, and these cannot easily be drawn out of the box without grabbing too many, but the price is very fair and it's a good product. 8/10 will buy again
Work great! Thank you.
I bought a large and found it to be a little too tight. I guess if you have a larger face, you will probably want an X-Large. This one fits much better. I like the looks, as well.
With Solutech some colors work great and some colors are very brittle like in th case of lime green color.
Very sharp but I had a very hard time getting the blade on securely. Also wish they made a lid for storing it.
I've always used the brain in ear thermometers as they are the most reliable for my family. After 4 years (and many drops from my kids) my last one finally started giving very inconsistent reads, so I purchased this one to replace. The age feature is nice if your kids are young enough, but both of mine are over 3 so that function is obsolete now. Still works great, but I wish I would've just gotten the thermometer without the age button as it takes several extra seconds to go through that setting. Anyone with a sick kid knows that time is of the essence and they have zero patience.... So I don't love that. BUT if you have kids under two I would definitely get this one as the age feature is really handy for the young ones. While a tad annoying, I really like the disposable covers. They keep it nice and clean so you don't have to waste your time cleaning the earwax off.
Good price and right size for my storage needs.
I don't weld much any more just needed head protection.work very good for hat and I wash with my regular clothes and seem to come out fine. very durable
I bought this item for my daughter and she loved it.
The magnificent is very insignificant but the product is good
I loved these rings. I ordered each few for mothers day gifts. Lasted several months, then tarnished and rusted. I guess if you don't wear them daily, and in water, they will last longer. I threw mines away the other day.
Great glasses. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is they still fog up but not nearly as bad as others I've owned.
Well I had a big deal job I purchased this for and it came without the nozzle. I had to improvise but it was messy. I am familiar with 4200 so I knew it would work. This is a great deal compared with buying this at West Marine.
Order received--necessary for my BLS training-thank you
Tried them all , these are much better than depends and others.
Good as I have found and better then the vast majority
Much better than the blade that came with my Echo edger.
I LOVE the bedrail, but the storage pouch ripped off the rail after using it for only 2 weeks. The rail still works perfectly, so 4 stars.
Seems to work well. Maybe a little flimsy and not super accurate. But good enough.
Really love the colour. Sound quality is amazing. Actually seems like I'm using a littmann.
I am currently using this for iPad, iPhone mostly for charging with an adaptor. Pros: 1. The cable is nylon-braided so it looks and feels strong. 2. The price point is also very good for the quality of the product. 3. Free add-on to repair your old lighting cable is a plus. Cons: 1. Price point can be more affordable since these are needed more than 1 at home..
Cardboard holder is junk, but the tubes themselves arrived in perfect shape
It's decent for getting practice with different suture techniques but it's not at all like real skin. The gel base in my kit tore easily when the needle would be passed through but I think you can still get the jist of suturing, it just doesn't resemble human skin if that's what you're hoping for.
Worked great for the basement hooking up some old Systems.
Came earlier than I thought. I used it for my eye contacts. No reaction and i was able to go through customs on my way to Italy
Loved the size of these bread baskets good looking and perfect ,can be used it for decorative purpose also received compliment from my friends .
Last year and the year before with all the wild fires in N. California, it was impossible to get these masks with the filters, everyone was sold out. This year I am ready for what may come (hoping no big fires).
I'm sure it works great
They say it works on everything. I don't know about that. But the cure time is 24 hours. That makes it strong product.
Unfortunately, I had to have some welding done. The dolly was not packaged very well and one of the brackets was broken during shipment. Didn't have time to send it back.
Good product and very quick delivery
One of them failed after a week of use, in leaving a message on my phone: doesn't recognize the power source!! The other one works perfectly for the moment.
Learning curve, takes time to figure out. Manual is basic and had to look up information online. Works great. 4 stars are because of the learning curve.
Ok, I've had this less than a week but it's really fun to sit on and bouncy. It is also good and solid/stable for workouts. Parts included allow it to be inflated with a bike pump.
The relief is temporary, it's like anesthesia.
Not the worlds best quality but for the price I am satisfied
Works real good for the price. Does what it is supposed to do.
These are bright and very good dishes. The only thing stopping him in getting a perfect score is it they are not microwavable.
The set itself is nice. The pieces are a nice size and thick material. My 3 year old daughter hasn't shown much interest in it yet, even though she loves puzzles and can spell a couple of words. I'm still hopeful the set will get more use as she gets older.
The bags are plenty strong for things heavier than kitchen trash, I keep mist in the garage and a few in the house. I can fit 3 to 4 13 gal kitchen bags in one when I want to compact things. The only issue I have with them is the smell. They stink.
What the description did not say is that the lens is plastic instead of glass and since I use this as a meat thermometer I am worried it will melt--a glass lens would make it more durable. probably OK if used in a cool environment but not around a stove or barbecue
handy to have save on spillage
These really work and they did exactly what I hoped they'd do--made my little girl happy! Now, she can insist her father and I need to have check-ups, and she can doctor us to her heart's content.
Bags received in a timely manner. They are very durable and sturdy. I should have ordered a larger bag. Other than that it worked well.
You get what you pay for, it's a basic cheap spinner. We bought it for a baby shower but never used.
I had hip replacement surgery and needed this for washing my lower legs and feet. Works fine.
This is a nice little unit for the money. I would have rated it 5 stars except some of the buffer standard salts were leaking
Took some time to put it together, get it dialed in with the settings, and find a decent program to print with but I'm up and running great now!
The nozzle is to big for any liquid with the consistency of water. It needs to be about half it's size!
Comes with extra battery
Box arrived nicely packed with assortment of tubing. I would have desired 1/16 size rather than 1/2 for smaller projects. Good product. I would buy again.
Good fit, only time will tell if they last as long (18 years)as the original insert
Love the paper wish they sold just one kind instead of the four different kinds
Works as it described. I am very pleased
works well but had some problems with the printer I haven't from other brands
These bags are a bit too small at the top for my trash can but fit by stretching a bit. I have a weird size trash can. These bags seem to be sturdy enough for most types of trash, and the price is very good.
Works exactly as expected.
Worked for their purpose! Came quick and I damaged. Obviously not super cute looking while wearing, but probably all eclipse glasses are clunky, plus you get what you pa for.
Perfect for my application
Great product and it looks good, I'm not sure if it works better than a standard E3D v6 for most of the printing that I do. The only reason I give it 4 stars is the price
Works like it's supposed to, you just have to flip the tool over and pinch a second time for a good crimp.
They worked great for our model homes
A little bit thicker than expected but still works really well!
I was looking for a gluten free fairly natural facial sunscreen to wear everyday. This one works well. It rubs in pretty easily and you can put makeup over it after about a minute of drying. I have had no adverse reactions. I did not realize this order was for two tubes but it is good for a while so I am stocked up. Good price. I have used other alba sunscreens in the past and was happy with those as well. They rub in pretty well. Even the chemical free ones.
just what I needed for my chairs as my dogs love sitting on them
Seemed to help attract mice to bait. The "good stuff" is now illegal and ridiculously expensive on the secondary market. Putting this on it did attract them.
Ordered for my wood splitter have not installed it yet but appears to rugged
These bags were durable and very great quality
It has very small size and this is one of the brand that i like. Nice!
Love that they are compact, yet bright. Four light options and magnet are great features
Bought these because price was so good and they work just fine. The plastic roller ball is hard to pop in sometimes, but it does go in. I like the ones with the metal balls better, but for the price these were just fine.
Can't wait to use these in the field
Working well so far. No screws. Would be mounted from underneath, total height is about half an inch.
Works good so far only 1 small problem it's doesn't come with a charging dock
Wish it came with a lid.
Does what it says. Somewhat awkward to use, but maybe it's due to me still learning.
Nice fabric. Left a lot of blue fuzz on my floors with first use. I'd suggest washing before using.
Item arrived broken (stems). Amazon gave me a refund. Glasses looked nice shiny rims and clear glasses.
Works but came with an odd stain on the interior. Had to clean it more than usual.
kids power wheels works again! these things take abuse with toddlers pounding the little pedal switch like its on fire haha
This seems like a decent, quality breadboard. The connectors go in easily but feel snug. Having the smaller boards are a nice complement to the two larger ones. No complaints so far.
I like it works for what I need it for
Fyi, heat will reduce strength. Don't put it on your grills heat box.
Delivered on time and was as described. Satisfied customer.
did not like loose fit at phone end, drops out easily.
Worked well enough for a hobby machinist
Thought the padding would be a little better in the middle. But otherwise it's nice for the price.
Very simple and does what I need it to. Using it as an extension for a headphone cable coming from my TV. The fit is snug and depending on the jack your plugging in, you may have to fiddle with it in order to get left and right channels to come through clearly. I am using a headset with a mic on it so that may cause the poles not to line up perfectly without a slight adjustment occasionally. When properly lined up, sound comes through clear and with no sound loss.
These were good blades to replace the worn out ones.
I like it. It is what it says it is
Works better than the other brand.
Bought this for blow worms for fishing,does the job.
I would give these peltors a 5 if the charge lasted more that the 3 hours they gave me during the gun match today. Great fit and worked as advertised only problem is I had to switch to earmuffs after 3 hours. Excellent product otherwise.
Stands up to use from kids/grandkids using them
I had a magnetic light bar on the roof of my car for work. I had four 95 lb magnets on it. I could go 80 mph on the highway and it would stay put. That is until a huge dust devil appeared out of no where and sucked it off the roof and destroyed it. I bought a new light bar and put these 200 lb magnets on it. I don't really feel a difference between the 95 lb and 200 lb when I take off the bar. That tells me these are 100 lb magnets each for a total of 200 lbs of pull. Kind of a misleading description. They stick well and cost the same as the 95 pounders I had, but I was hoping they were 200 lb each. Good enough for 80 mph. I just need to find a radar detector for dust devils now.
It's just a cheap cord it works what I need it for
Feels cheap but it gets the job done if you only need it a few times a year.
I started with too fine of a bead, then I switched to this, worked great for removing old finishes.
This product is not 30" tall as it says, it's 27 or 28" which can make a difference when you're measuring things and being very precise. They're very sturdy and have worked well for what we bought them for. Just be warned not 30" tall.
The tubing fits great, the only difference is the tubing is longer than the original tubing.
Somewhat thin for packing
This LCD Laser Infrared Digital Temperature Gun is a most have in your tool box. Great when working with sauteing or similar hot surfaces and projects. I ended up playing with this like a toy. It's simple to use and very accurate. It will require a couple AAA batteries and it's play time. It's very affordable for the quality and features it has.
These sensors are a fraction of the price, compared to US made sensors and yet they are as accurate and functional as the expensive ones. I bought several of these for an IOT project and they work as expected. Note, however, this sensor is the 5v version, it does have a voltage regulator, so you can use it with 3.3v volt. A dedicated 3.3v version of this exists (the board looks different. It has 2 holes instead of one) that cannot be used on 5v powered Arduinos.
Can't give 5 stars for that. Adequate product so far.
Not as powerful as we expected.
No need for the meter with the BT dongle. Would not have pulled the wire & mounted meter if I had known how well the BT worked.
The glass is thinner than I would have liked, but it is very cute and is a great gift.
The G does not ring as well as the the rest of the forks. But works for what I needed it for. Good price. I have not checked the pitch.
Its got just about everything you would every need. I wish the case was larger, so it would be easier to find everything.
Great brushes but my pack only came with 10 brushes, not 12 which was disappointing, otherwise I'd give all 5 stars.
I do paint pouring and so price is very definitely a priority, however, this technique requires a lot of mixing and I found some of these paints to be very dense and difficult to mix. One was the consistency of cottage cheese and took endless mixing. Still, with patience, they are quite lovely in the end.
individually bag packaged. promptly shipped, as described.
Purchase these magnets and so far love it thank you.
Met all my expectations but the shipping was expensive. I think I could have gotten it locally at Home Depot or Lowes and saved some money. that's why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars.
I haven't really had much time to evaluate their usefulness. It takes a little time to get used to using them. I'm sure that this summer I will use them alot .
Good quality gloves. Medium size seemed kind of small for me.
Bought it for my dad, he loves it
I have used this adapter cable on both Windows 7 and Windows 10 and it works fine under both systems. Windows picked up the device on both systems, I did not need to use the included CD to load the drivers. The build quality of the cable seems good and the plastic used for the connectors is solid. My only problem with this adapter is the COM port number change each time to attach the USB port to the PC. The serial plugs have little numbered labels on them, but those don't help since the COM port numbers seem to be assigned randomly to each connector. I don't find it a hard problem to work around. I just run puTTY on each port to see which ones are talking. This works fine for my purposes, but it would be nice if the COM ports were consistent.
Im still new to 3d printing and was looking for some less expensive filament to mess around and learn with. This filament works perfectly for what i was trying to do
After a little learning curve, the product does work as described.
This is a conventional PLA in clear color. It is generic and adhere ok. The reason I bought it is because of the cost. Otherwise it is reasonably ok as far as built goes.
As advertised. Packed well.
I really like this product. I've had one before but it got replaced with something I hated. I work in media and it is quite efficient. I did notice the volume levels are really low but got an engineer to help with that. I'm missing the mic piece. Wasn't included which is disappointing.
It has a very strong smell, but for the most part, works! Nice that it doesn't have deet, but still be careful around your face/eyes and apply generously.
A label on one side of the box reads one color(this is the one reported by amazon), and manufacture label on other side of box states actual color. Likely a labeling mistake on warehouse store's part as the manufacture's label is correct.
This was exactly what i needed to stop people from stealing water from the hose outside my house. I do wish there was on made of stronger plastic or metal but this does the job. Someone would have to Want to break it to get to the hose nozzle.
Good for young kids. As an experienced user, do not use the longer magnification with this toy. If you aren't care you can break the stand.
The first shipment was just a empty box but they made good on the second shipment.
I used this paste to repair the window defroster cable that detached from the rear window of my Jeep. The key to using this product is preparation since the potting time is really short so you must prepare the surface correctly. I taped off my Jeep window and left out the area where the cable make the contact. I mixed the epoxy thoroughly as in the instruction and squeezed out onto a cardboard. I used wooden coffee stirrer and applied the epoxy paste on the glass, taped defroster cable to the window and secured for 24 hours with tape. The defroster worked again afterward. My only criticism is the epoxy will get brittle with time. Mine lasted for about just over two years and the cracks in the epoxy created too high resistance for the defroster to work efficiently. I am ordering this product again to repair the cracked epoxy. This is why I only give it four stars.
Good quality, as expected. Use as spare so in storage for now.
Happy to say that I haven't seen any signs of roach's since I have mounted it for a month.
Very sturdy and comfortable. Lightweight and easy to remove.
The clip snapped in half relatively soon, other than that it's a good pen light. Customer service is great, they reached out to me after reading my review and sent me a replacement (2 pen lights, one bright LED and one softer yellow). Thanks!
Just fine. Good price!
Very effective. My disappointment is when my product arrived the Medline label was spread across the information label which was completely covered.
I would like them exactly 6 inches long
I liked the scale and its portability - I gave one to my mother who travels often. It is useful and great to take with you on the trip - small and light enough to slip into any bag. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the way the scale is designed makes it somewhat difficult to weigh heavy bags. I can pick up a 30 lb suitcase no problem but weighing a 30 lb suitcase with this is more difficult and causes more strain than I expected. That is more an issue with the design of this type of product than this specific product itself.
Yes, pretty good value for your money. Very strong thin magnets. So strong that the force of the magnets actually broke each other on one occasion. If you use these I would highly recommend to try and ease them together the best that you can so they don't crack or break (a few have shown to be brittle). I recommend these for items you would to stick with very strong magnets but used on something you don't use all the time. If you want hourly usage out of these to where you are taking them apart and putting them back together then I recommend looking for something different. If you are trying to save money but still have strong magnets and you will use these on a weekly or monthly basis then I can recommend these for you.
Knee pad is hard but easy to move around
Purchased as spare parts for my 3D printer. Looks like it should work well.
Cable worked fine and cable quality felt thin / cheap so hopefully will last long but who knows. However it works!
Taping down cables on carpeted stage. Should have gotten the 3” wide. Good value for the cost.
Really like the way the shell looks on the controller. Each design is great and it's smooth to the touch.
Hat is a bit large and has to be taken in more than expected on the tab. Also expected it was crushable style like the other John Deere one i have, it is not. Love the color and design though.
now all i have to do is teach dog owners how to read.
Looks good. Haven't used yet.
They hold very well. Don't have to change them often.
I love love love my TENS unit!! I have spine problems which leads to muscle and nerve pain. This does a great job of soothing them/distracting me from them. My husband likes to use it on sore muscles or when his lower back aches. It is a great product. I do wish the pads stayed stickier for longer, however, there is always a chance that it was user error and not faulty pads.
Works but the bolts can easily break so be careful screwing the in the wall.
They work fine. Some USB cables don't fit quite well with these adapters because the "snapping" or "clicking" point on these are about 1-2mm too deep. Otherwise they work perfectly.
My sensory child hates flavored toothpaste. This really has zero flavor and smell. It foams up a tiny bit, if this is an issue, so I had to run the toothpaste under a little water for my kid.
Well so far so good. Won't be sure until I open the case I put them in to keep collectibles dry. Will update in a few months.
This thing is awesome light weight and is very easy to use all my friends want to borrow it when we go rockhounding
Its not as accurate as I had hoped but still acceptable for an IR. Seems well made and has good features.
I love these things they are pretty rough though the really not for fine finishing or polishing but doing an excellent job in smooth meaning coin ring ages
It's looks perfect in my laundry room. Only reason I gave it a four is I had to purchase hardware at local home improvement store to hang it.
Yes, they were Brass, they were both flat and round, they had the correct size hole in the center. There washers as advertised.
the attachment on the very end of the dust pan isn't very secure and will slide off.
This worked great for changing the oil in my mower!
Very nice scope. Works great with my Galaxy S8, however don't bother with the app in its instructions. OTG View works well with it and is small and ad-free.
This is the only gold PLA that I have been able to find that is at all shiny. I think it looks quite nice and will be my go-to gold until something better comes along. No problems printing it. Just used my regular PLA settings.
Easy to make and easy to use. We bought this for my daughter's science experiment and it worked well for our project. We had bacteria growth within a day.
Beware! These magnets are really powerful and stick together! I had a lot of trouble pulling them apart and one broke in half while doing it. They are working to hold my ceiling vent covers in my basement from falling down.
Ink markings come off easily even with hand washing other wise great product.
Pretty good and does the job but still a bit big to put in your pocket. The additional stackers add a lot of volume and comfortable.
Used this to put eyelets in for some curtains, that I then hung from shower curtain rings. The pliers are really easy to use, don't require much force. I had a learning curve for working with eyelets, but it turned out that when I was done with the curtains, I had two eyelets left over.
Good sign. I love it .Good quality. It would be helpful if it came with something to make it stay standing in my front yard. Will recommend for others to buy.
It makes no sense why the lid for a recycling bin costs more than the can. However, This one works great, I don't want an opening that bugs can get in so the one's with a round hole or slot were out. This one hinges and is easy to open and close. Why isn't it five stars? Why can't this be available in Blue?
Not bad. It is not top of the line..works though
I wish they were a little thicker, but hopefully they send the message I'm trying to send.
This mirror has an all-metal frame and handle. it's heavy and very sturdy. it's also about 5mm smaller than I expected. Depending on your needs, it might be too small. I do like it though and will use it.
This Kleenex dispenser work great and looks nice. The paper hand towels are great and I use it in the bathroom for guests. I would recommend.
This stuff. I want to hate it, since it's not the best as far as it's use of concerning ingredients, but it is literally the only lotion that has helped my cracked, dry hands. It's got such a runny consistency you wouldn't think it would moisturize well, but it's truly amazing, and soaks in so fast! Which is great, since I play a stringed instrument and can't have my hands all greasy and gunked up when I play. I have to forgive it's healthy ingredient shortcomings since it helps my hands so much. And the smell is very light and fresh, which is a huge plus for me, also.
There was a bit of ghost paint from the stenciling but the sign is sturdy. Also the color in the photo makes it look blue, but it is green.
Found it perfect for making & tracing patterns, but not as easy to use on a dress form.
Seems to work pretty well
Mine was green a little smaller than I expected but I love it!
Works well, not to loud
I have purchased and acquired many products for and through Amazon. All of which have been as described and advertised. Each purchase if for pleasure or for projects have successfully met my quality expectations and goals. I plan to use this service again for each new item I may need first.
They are good and affordable gloves, they arent stacked in a way for you to be able to take one or two out at a time so my box ripped, but the gloves stick and work great for what i needed them for since nitrile ones rip with my hands
We feed several cats using these kinds of small plates. They are a bit flimsy and food left on them will seep through, but great for our use
I was going to use this to laminate small slabs of Corian together to make a block I could turn on the lathe. I needed something that had a long dry time so I could assemble the layers and get clamps on it before it dried. This stuff is so thick though, that when I use it there are noticable gaps between the layers. I wanted the block to be seamless. I also used almost an entire package on a small block. I figured I should be able to do 3 or 4 blocks with one package. I'm sure this stuff works well for other applications, but I'll have to go find a different product for my use...
Outside plastics look cheaply made
Cute and sturdy. Would buy again
On the lock it says digital- and I'm not really sure why because it's not. Also, it doesn't matter what order you put the code in as long as it's the right numbers so not as secure as I originally hoped. However, it does fit nicely on my slider and is nice to not have to dig for keys. The lock also feels strong. We still use it and love it anyways.
The price was right, however this hose is stiffer than I expected. When it is cold, it really doesn't uncoil as others that I have had. I had to let it hang over a 10' ladder for a week to get all of the coils out. Probably won't buy this again. The upside is that it does look and feel heavy duty, so it will probably last a long time before the inevitable rub through from the pressure washer vibrations.
This device gets the job done well, but after you babysit it and making sure it doesn't overheat your mixture once started. It tends to overshoot when first starting it up, however I have a fan on standby to cool it down once it does. After the temperature stabilizes, then you can leave it do it's own thing. It may be noted that the temperature rod hangs almost touching the bottom of the plate. I've lifted it up just so it won't interfere with my 60ml mixes. The instructions are a little bit difficult to understand, but it's not too difficult to operate the device.
Very pleased with purchase & quick delivery!
I give these out to all my cpr students. Perfect size for the keychain!
Perfect, I have no complaints.
Worked as expected I have no complaints. The PLA comes well packed, melts and adheres well to the plate. Will buy again.
They work great. I'm hard on my cords but these have lasted.
As advertised excellent product and fast shipping
A key on my laptop keyboard was no longer functional and after trying (and failing) to get it to work, I decided to get a wireless keyboard to use with it while at my desk. Of course, not a long term solution but a necessary and immediate one. This keyboard is great. It connects very quickly to my computer, stays charged for days of full use, and is small, lightweight, but also the size of a standard keyboard for a 15" laptop. It seems well made, is reasonably stylish, and holds up to me transporting it to and from my office daily. For the price, you can't beat this keyboard!
The real deal, I always have a spare in the garage. The most common item in a house AC to go.
First time I used it all of the water in the drain flowed out. Love it.
Great for oils or Great for DIY alcohol ink making
My husband uses for post total knee replacement therapy. He loves it
This ashtray is beautiful and had held up with no rust in the rain and wind outside.
The data line quality is good, the screen is very clear, the design is very easy to clean up
Finally connected. Crappy wireless service and a crappy USB plugin antenna. LAN works so well and I am sooooo happy with this cable.
Great product for the money. Super flat and the packaging was good too. Shipping took a few days but that's expected when It weighs 40 pounds.
Fit perfectly works as expected
This is an awesome idea! It comes in VERY handy when out and about to charge my phone. I love that I don't have to put a cord in my purse and worry about it getting tangled up anymore. I love that I can wear it as a bracelet, it looks awesome! Genius idea! I am very very happy with this purchase... You won't be disappointed!
I hate rust. This is my go to item to stop it.
Great product from a trusted brand. WD 40 strikes again!
great product and super easy to integrate. quality is amazing (cd included wouldn't load on my linux machine but a trip to elegoo.com fixed that ). u won't regret the purchase.
We bought these to throw throughout our corvette when we stored it and they worked great!
Fast shipment and products as expected
The guys loved them! They were so happy to have their names on them. Only one of them came with lowercase letters. It wasn't a big deal but wish they wouldn't have capitalized the first name to match the others
Our students in our chemistry class were having a hard time setting up alcohol burners. Our teacher decided to purchase this instead and they are fabulous, easy to control flame, reliable and durable metal. I highly recommended.Great product!
Fixed my son's headphones in 10 minutes. Use the screws supplied
Easy to use, cheap, multipurpose light. I ordered it to light up paper lanterns for a film production and this product worked great. It was an additional bonus to learn it can also used as regular light bulbs in the house as they charge. This saves alot on electricity and in times of black out.
Good value for the cost.
great product, great service
Style and size are great
Works well. Almost too well. My first few PLA prints stuck so well I needed to hammer the taping knife under them to break the seal. I needed to increase the first layer height to reduce the grip.
needed these they work fine
Works great, and at a great price! Very happy!!!
Like the size works great for large orders I use for hot only
So excited to find this microwave. I was replacing a built in microwave and this was the closest to the correct size. Works great, zero problems so far.
It do what it does and it does it well
Perfect for our use: my husband's hurt foot and our dogs hurt foot. They stretch easily and stick to itself very well. These should last while but would reorder. I would guess Kids would love the colors.
I needed to glue a knife handle onto a hidden tang knife, and at first I tried 5 minute epoxy. It got crooked and I couldn't straighten it and ended up having to yank the blade out at the last minute. I cleaned it all up and looked for 30 minute epoxy. This was the only one I could find, but it works great, you get a ton of glue for the price, the tensile strength is very high, and best of all, you get a lot of time to make adjustments to your work before it gets.
I needed a chuck for my 1/2 hand drill and could only find it on Amazon at the right price. Fits my drill perfectly and works great.
Very impressed with accuracy.
Resolution is pretty well, focus is great, LED's are dimmable,This device was SUPER easy to install using my smart phone as the monitor. Download the endoscope app, plug the camera cable and your ready to go.
Very smooth and heavy, reminiscent of good quality.
Filters for all air returns! Easy to find your sizes. Bought enough for 6 months! Came in quick and all in one box!!
Easy to install and just what I needed for a tight space. I have a very narrow laundry room. The way it's designed made it easy for me to adapt it to align the dryer opening to the wall opening. Very pleased with this purchase.
Product worked well!
this was just like OEM fit perfect and worked properly..
I liked this because I got the yellow replacement springs along with some other bits that could someday need replacing, like a limiter switch.
Just used them to install hardwood floor across a 3000 square foot house. Saved my knees and I am a big guy! Not only that some staples and nails on the floor and these stopped them from going into my body. I didnt even realize it happened until I took them off when I was done for the day. Very impressed
Finally a charger cord that doesn't wear out at the connection so that wires are exposed! Love it!
I bought a pack since my daughter has big cavities and were waiting for our app to get them filled, I've been keeping them clean by flossing, picking and spraying everything I can out of them. The stream seems to be strong enough for our temporary purpose and I like having back ups to keep in her travel bag and future use.
Everything as advertised
Love this thing, it is a ton of fun and works perfect.
My daughter loves science, and she absolutely loves dissecting these owl pellets to see what bones she will find!
They worked great for what I needed then for.
Great product, perfect as described
My family is all trying to do our part in limiting the plastic in the world. I gave this as a gift to my niece and she has taken them everywhere. Easy to use and clean. The silicone tips help protect your teeth and offer a way to recognize whose is whose.
Perfect for what I plan to use them for. Filling with hot chocolate powder and confections for Christmas gifts.
Delivery on time! No issues.
Works great! Love that this is way more efficient than running window units and a heck of a lot quieter
The 2nd adapter I ordered was the wrong size which the company promptly replaced with the correct one. Good product and good service
Perfect size party kit! I was able to tie dye 19 child size t-shirts.
Great system for soldering projects.
Great butcher paper. Put it in a dispenser and you are good to go. The 18" is a good width.
I'm completely satisfied. The phone charger is better than I expected.
Product is what was expected. That is a good thing these days!
After all the holidays and gatherings.. With all the kids take turns going crazy to play with my 3D pen... I realized I need to get some refills again (my last pack was ordered less than a month ago). Product arrived on time and well-packaged. Colors are beautiful... I love the lime green and the blues! Works with my pen without any problem. Good deal.
Haven't used all of them but so far all OK!!
High Quality and a great price
Used these for a fundraiser I was hosting. They worked exactly as expected and hope they continue to hold up as we use them over time.
WHAT CAN I SAY BUT LOVE SIMPLE GREEN! I HAVE PETS AND MYSELF HAVE ASTHMA AND PERFECTLY SAFE TO USE MYSELF AND AROUND MY PETS. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Arrived with no dents, or damage. Easy to put together. Extremely pleased
My favorite clear glasses - use them for so many different purposes.
Just what I need for a computer connection.
Very pleased with product. Delivered quickly.
Im not mr joe pro 3d printer and Im relatively new to it. But I also have 3 different printers and I, like most, want the most VALUE for my dollar. I really like this PLA. Not only do they have a good product that prints very nice, they go the extra and include a bed adhesive sticker with every purchase. So when my bed sticker wears out or when I accidentally home incorrectly and singe a huge hole in it, I have a replacement. They also include a bed ruler thing thats handy. I think its actually a bed level gauge. Even the spools have little helpful things like markers so you know much much you have left at different periods. I know it may not be much to you. I do have to use higher temps for my applications but thats with all of my PLA and its due to environment, etc. etc. I like these guys/gals.
comfortable holding feeling, very clear adjustable reading window. The Teflon Coating make it looks new longer and last longer. I use it a lot of times for brewing different kinds of beer and cider. Great refractometer and great price!
Very functional and does the job.
Very Happy with my purchase. Thanks.
Just what I needed, worked great on my G35.
A less expensive way to hang my copper pots and pans. I just couldn't see spending a ton of money to hang my copper pots and pans and these black hooks look awesome in my kitchen!
Fabulous magnets! Sleek design and surprisingly strong! Highly recommend.
Good quality and would recommend to anyone
These clamps are easy to use as they need no tools. You just stretch them around the vent hose and they stay on from tension. Hopefully, they will stay on for a long time. Time will tell!
This is great for when I want to go out and I don't want to wear a bag. Also good to help train your bladder to hold more.
This mineral oil works really well on my butcher block I recommend it for anybody
best addition to my model-making tool box in quite a while.
Well, I received my package and I used it helped me a lot because I lost my ring in the sink, with the next hook can see my ring and pick it up. very good .
Really like how well it's made and having the stop sign shape really draws your eyes to it.
I used the casters on a work table they work great!
Nice product as described.
Bought these for filling in my 1 and 3 year olds Easter baskets. They did the trick and the kids had fun playing with them afterwards. Only downside is that I wish they were bigger.
My cpac stays sealed better with them. People have told me some have a sent. Theses don't have a scent.
I wish I had these years ago, I used to struggle with tacos. Not anymore.
Arrived as stated! Fast service!
Fits great. Looks great. Is very soft to the touch.
Easy to hook up seems to work well will see over time if it helps my daughters allergies
Really useful and arrived quickly. Will definitely be buying from this seller again!
If you brew kombucha, get these. Always have a gallon brewing while you enjoy the other gallon (or brew two batches at once). Solid, quality jars that are best hand-washed.
works really good nice product
They are just what i need and work well and are very adjustable
Changed my review to 5 stars. I had a problem, turned out to be my printer. Coincidence that it happened right when I changed spools. Jeez.
Very professional sign. Good quality and good price.
I used to secure a gate in my corral. I couldn't use a traditional clasp because the gate closed into a tight spot. So, I drilled this magnet into my wooden post so that the metal gate locks onto it. I was worried that it wouldn't be strong enough to keep the sheep in, but not a problem. The only problem is now that my wife and daughter cannot get in to feed them. It takes a good tug to open it. To me, this was a perfect solution to my problem. For my wife and daughter, they think it is ridiculously too strong.
So far so good! I'll post a full review with pictures when my project is finished.
I haven't hung mine so I don't know about the suction/holder, but the squeegee itself is very well made and works like a charm. Very impressed and would purchase again.
Awesome product!! Work as intended.
Like these very much! Was having trouble with silicon seal on full-face CPAP mask drying out with sink washing w/ mild soapy lukewarm water. With these, cushions lasting twice as long as before. HIGHLY recommend.
I cut the 12" square sheet into a few smaller pieces to fill in some wasted storage spaces on my truck dashboard so I could mount some auxiliary controls and a power outlet. The material arrived on time and packaged with peel-off plastic protection on each face and with about 5/8" - 3/4" of styrofoam on each side. Product arrived in great condition.
Easy to use with the braces
Perfect replacement for the silly cali gas spouts.
I got this product as pills and a bottle, I was kinda skeptical as how it will work. But the pills resolve immediately in water. We went to wash my in laws track that smells like cigarettes because of how much it smells, and we used this product and it really did removed all that terrible smell. So far its been a week since we washed it and it is still smells good. Love this product
Love this product. Stays right where you put it. Waterproof.
Worked Perfectly! Seems to be a Good Quality Product!
The pulley on my mower broke, and this was cheaper than the same part from the manufacturer. Comparing it to the original, this appears to be much more sturdy. Time will tell if it keeps on working though.
Awesome very accurate and I use it daily.
Bout this as a gift for a good friend of mine. He has it on his desk as as it sits there spinning (incredibly fast depending on the light source), he gets lost imagining everything that he should be able to do with it from free electricity to all, to powering moon bases! It may not have helped his productivity at work, but it has helped his creativity. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who has a few moments to stare off into space at work.
Just as it's described. Very useful, and a must for manual machining.
Great item. As described.
This is a great product. We purchased it as a gift along with caterpillars and our Granddaughter was able to see the metamorphosis process. So awesome
Look pretty durable haven't used much yet but satisfied
It works! It's a tasteful reminder for neighbors to pick up after their dogs!
Great deal, works great in my redcat blackout
I like that it is an oem replacement,it was the correct part for my furnace.
This charger cable is perfect great product, great price! I tested the cables for charging and data transfer, and they were as great as the real cable.
This kit was recommended to me for some voiceover work I needed to do at work. The delivery was great. Setup was a breeze. I especially liked that the mic has a headphone jack to allow you to monitor while recording. The 4 setting dial on the mic also allowed me to select the proper setting for voiceover work. Very little background noise was picked up. The Audacity software I was using eliminated whatever noise that was picked up. The quality of my project was everything I hoped for.
Don't settle for cheap clones. This is a quality product with lots of goodies that you will need that the clones don't supply. It works great and doesn't disappoint. Just remember an all metal hotend uses a small retract distance of only 4 mm or so or it will clog because the hot area is focused to a small accurate hot zone and you don't want to pull molten filament into the very well controlled cold zone.
Delivered as promised
Good value, arrived quickly.
great quality and works great
Like that there pre cut
Fantastic filament. Printed easy, no tangles, and looks great.
I found that these stands would not hold my heavier ornaments but were great for the lightweight ones.
Our boy scout troop uses this to stir drink mixes in our big 5-gallon water cooler. Works better and gets everything mixed together well.
Absolutely fantastic filament. Nothing but good prints with this, great adhesion and no stringing. Just remember it runs hotter than most PLA!
works well with the new sander I got. very happy with it so far
great service and delivery
perfect fit. very adjustable. not nearly as annoying as i had feared. i love it.
Big fan of the BD brand... was a little nervous trying an off brand or new brand. They worked every bit as well as the brand name. I was very pleased with these needles for my daily injections.
I just got these and used them this weekend to block out the Karaoke noise coming from a Bar on my block. I am used to City noise, but this is a whole other nuisance. I have a white noise machine that blocks out the (very bad) singing but I couldn't block out the bass. I put these on and in combo with the white noise, I could barely hear it. It was enough to allow me to go to sleep. Of course, these are not meant to be cozy for sleeping and you can only sleep on your back, but hey, you gotta do what you gotta do. When you are desperate to sleep, you will literally try anything. I'm sure they look stupid, but I don't care because I was asleep. They fit my head tightly, so I'm sure if I wore them for a long time I would get a headache but the bar closes at 1am. I just woke up in the middle of the night and removed them. Works for me.
If you do your own hub adjustments you need this
The rope comes with a baggie of crimps, making for neat and clean tie ups. I used this to tie a tree together amongst other things. There is plenty of extra cord leftover, it'll be nice to have in the garage.
It just works. You have to use a bait trap/box though to keep things safe IMO, but this cured a roof rat problem. They were getting to citrus and mechanical traps were ineffective and a pita.
The best product you can get to feel better. I always recommend it to my friends.
These are nice and long. Seem to work fine
Great product, very useful.
They work as they were intended.
Excellent hand cleaner for the money, really cuts through grease and grime. The Zep dispenser is very well built, I've been using two of them for over 10 years now.
these things are awesome , i used a bunch today and reordering the blue size asap
I installed belt...ran it about twenty minutes...and ping it broke...I will not order this belt again
These are the best!!!
So I ordered 1,000 and I recieved 970 give or take. Not bad considering other people that purchased were missing a couple hundred or more.
These are more comfortable than many steel toe shoes I've worn.
The filters are great!!!
Good deal fast shipping thank you
I purchased this from Atoz merchant. At first I was skeptical about buying this, but in the end I ended up receiving the real thing! Super happy with my purchase and I can't wait to go see them in concert in October!!
Covers nicely with sprayer
Works good for what I bought it for. Which is diy essential oil sprays. Even comes with labels.
Has worked perfectly. Clean feeling without any stickiness!
The specula tips fit our Dr Mom Pro model Otoscope perfectly. Getting 45 adult size tips for less than $8 should allow us to not have to reorder for a long time. Quick shipping, product arrived in perfect condition.
BioFreeze is the best roll on for taking the edge off my arthritic pain and or muscle ache.
It is exactly what I ordered.
These have become my go to set of cables for micro USB. They are sturdy and have a great outer cover that provides a premium feel and protection. Also they work perfectly and securely click into my devices so I don;'t have to worry about them falling out.
Not to bad for price quality is good and half price of Walmart
I ONLY PURCHASE PRODUCTS AFTER THE PH HAS BEEN TESTED. IT IS SHOCKING HOW MANY PRODUCTS ARE CLAIMING T0 BE PH BALANCED, BUT WHAT IS YOUR PROOF? PLEASE-TEST FOR YOURSELVES.
This Seamless Seam Setter performed as expected with the adhesive recommended to join two Quartz slabs. You hardly see the junction seam. Good product.
JUST what I needed for the pool
Super easy to use and you can even use with mouthwash, love it!
I used to use these commercially, and when I moved into a home with a large amount of tile and wood flooring I knew I had to get one again. I love this model and highly recommend it especially if you're looking for a more sanitary option using the washable pads. Works fantastic!
These were perfect for my resident Halloween Carnival. Will order again if more are needed for another event.
future of Spackle repair jobs.
We got this for helping our kids with time management and it's wonderful. When you set a time the clock turns red and as time runs out the red disappears, easy to understand at a glance. We can set it and give the kids this much time for playing, watching TV etc and they understand how much they have. We're using it every day.
My husband loves this bag. In fact, my father in law ended up taking it away!! It is a perfect size but not so big that it becomes too heavy to carry. We found out quickly that it is water proof. It is very heavy duty canvas material. It is padded so it doesnt leave a mark when you are working inside on your floors. Highly recommend.
This kit works great for orgonite items! I'm using silicone molds and they come out clear and crisp.
Thought this was good to be true since you get 150 test strips per container, but yeah you do get 150 strips that tests for the things that it says. Perfect for my kid's science experiment since he messes up a lot.
Previously purchased one larger size, but prices have gone up. This set of 3 priced reasonably. I use this product regularly.
My friend just move hardwood floor. I think it will help a lot!!
works well came as described
Great product for a variety of things.
Perfect for what I needed. A month setup. Helps my organization in a busy life where with one look I can verify something important.
Easy to put up, no problem at all!
Lets hope I never have to use them
We got the screws specifically to mount some old looking iron brackets to support a shelf. They were everything that we expected and more I was half expecting that I would have to forge my own which would have taken the rest of my life but these fit the bill. They don't overpower the bracket but they add to its presence and its aesthetics. I was skeptical only because they were slotted head but they are made very well at a very good material and held up to a slotted head screwdriver and its many foibles.
Will do more business
The little one loves it! Exactly like I remember in school.
Great rain coat, product description stated shipping (2) business days, took (8)
This product is perfect and works even better then I expected!
I really didn't have high expectations for this, I've been through so many mops trying to find one that doesn't streak my dark vinyl floors. I was pleasantly suprised!! I love it so far. Good bye swiffer :) I was so sick of buying those things by the case.
I got this for my 81 year old mother very easy to use. She has no trouble with it.
I see negative reviews that mention the air gap after shipment. From what I have read, this is extremely common during shipment as they would not be kept vertical. H-B's website has a video that shows you how to use a flame (I used a common lighter) to move the liquid into the upper bulb (be careful not to fill it as it could break the glass), at which point the air bubble easily disappeared for me. I used an oven mitt to hold the thermometer. It took all of 1 minute. If the gap was towards the bottom, then maybe dry ice is necessary? Mine was towards the top. I suppose the only way around this issue is to not order from Amazon, but in a brick and mortar store so you can inspect for gaps and where they probably kept it vertical at all times and probably removed any gap themselves before putting it on the shelves. Tho it does include a pretty case, the plastic container it was shipped in seems fine as a holder for the thermometer and that is what I am using. The folded instructions are still inside, but I see no need to remove them. I cut open just the top to be able to extract the thermometer whenever I want to use it.
These diff types of sponges are awesome! The little ball one works well on cleaning the glass of the oven.
worked perfectly to adapt 3/8 hose down to 5/16 and yes I would buy again if I needed another adapter.
I repair my tablet charging port fast and easy.
great to have around
We already have one of these and they work great. We have only used the paper cone cups in it but it works for us.
Replaced my mom's Invacare wheelchair arm rests with these and the chair looks brand new. Sturdy, nice quality and better than what the chair came with. A+
Great quality! Stands up through sprinklers, heavy duty, good size, polite and to the point, and actually blend in well so they are not obnoxiously obvious in the yard
Made a huge task a cinch. Love it!
Looking good, well organized and nicely presented.
Really great noise-cancelling earplugs. Very discrete and better than those crappy foam plugs. They seem to block out a lot of noise without making everything sound muffled.
Great I have reordered several times and will continue to do so. I use them when building our Hydroponic Gardens as well as for planting and so-forth. I do think they run small so I use XL. Highly recommend.
Comes in handy when troubleshooting.
The length was nice can stir a 5 gallon bucket of beer
Cleaned my yucky smeared glasses quickly! Jewelry is next to try. It is relatively small and super easy to use.
Packaging was well done. No bottles were broken. All caps were good. These bottles are nice and thick.
good for restoration
I just like this stuff !
Easy to assemble and great quality compared to our last tray (which sucked and purchased elsewhere).
Love this product! Works great with applicator provided.
Love these round nose pliers! They have tiny tips for small loops, are super sturdy and well made for the price!
The various grits are perfect for polishing!
Fitment was great and they bolted up easy, I put these on my 2000 gmc sierra they defenitly raised the ride height.
I really like this cable I plugged in all of the little adapters into the devices that I have and I leave them there permanently so that way when I need to charge them all I have to do is bring them close to this cable and it charges, the fact that it lights up is just a bonus feature to me, it's cool and all but I could do without it either way I do like the mag safe like feature of the cable because if somebody walks by and bumps the cable your phones not flying away just the cable and that is a really good thing.
Will purchase Again.
Great Stuff for cleaning!!!
Usually I kneeling on the ground to map the floor because my backache is killing me from bending over. Now this Mop is save me! It's light although so it's easy to move from room to room. I have a golden retriever. So there's hair everywhere. Sometimes the vacuum blows the hair on the air. Mop is more better for this situation.
excellent service and product
Works great, no issue on it working. I recommend this to everyone
This stainless steel straw set is great. The 11" length easily clears tall cans & bottles like Arizona iced tea or Gatorade. And the additional soft end tips keep heat or cold from transferring directly to your lips.
I absolutely love these. They are PERFECT for my bathbombs. They suck right to them making them perfect! For the larger bathbombs I would recommend the larger one just like these. Over all a EXCELLANT product!!
Magnet is very strong. Delivered in very good packaging. Very satisfied.
Works great. As advertised
Works amazing,love it ,item as described ,excellent quality.it compatible replacements for my headphones and work with phone headphone,jack as well ,just what I have been looking for.
It's cling wrap. It clings, and it wraps. BUT it's commercial, so when I say it does those things, I'm telling the truth. I don't know what it is, but store-bought cling wrap never works as well. Might just be the size of the roll giving it more cling.
Works great if you do better than me and wire it correctly the first time. Thanks to whoever put the following out there: When the door is closed, there is continuity between Black/Green When the door is open, there is continuity between Black/Red
Works as advertised, no issues installing this belt.
Best price with the best quality
Worked well for replacing the tires on a dolly. They fit perfectly and made the job easier.
Works great! My 9 year old uses xs for nightime wetting and no leaks! She finds it very comfortable as well!
Good product for a good price. Its exactly what I was looking for.
My husband is a restless sleeper so I gave him this for Christmas. He loves it and I do too because he is sleeping so much better. It offers the body a sense of calmness and relaxes you in your sleep. (hint: can you tell I have used it also)
cheap piece of junk that works great, is strong enough and is extremely useful in the garden. I love it.
Really helps with relief of pain in neck and back
I wish this photo did justice to the amazing results I got with one cleaning and this pic was taken before I even used my polishing cloth! If you want your jewelry to look it's very best, this is a MUST HAVE.
Sealer was received on time and as expected. Sealer is easy to use and a great item.
Excellent and good manufacturing
As it described, temperature gauge works well.
Great gloves, incredible price! My #1 option. I wear it for long hours and it doesn't make my hand smell funky like other brands
Very good quality. Chose this sign for moderate size and not overly offensive with bright colors. Hopefully will be visible enough to get the point across - if not will possibly have to put a bit of red paint at the corners. Wanted on post, so have to drill center holes instead of using the corner ones already on sign.
worked as advertised
Works well, better than the old pad!
Great product for the money.Good for simple tracing. Awesome toner and tester. Very happy with my purchase.
Another great product released by greater goods. I Have found this useful to have on hand for my child
This stuff is a life saver. It needs to come in jumbo size.
Worked well for my application. Very powerful magnets
What I like about this item is that it give the ability to use my phone on the TV screen which is really good for viewing my recent pictures and video. I also love the fact that I can browse the internet and see the large images on my 75 inch TV. The only draw back is that I am not seeing all the apps on my phone whenever I connect using my Samsung S10+. I dont know if I should do anything in settings or so to make me see the apps but I guess I have that to figure out.
This journal is beautiful and huge! It is perfect for an art journal or a book of shadows. I see people reselling these elsewhere for a lot more money. So this is a really great value for such a high quality product.
This is the BEST flask I've ever order. I've order so many before from other suppliers. I use them for my handmade gift shop and they're perfect. It even came with it's own box so you can EASILY give it as a gift to someone. They're wonderful. My customer is very happy. I'm ordering another one right now! 😊
Replace the ones that broke after 15 years
These were perfect for our Shave Ice Party!
I love these new pen lights my old ones took batteries and I love that they come in a 2 pack, with a usb charger for each light, I can leave one at the office and keep one in my car!
It fits perfectly, the vinyl is sturdy and it's pretty. I love it!
good product with a good price
This is great solution for the wound it was used for. Cleared up the nasty smell immediately.
Fit perfect in my humidifier attached to my furnace.
Product received perfect for project.
I'm not using them in a lab, but they're exactly what I needed/expected.
Have used it twice, both with excellent results on suppressor baffles. As mentioned by others it shortens the time if you add hot water immediately. Easy to clean up and store
I have been using this product each summer every year now for 10+ years. It kills on contact! The only negative is it has a very oily (super poisonous) spray and shoots from afar. So IF you have indoor animals that walk on the poison+ clean their paws/pads, MAKE SURE YOU WASH THEM WITH SOAP AND WATER. You don't want them walking through the over spray and then licking their paws. To keep mine away from the overspray I yell at them and make them leave that room. . I yell at my cats so they stay away while I am scrubbing the floor. I do not want them ingesting , I am after the nasty aggressive red wasps that get into the house. GREAT POTENT AND DEADLY PRODUCT!!!!!!
I believed, l know! this product works well with fast charger. I've no problems and love the longer cord length. The male usb ends worked either way, no need to flop or turn for connection. Perfect cable. Thanks
I am glad is very sturdy my grandkids cannot break it I made sure in was attached to the wood.
Nice quality for an inexpensive elbow. Packed in heavy box.
I used these heat shrink connectors for my outdoor low voltage lighting and it works great. This butt crimp connectors is very easy to work with and the connection is strong and tight. Price is lower than the big box stores and 210 pcs should last me quite a while.
These work very well. Good for standby when I'm feeling sweaty.
Great product! Good quality and exactly as advertised!
I love this light stick, great quality and arrived early than expected.
This bag exceeded my expectations. It stores a lot of stuff and holds up very well. It also has a nice professional look to it. Very pleased.
This is a Great Product. Highly Visible and Sturdy. Using This For Trespassers to Make Sure They Know That They Are Being Videotaped.
As a child I had a lot of earwax buildup and was traumatized from people sticking things in my ear. Recently, I thought I had some wax rolling around in my ear but was too afraid to go to the doctor. I started researching if there was a way to look in your own ear and found this. To my relief, my ear canal was all clear. The picture was good but it was a little confusing because it was reversed so you couldn't really tell what direction you were actually looking at. I guess this would only be a problem if you were trying to remove something.
This seems to be a good PLA. I bought 2 spools of the gray and printed a lot of stuff with them. I only gave "adhesion" 4 stars because I still have to use a PEI adhesion sheet on my print bed, but that probably goes for just about any filament. I'd definitely buy this brand again.
Just like a review I read about this product after numerous cans of the top bee spray that did nothing but kill a few leaving the rest angry - this worked the very first application. My husband was shocked and happy that his fight with the bees that had nested in our garage wall block was over. Get it you won't be sorry.
I don't dislike them, but I am concerned about their looking so fragile. Have not used them yet to determine if they are durable or not.
Only thing is it picks up alot of sounds hard to tell
Exactly as described
I don't always use these Banjo fittings for every job because they are much higher in price but with a wall thickness of approximately 11 mm at the thinnest point (the jam nut) - these are super strong. I've never seen one break in 20 years of industrial use. If you need strength this is the best bulkhead fitting. Period. Also note that there are female threads on both sides of the fitting which the cheaper ones don't have.
Assembly instructions only addressed the basic truck. Had to figure out how to attach the extension. It wasn't rocket surgery, but a diagram would have made it easier. Also, the two little pins that immobilize the axle didn't fit. Otherwise, I was very pleased, especially that the extension was even longer than I thought it would be.
Very happy with purchase, may save a life!!!
It does what I needed.
Bought these because I lost my raptors, but even after I found them, I prefer to use these! Excellent quality. Wish they were slightly smaller for my little hands, but these things are made to cut all the things and last.
good product, reasonable price and excellent quality
These are just what I wanted!
Don't bother with any other style shims. These are incredibly easy and convenient to use, especially when tiling vertical surfaces.
Buying the rest of them
The seller is very nice to solve my problems. Works as advertised and provides clear images.
The scent is not medicinal but it makes me feel relaxed.
Good quality, and does what it's supposed to do. Connects a round threaded thing to another of the same size. Used for a propane fuel conversion for an antique tractor.
It does the job for the price. The plastic construction makes it feel a bit fragile. However, made 4 batches so far and no issues.
I have had a spot in my shower covered with scum that has been so hard to remove, so I got these and it got the mildew off in a matter of seconds! I just attached it to my power drill, applied cleaner and it worked like magic. Can't wait to see what else I can use these on!!
It was difficult to find these filter in stores. Thanks to Amazon's amazing selection of products. I can find anything on line.
easy set up and perfect for the garage
We use them outside everyday. They are great. They Yellow after a year or so.
I love this case!!! I bought it to store my jewelry. Apparently I had more small jewelry pieces than I thought. I have a little bit of everything so I needed something that would hold all sizes of small jewelry. I ordered several sizes of the inserts and I was pleasantly surprised two trays can fit in one drawer. I definitely plan on ordering more inserts to avoid ordering another case. This is heavier and nicer than I expected. Really nice looking piece. Too bad it doesn't come in other colors. Also I did not see any labels included to put on the drawers. I would definitely recommend purchase of this item.
I mainly used this set for rust and dirt removal on an automotive restoration project and I have to say that I'm pretty impressed by these. The thicker gauge steel brush is great for destroying rust and the thinner crimped wire brush has been solid for lighter, surface level dirt removal and aluminium grinding. I've been able to use both brushes all the way down to wire nubs on their bases. Now on my 3rd time buying this set. The ONLY drawback is that the bristles have a tendency to fly off as you work with them over time, but I feel like that would be expected of any brush. Just be sure to wear protective gear on your face/arms/legs/hands/chest. Basically just cover up and these things are great for your dirty, tough jobs where you want to work the tool hard.
Everything about this table is perfect!
great product i love this to have around the house works great
Works great while doing lawn work
Cleaned grout in bathroom - amazing results!
I love the Magnasonic Professional Ultrasonic Jewelry cleaner! It is so fast and easy to clean everything! I used the ultrasonic cleaner to clean my glasses and jewelries! They sparkle and shine with no smear marks! I love it!
It works and fits great. The best perk for me is that its light and doesn't make me overheat while working outside.
Exact replacement. Everyone's right, the bond material is quite runny. Make certain that you use a brush to cover the entire surface before installing it or you'll have leaks, as I discovered :(.
I used this for my vape juice......son bought huge bottles of vape juice and we filled all my bottles up with juice. Saved me a lot of money!!!!!!
They're bottles, what you would expect. Shipping was good, no breakage.
These smell SO GREAT! They're not overpowering and I get compliments on how the room smells from visitors. The fragrance lasts a long time too!
Would have been nice if it were offered with the tray.
I put these in the freezer and put the frozen pack in an envelope with my butters while shipping and they worked
These are great! I found a plastic container to keep them in - the kids love them and have already been using them. We're not even halfway through them and we've just started the summer.
Just like in the picture. Perfect.
Product arrived on time. Intuitive to use and works very well.
Nice, well built filter
Just the thing if you are replacing the stupid thumb-hole stock of your Romanian AK with new composite furniture. In my case, the new grip came with a screw (which matches the standard threading of this unit) but no T-nut. Due to slight variations in the construction of various AK models, you will probably have to take a file to this to get the exact/tight fit you want. It took me about 15 minutes with a mill file, but it is nice and snug now. I cold blued the nut after filing and it took the blue very nicely.
Arrived in perfect condition! Great quality. Can't wait to use these in my classroom!
My Lord this stuff is amazing!!! Prints beautifully on all my printers!
The book was as expected. The size was right. No issues
Fit and works perfectly
Exactly what I needed for my use
These are the right screws to mount drawer slides. I tried buying screws from the local big box home improvement stores. Those screws did not work. I will always buy a pack of these screws when I buy a 10 pack of drawer slides.
Repeat customer. Explains more than I can describe.
Incredibly easy to use. Very fast results.
Item arrived quickly in good shape.
Great pricing; good quality product
Item arrive on time. Installation was fairly easy. The speed switch works great. I installed this fan as a bathroom exhaust fan. I installed in attic with a 6" flex connection. After everything was all set and done I was able to get around 320 cfm out of end discharge. Lowered Speed to about 200 cfm. It is very quiet.
Compact and exquisite, easy to carry, simple to operate, very easy to use.
Just installed so we'll see but good so far.
Well made! If need more I would reorder from this seller!
These bottles are the perfect size for mixing oils. Everyone loved the blends I created for them at Christmas. Would definitely buy again. One ounce is the perfect size. I don't like to use preservatives in my oil mixes so I prefer to mix small amounts. Very pleased with these bottles. The droppers were better than ones I have used in the past.
Great enclosure for electronics, closes tight
I got them for driving & have been great for about a year now. Reduce glare & I can even see good at night with them on.
Exactly what I wanted.
This stuff works!! Want to kill that stump? Done! Thanks
A nice range of grits get the job done easily,they confirm to many sanding projects!
Looks great, I'm real happy I decided to do it myself. Installing it was a piece of cake. With the money I saved I went on vacation
I purchased these for my grandson's new closet. They hang his clothing well and seem to be sturdy. They are great on a toddler's clothes but not big enough for larger clothing. Delivered them very timely and was worth the purchase.
These display modules are bright and readable. I used one for an esp8266 based weather station display. You don't have to use the touch screen or sd card functionality if you don't need any of those functions. For my purposes, just display over SPI is fine, and this module works great for that. The header pins are already pre-soldered on, so less work to get started prototyping with jumpers. Overall, it's a fantastic little touch screen / display for Arduino or Raspberry Pi projects.
Product worked exactly as described.
We are using the signs to deter the public from entering the top floor of our Town Hall on weekends. Perfect solution! Highly visible. The first 2 worked so well, we bought another one for our maintenance room.
Was simple to use but quality product.
Gift for son in law and he uses them all the time with his grill
gift for grandkids who loves them
fairly Square Good quality
This is a great value in an ear protection headset. My son loves it!
This is my second spool of 3D Solutech PLA, the first being a roll of silver, being used on a new Ender 3 printer. The white works just as well as the silver did. I have done a few lithophane prints with the white and they have turned out very nicely. The color is pretty much pure white, no notable overtones of yellow or blue. Definitely worth buying again.
The product is great. The only problem I have is when it was shipped the cap was not on tight. One bottle leaked about halfway out. They replaced and I shipped back the remainder at their expense. No problems. Then the second bottle came and the cap on it wasn't tight either. It leaked less than a teaspoon of the cleaner out. No biggie. I'm hoping they see this, so that the realize the caps are not on tight enough. Another company I order cleaners from actually tape the caps . That works great.
Bought this mostly to measure temp in pool. Pool thermometers just don't last long. Worked great to measure pool temp. Also thinking of grill heat and whi knows what else. I like that it is portable and I can keep it inside, out of the extreme weather, and use it whenever I want. So far, like it a lot.
it works well and looks so real! it can be real or a prop!
Good quality, as described, fast service
I don't have a ton of cabinet storage and wine glasses can't stack and take up a fair amount of space! These are great though! They optimize the unused space under the cabinets above the sink! Would definitely recommend!
Love that these plates are made of a natural product and they exceeded my expectations of holding up liquid food items without disintegrating or leaking! And they are bio degradable!! We used them for gatherings and children and adults used them for lunch without any issues. The compartments make it easy to hold different types of food all at once. Thank you for make my a wonderful product as this one without making it too pricey!
The absolute best brand of metering equipment money can possibly buy. My 323 is a super simple and easy to use, my nieces can use it. Any other brand of meter is trash, except maybe FLIR. If anyone hands me a field piece, or a Klein, I just want to swing it around the room by the leads and throw it out the window into oncoming traffic, hoping an armored battalion just so happens to be driving by to smash their stupid meter to a fine dust.
The only brand of cups I recommend. Work great and last a long time as long as you take care of them.
Perfect for my wiring job.
As I am new to 3D printing I wanted something I didn't have to build before printing. I have been running this daily for weeks without issue. Solid machine to date.
Wow, these things zip. I put them in a super light fpv frame and did not expect this. Not for indoor flying if you are using 40mm plus size props.
Great filters, reliable. Fitting could improve but filters work great! Won't affect the taste.
Awesome product that the kids loved to use. I got this as a gift for a 10-year-old. He is ecstatic with it. Easy to operate and came with great instructions.
I have been using ABS filament for a while with my 3D printer. I was initially hesitant to switch but I've been making quite a few products that have moving parts. TPU is a more flexible filament that moves better then ABS. I like to 3D print fidget cubes for my students to play with. There is quite a different in the TPU and ABS printed fidget cubes. The TPU moves better, is printed more smoothly, and creates a better product. This filament is great quality and was very easy to change in/out in my 3D printer.
Fits well, very durable material.
I bought these a couple of years ago when my husband had surgery on his thumb. They worked really well for that, but I didn't take much notice. But a few days ago, 5 to be exact, I was boiling water in my microwave to make nectar for the hummingbirds as I have hundreds of times before, and the boiling water exploded right out of the purex bowl onto the backs of my hands! Like a dummy, I was not wearing my long silicone gloves right when I needed them (lesson learned ...again), just my finger gloves:( I've had burns before, and all are bad, but this one, especially on my right hand, is a dilly. Anyway, I needed to keep a layer of antibiotic ointment on the burn, so I've been putting that on and covering with one of these telfa pads 2-3 times a day. They don't stick at all, provide protection and ensure a moist environment for the burn to heal. Wow, I cannot believe the positive difference over these 5 days and the pad is a big part of the reason for the improvement. I highly recommend them if this sort of thing happens to you, but most of all, be careful and try not to have a reason for them :)
It works! All the bottles came intact and in great condition.
This was, by far, the nicest online purchase I have made in quite a while. I was feeling slightly disappointed (it didn't quite reach the end of the garden!) and when a friend of mine emailed to see how I was getting on I shared this with him.
I like the glue for making slime but it smells kinda bad bit you can get rid of that smell with the sent amazon sells
Perfect for my party
Very pleased with these - I used for the first time last night and it blocked the sound of snoring very effectively and got me straight back to sleep. Very easy to install correctly in the dark.
Tightened right down on 1/8th inch braided cable. Good product.
Great little accessory for your stethoscope. Will be recommending to others.
Just what I needed. I thought I would need more but it was long enough to sew on to the side of pants.
Love this knife! It is cute, small, and perfect for work. It arrived quickly, and has a price you can't beat. Definitely one of my favorite Amazon purchases this month! 💕
I have metal shelving units along the wall in my garage. I use these hooks 2 thread clothesline through and then placed shower curtain hooks tarp grommet holes to make a curtain over the open shelves. It worked perfectly. The shelving units look neater, the contents hidden away until needed. Excellent product
For the price this product works great, I've used them for work for many years and couldn't beat the price to have my own. Only thing to note is the decal on the smaller unit was upside down, but it was easy to peel off and flip with plenty of sticky to stay in place.
I have been using these cables in recent days during the trip. The cable is easy to carry in my bag. I also took one to use in my office, left two at home, just fine for me, my mom ask for another 4pack for her.
For dry skin on elderly
Hard to get on because it was so tight. It is so tight that the blades still spin some when they are disengaged. This should decrease as the belt breaks in and stretches a little.
These cords seem very well made, very sturdy. I love that they came in colors. I cannot say how they work because these are the wrong cords, i needed cords for an Android. I got excited that it was purple and red and just ordered it without being sure what usb 3.0 type C meant. It looked like what i needed in the picture, but when i got it, it was not what i needed.
Worked well was a little small but all in all no complaints
I have never been as impressed with a DeWalt cordless tool as I have with this chainsaw. I bought it for camping and some small backyard tree trimming projects. This thing outperforms even my wildest dreams. For comparison, I was using a 12" gas powered chainsaw that was an entry level saw. It worked pretty good, but adjusting the chain was a nightmare, it leaked oil and it just didn't cut consistently enough for me to bother using. It was more hassle maintaining it that it was using it. So, I upgraded to this beast of a tool. First off, the battery life on this thing is way better than I could have imagined. I charged it to full and was able to cut 30-40 small (3" or less) limbs off my trees in the backyard. It was still at full battery after these branches were trimmed. I then brought it camping and used it to cut firewood and it was still at 3 bars (full battery) when I got home. I still have not charged it a second time and have used it a handful of times in the yard. It is still showing 3 full bars of battery life. Well beyond my expectations. The saw is quiet, stops almost instantly when you let off the trigger and it's a variable speed trigger so you can control exactly how fast you want to chain to move. The only gripe I have with this chainsaw is that it leaks oil. I saw this as a common issue people were reporting and while some seem to not see this issue, I definitely did. I now store it vertically using the inset hole in the handle and my oil leaks seem to have stopped. It's just strange that if you store it horizontally, it would leak so profusely. This is a very minor complaint though compared to all the positives.
kills mice dead but careful handling is required...if pets eat it it will kill them. get bait traps to put them in if you have pets
Got it for a friend, they love it
Very well made. Product arrived as I had expected. Will put it up on my lawn soon. I hope the inconsiderate neighbors will finally clean up after their dogs.
Great hex screw driver
I love my case. It holds my stethoscope, pen light, and scissors. Plus it came with a lavender sachet so it smells amazing. It is perfect I recommend it to all my fellow nursing students.
I was taking a health assessment class. I never needed to use the tuning fork as was suggested in the materials list but it is great quality as is the hammer. I've used the hammer and it is a nice size to keep in my pocket.
Great quality, no burrs. Work perfectly, nice an truely round.
The original plug on my son's headset was failing, so we purchased these to repair the otherwise good unit. The did exactly what we needed, and they're still holding up to daily use.
Good fit for our unit. Arrived quickly.
These are great for lotions and thick creams so it doesn't get under my nails. Great for lots of little jobs!
They get the job done!
Perfect just what I needed. Many compliments on this
Nice and strong. I didn't need the 3M adhesive circles as I was gluing these on stones to make (strong!) refrigerator magnets, however, it is very nice to have them if you do need them. They came in a small plastic case and if you let them snap together quickly they can break. They may seem like sturdy metal, but they are in fact fragile. Overall though, very strong and they worked flawlessly for my project. As you can see in my picture, one magnet was able to hold up 25 sheets of standard printer paper on my refrigerator.
Very handy. We keep ours in the garage
I am "princess and the chair" at work. Nothing suits me for an entire 8+ hour day but this stool gives me a few good options in concert with my adjustable desk. So I can sit low for a few hours, raise my desk and the stool and sit in another position, or stand at my desk and just kind of lean my butt on the stool. I also have a regular office chair handy in case I want to slouch but am using that less and less, the more i get used to this. And it does take some getting used to. You're using muscles and your spine in a different way. So be patient.
Just right for college lab
A very well made gas can, seals tightly, and is easy to use. I bought a second can because of the quality. My only wish is that they had an attached cap (or any cap) for the spout to keep dust out of the spout when it is not in use. It is pricey but worth every penny.
These are very well made and strong just what i wanted.
I gave this along with other items and this was just hilarious my husband loved it! It was very humorous. Although I would admit it is a roll of paper so I don't know if I should or shouldn't use it? But overall this was a great product!
These are the best thermometers that I have used for the HVAC industry. They take abuse well maintain accuracy.
Works great and easy to set up. Used it in a hole in the side of my house to make sure all the critters were gone before I sealed it up.
It works great. It goes up to 10 Not 5 because that doesn't work especially for thick fingers.
the lines are too long over of my mind. it works fastly than the original one.
Sturdy and bright. The exact colors I needed for my rainbow party! A bit pricey but worth it not to have to purchase each color separately. Highly recommend!!
This charger is really handy, it doesn't require that you charge batteries in pairs, and it has a display for each battery that lets you know when it's done.
Applied normally and cured same as every quality 100% silicone I have ever used. Worked fine on a skylight repair job so far.
Works great automatically shuts off and the change is safer from my perspective doesn't get hot.
My husband needed boots just for when our yard floods. It doesn't happen often so I didn't want to spend much on boots. This was a great price, for him true to size and he got the job done with dry feet.
Easier and faster to use for testing batteries than a multimeter. Works well.
Nice quality and perfect way to extend a shower pipe.
I used this for enclosing my 50 ft oxygen tubing. My cats were always biting through it. Works perfect.
Great for using when you are taking coffee in the car with you every morning.
Money spent very well
I love everything about this filament, its strong and prints easily on every printer I've tried it on. Looks great as well.
Fits exactly like it is supposed to
I used these for wood stain, pre-staining etc. Handy for custom mixes with the side markings. seal very well. Nice control for dispensing the wood stain equally.
Good part good price thanks!
Used as dry wall wood screw stud finders. No problem finding the screws. Make sure to rotate 90 then slide apart and slide together to prevent finger injury. Store in thick foam wrapping to keep distance of magnet field inside to anything around it. I use over one inch of foam wrap made up of layers all around. More wrap is better for storage.
Added to my motorcycle to recharge my phone. Works great after one riding season.
Very happy with purchase.Paper was as pictured & described. Will purchase again.
Worked just as advertised.
I am traveling right now and it has been so convenient to charge all my IOS devices. Great product.
What a terrific STEM based activity! My kids were soo entertained while working on there creations. It was so fun to watch their creativity shine through and observe their problem solving skills. Highly recommended!
FIlament is a darker blue color with a good matte or glossy finish depending on your print temperature. I have already used half the spool with no problems. I will be purchasing more in the future.
Great standby emergency first aid product that doesn't come with most basic first aide kits.
This qi charger is easy to use. Charges my Samsung S9 in thick case. Large surface area and thin profile.
Both the Square and the app on the phone are easy to use. I just used the Square at an event, and it allowed me to take credit cards, making sales I otherwise would have missed. I love that it fits in my purse. Since I always carry a couple copies of my book around, I might use it sometime. They make pouches for it, but I'm using the plastic container that Extra gum comes in (It's perfect: slim and durable).
These things are Awesome. Can't believe how quiet my printers are now. I recommend them to everyone with a 3d printer. If I could give 6 stars I would. Quit reading this and hit the buy button! :)
Great selection of colors and amazing customer service!!
I bought two Flip Guard FG 1000 SN Satin Nickel for my home, but installed one in my daughter's apartment. This device is so useful that by locking up the main lock at the door no one can open it from outside even by having the keys. This is an amazing security invention and costs a few pennies. It is made out of strong steel and very easy to install it yourself. We are getting a few more for the house and family members. Thank you!
Works great and I would say its definitely worth spending the money for this.Bought it this for my mom. she likes it and use well.
Great design, low price. Package arrived on time. Not a whole lot to say about these cables, they work and don't throw 'unsupported accessory' errors like most others out there. Sturdy and not going to crease or fold! Data line is very easy to use, there is no pop-up case very impressed with quality and durability thus far.
I found this practice skin to be valuable in my FNP education and felt like it helped me practice suturing well!! The material is durable and allows for multiple upon multiple attempts and is forgiving when it comes to skill. The differing shapes and curves allows you to practice all types of suturing and even allows for tight pull!
Using as a liner in baseball caps to block dangerous signals. Happy with it so far.
I like them, holding up well.