There is a terribly done band across the top. Supposed to keep the shirt on your shoulders but seems more of like a waistband.
I am disappointed in this purchase. I bought one of these in another color and in size XL and it fit great. This one I bought in white in XL and it fits like a Medium. I cannot wear this top and am really disappointed about that, It is advertised as XL but seriously this top would only fit someone who would be a size s/m. An XXL would have been a better choice for me because the sizing is incorrect on this product.
Buy one size smaller, they r BIG
Wrong size for my husband. I need to return them, unfortunately.
My mom loves the mild compression of the knee high but says the top is too loose and falls down. She cannot wear them. I was after a looser top because the others cut into her leg and stop circulation. Any suggestions?
First of all, the color is definitely baby pink, not the taupe-ish dusty rose color that is pictured. Second, I would never consider this a wrap dress, I would say it's a glorified kimono. Third, it's completely see through and fourth, the boob area was way too baggy so unless you're EXTRA blessed in the chest department this might just look like a saggy cheap robe. In spite of the high hopes I had for this “dress”, I'd have to say it's a big thumbs down for me unfortunately.
Looks cheap. He didnt care of course. He liked it. But I prefer to wear things that look and feel of quality. It also runs large. Overall, waste of $$
Very cheap material, ripped almost instantly when wearing and putting hands in pocket. Would not recommend.
this item did not arrive on time. When I requested return, no immediate response. Once I receive the return label, the words on the label are very small. Overall the customer service is poor
Poorly made. Looks really cut in the picture but the padding is weird and the poor excuse for underwire was already coming out when I opened the box. You get what you pay for with this one.
I ordered a size down since I like the bands to feel snug and secure, but it was wayyyy too big. I cant even wear them because they slide down or roll up. Its unfortunate because I was so excited to order them! The material on the band also is not sticky enough to adhere to the pants. Wish I would've returned when I had the chance.
I bought the dress in a size medium, but it was way too big. The waist needed to be taken in a few inches. If it was smaller in the waist area, I think it would have had a more flattering appearance.
I will be sending this item back. I bought the 2XL after reading reviews and the cups on the top are smaller than a training bra and I can't get the top to clasps at all. I'm a 36 C and there is absolutely no way this would fit.
Newborn size is far too big to be a newborn size. I ordered size newborn but when it arrived the tag says 0-3 mo, and it's much bigger than my other 0-3 month clothes, it's closer to a 3-6 month onesie.
Never got the product. They offered a full refund for it.
Fabric was pure polyester, not good for infants. I wouldn't have bought it if I had known.
To short, material is hard.
Fits too small and the material breaks easily
Difficult to get in and out of it. Too many handles and the zipper ids way smaller than the purse.
All of the belts are very cute but once you start moving around while wearing them they come open and fall off. The links on the black belt completely fell off the belt. :(
Do not buy this item from this company. The item came without the proper cuts in the wristband, and when I actually tried to fix it the material just turned to crap. One star is too high but had to mark it with one
If you have bigger boobs all it's going to do is give your boobs creepy wrinkly looking mess
It's very short - not nearly as long as pictured. Does not fit as it should - improper sizing on vendor's part.
They just fit awkward and looked weird
Not as described at all. Poor quality.
it looks really cheap. the material is really rough to the touch. thread lines are very obvious. looks like dollar store stuff!
I've only had this keychain for about two months and within the first two weeks the strings were coming apart and falling off. Wouldn't buy unless your keys sit on a counter for show
i wear medium so i order medium but wayyyyy to big so i just decided to give it away n order small size instead but unfortunately it looks like an extra large just waaaayyy too big
This hat is kid sized. Had to give it away to a child.
Material held o to wrinkles easily. Somehow washed it and aquired some type of clear stain I couldn't get rid of. None of my other whites had this weird stain? Needless to say it's in the garbage now.
The Product is good but one only pair Arrive instead of 3 pairs.
I ordered a large size and when I received the gloves I could not place my hands in the gloves. I was very disappointed.
I'm giving this only one star mainly for how it was shipped! It was send in an amazon box that would've packaged all of it nicely, but instead was rolled up in another package & then put in the box! The hat has a crease right in the front that we can't get out, & leaves it looking more like Peter Pan's hat! If I had for time, I would've sent it back, but now I'm trying to use an iron to get that crease out.
It's didn't fit at all like this picture. It was horrible
Credit cards stick out too far, and there's little room for any extra membership/rewards cards. Magnet is weak; wouldn't trust it with more than a few singles. You really have to force the cards in for some of the slots. I was really hoping I could replace my beat up wallet with this, but it's nothing like I was hoping and I'll probably just toss it out and keep using my old wallet. If you have 4 cards and an ID, sure, it might be sufficient. But for the rest of us in the real world, this thing is a waste of money.
It's warm, I like the design, but after a couple of washes the pocket stitching is falling apart. This is a VERY cheaply made product and lasts about a month before it starts falling apart.
The fabric is bad and cheap
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM. THE BRIM OF THIS HAT IS NOTHING BUT CARDBOARD. WHAT A WASTE OF MY MONEY. AMAZON, MAY I PLEASE HAVE MY MONEY BACK?
Nothing like the picture. Very short
Item was ripped, damaged, flower was ripped out of dress, it even had a hole, to make it worse it had stains on the dress and was way to long for a 3 year old, and shipped at wrong address, will be returning the item soon.
Update: the dress is still missing eyelets after my second order. I am returning it again and I hope third time is a charm. My daughter is dancing the waltz in her friend's quinceanera and they are wearing this dress. However, it is missing eyelets so I have to return it and I hope the next one has eyelets. This is so frustrating!
Totally sent the wrong size. Ugh!! Ordered XS was sent a large. In a time crunch
I got a 3X and they are ridiculously small. More like a medium. Don't waste your money.
The worst purchase I think I've ever made in a sock
Cheap material. I ended up donating! The product did not arrived on time. Disappointed as it was for my daughters graduation.
(Husbands account) I like my maxi dresses to touch the floor and this dress was above my ankles. I returned the dress and got refunded in the same day so that was great!
Its cheap made. Looks like the ones you can buy at wish. And they are way cheaper on wish.
Suit is starting to fade after a few wears. After the 10th wear the suit is almost bleached out. I liked that is was fully lined but now the suit looks terrible.
I am clearly the exception (it would seem) but here under shirts --- that are sweat proof -- seemed to increase my core temperature by 20-30 degrees. Ok - I am exaggerating but I was traveling by car and pulled over to take my shirt and tie off and rid myself of the undershirt so that I could cool down before my meeting. How? How does this work for others but makes me hot & sweaty. I bought two shirts and two underpants - I will say that the underpants seem better but truthfully I think the shirt experience sullied the whole deal.
It's shaped like a triangle, nothing close to this picture
This product description does not match the picture. The wrong coat was sent to me twice. I'm not ordering from this company again.
Not firm enough its thin
Way too small returned immediately..
The shirt ran small. I have been trying to return it since I bought it in August. The seller has not responded to any of my inquiries. Do not buy from this company!
Love the look of the product but it will be returned as it is way too small. Asian sizes are mot well suited to Americans.
Absolutely disgusting! One of the pairs is obviously used probably from a previous return. Look at the photo. That's how it came. And it smelled horrible!
Horrible underwear!! My boys keep sliding through. Every time I wore this, I had to force them up though my pant's pocket. I don't recommend this to anyone.
Loved these until after a few wears they tore open near the pocket. Thankfully I heard my keys falling and did not lose them.
I followed the size chart and it was still small ::(
Very small. I ordered one higher number for my 7 years daughter. It was small and hardly fit to her. I bought this for her birthday. We used this dress only for one day. Bit disappointing, after spending this much money, we could able to use this product only for one day.
This shirt does NOT fit true to size at all. I ordered a LARGE which is what I typically wear, but this definitely does not fit like a large! I always fit in a large, but this shirt is tight on me.
Went to unzip the pants and the zipper broke. Did not even try them on because of this.
The material is trash
Not as pictured at all. So short it doesn't even come down to my belly button.
the material was not anything I expected...the stitching was not good. the bust was so revealing...just was not pleased at all...
You're paying for the name and that's about it. You can pick a pair of these up from the dollar store
not worth it at all...wasn't worth the $ poor quality item
Don't get this dress. Not only is the sizing off, well everything about it is off. The material is that paper-like itchy material, it's not long or flowey like the model, the sleeves are this weird Shakespeare-like resemblance, it's clearly not a legit company that makes this dress but rather a knock-off somewhere in China. I should've paid attention to the reviews. Take my advice and avoid because the company will Not refund all your money.
This was supposed to be a baby shower gift to a new gamer dad. Got the absolute WRONG shirt. This is not what I ordered.
The courier/delivery person marked this item as delivered , yet I never received my package. This seems to be a recurring issue with Amazon.
It appears that some people are receiving a different item than others. I specifically purchased these hats because the photos people were posting in their reviews showed the hat with the little logo on it, and that is what I was looking for. The hats I received have no logo. I am not sure why two different products are being sent out - zero quality control!
Cannot rate this at this point. Never received it. They took my money but no product.
I ordered this for my son who requested this and it was snug at a Large, an XL would not be trimmed to his waist. His big complaint was not that, but of the odor, the smell off the fabric. Sadly, we are returning it.
This is not what I wanted. I wanted a foam visor. This one is Styrofoam. It was not at all clear in the description and I would send it back but it was cheap and I'm lazy.
Damaged or rough on the metal, and slightly bent, these should be checked before the get sent out. The gun is chipping and cracked.
These leggings are cheap! I could see the second I took them out of the package that they were thin and see through. Also, the inside didn't have any fleece or even fuzziness.
Only able to wear 2 or 3 times before all socks lost shape and would not stay up.
These are likely the cheapest nylons I have ever worn. They come in a two pack- the first pair tore (not just ran, but full on tore) while putting them on... I figured they snagged on my ring or nail or something and put on the second pair.... .....which legit tore WHILE I WAS WALKING! Top of the thigh tore at the seam and the toe shredded. It was absolutely CRAZY! Sad. But save yourself the embarrassing moments and buy something of quality!
They sent a completely different pair of pants. They sent gray jeans. I wanted to return them but it would cost me over 30 dollars to send them back! Terrible!!!
They sent me the wrong item.
These are the worst leggings I have ever bought. They fit absolutely terrible and they are the worst purchase I have made on amazon by far
I give this a 1 star review only because the colors are vibrant, other than that it is VERY lightweight and not what i was expecting to get. Very overpriced for this item. This was going to be a gift for my daughter in law but I am to embarrassed to give it to her.
5 sizes smaller then what your expecting. I ordered an XL adult thinking it would shrink some and end up fitting like a L. Opened it up and it barely fits my size youth 8 very petite daughter. After washing it, it became a cleaning rag. Im not sure my daughters stuffed animals could fit it now.
No words could adequately express the horror. I bought NEW and received STAINED drawers! What is wrong with people...and AMAZON, seriously this is absolutely disgusting and should never never happen. Quality Control needs a lot of improvement! DISGUSTING!
Worn once by my child & washed once my me. How is it possible that it has a large hole in it already!?!?! The amount of piling after just 1 wear & wash is ridiculous too! The fit is great & they seem warm, but if they are basically disposable socks, what good are they? Wish I could get a refund. Would not recommend.
Didn't send me the right brand. Waste of my time and now I have to send it back and wait for a refund. I will not order from this company again
They came with 2 holes on the front legs
Not waterproof at all doesn't even have liner I was soaked
Disappointed, just a regular sock with a design that makes is look like it would provide comfort.
Ordered these shirts for a custom tshirt order. Couldn't be more disappointed with recieving an item that looks like mice ate holes in. I'd recommend ordering the ones from hanes.... there was no issue with theirs (they came in the same box)
Can't even review it because they sent me the wrong product. Ordered a black short sleeved dress in size large and received ax XL cold shoulder T-shirt. Not impressed. We'll see if they screw up the replacement.
The sparkles are rainbow colored nothing like the pictures
The material was cheap looking and it fit me too small. Had to return.
Wrong color i purchased a silver set i received black also no bracelet unsatisfied with purchase.
Very cheap material. I would not buy again!
Weighs WAY too much, or clip isn't strong/big enough. I couldn't get this to stay on my head for the life of me! Very cute, but I'll be sending it back
I didn't get a full refund.. it's nothing at all like the photo
There was a hole In the item received
Absolutely awful. These are meant for children. I am 5'2” and while I have a little junk I'm in no way big. I couldn't even get them over my thighs. These also had a run in them. 😑 Annoying
I paid for 2 day shipping. My items arrived in multiples packages and I never recieved the bodysuit! So disappointed!!!!
This bra was way too large and bulky on me. I followed the size guide.
Very loose for my baby, they easily fall off.
They are very soft, but shed terribly. would not order again.
Very poor quality. Don't waste your money.
I never received this item.. this seller is a scammer
This product is not cotton, as stated on the product page, which was disappointing.
Just wrong fit, color, expectations... everything, I read the reviews and took a chance but was disappointed!
The bra itself was what I expected, but was stained a dingy yellow in several places and smelled so strongly that everything else in the package absorbed the odor. Very disappointing.
Not the right size. Way too small. I may be big but by buying the XXL I should have had a lot of extra room, it didn't even fit.
I purchased this jacket as a replacement for my fleece jackets i am currently using. The temperature I was working in was 25 degrees, as I am not a polar bear it did not keep me warm. The zippers are very small and cheap, the slightest pressure on the lower end of the zipper while it is zipped up and it will separate. It is very difficult to use the zipper with gloves and the sewing of the jacket is porous enough to allow the down work it's way out of the compartments. You look like a molting duck! I would have returned the jacket but I snagged it on a bush and it now has a small hole so I'm stuck with it. This is not the quality of jackets I am accustom to from Eddie Bauer. If all you are going to use this jacket for is to get to the car to the club or store then back to car, it will work. But then why don't you purchase a good quality fleece?
Cute dress but washed it once in cold water and it shrunk and was not wearable for me, had to return
The pants have a belt loop sewed on backwards, so the all-black pants have a white stripe on them. I ordered a replacement, and it had the exact same defect. This seller is a scam for selling defective merchandise.
I would not buy these again, They ripped open day one.
I really like it but too small
This material was definitely not worth the price. Came in very wrinkly... and you can't iron thw wrinkles out. You almost need to add a real suit jacket so it looks semi okay
So thin you couldn't wear it I would love to return ASAP!!
Material feels like sandpaper
No spacing between the words. Poor workmanship!
Not what is pictured. Sent back!
Don't Buy!! The materials used are very cheep.
the colors are very dull and not at all like in advertising
didn't arrive in 2 days as advertised
Larger than expected not happy
Ordered girls 4th birthday dress. Received knock off Victoria's Secret panties. Not happy at all. Don't buy from this seller.
UPDATE: Seller contacted me offering $25 compensation to remove my previously 3-star review. As a result, I will not remove the review and am lowering my review to 1 star. I have pretty big hands so finding gloves that fit is hard; so I was pleased to see that according to the sizing guide in description for this gloves, I should be an ideal fit for the XL size of these gloves. Unfortunately, I think the measurements on the sizing chart may be a bit optimistic - I could barely fit my hand into the opening, and once on I could barely articulate my fingers they were so tight! Overall though I thought the gloves looked and felt pretty nice; if you're looking at these and have more regular hands, I would advise considering going one size up on these otherwise decent gloves.
Returned too small not how it was described.
This dress is not good.its look good on pictures but in real it's horrible.if anyone buy this is west of money. Sleeve of dress is horrible too
Very disappointed they way it fits is very uncomfortable and tight and I ordered my size and the material is very itchy
It showed up with the color chipping off.
I work in a bakery and like to have long sleeves to help protect my arms. I was hoping this would be good for the summer but it did not keep me cool. The only reason I'm keeping it is to use it in the winter.
too small for my head - sent it back
not what expected - material on the skirt is not what expected
This is a cute shirt, but the sizing is so off. When I opened the bag I thought it was a child size. Will not shop here again, but was shipped fast, so I gave it a star.
Just too high for me.
Poor material quality. Smell of chemicals/dyes used. Definitely disappointed with product.
Didn't love it!! It looks nice in the pic!!
Horrible quality. Size is way off. Runs very small.
Poor quality! Glad Amazon refunded me for the purchase.
I'm super disappointed. After simply trying on, the underwires poked out. I decided to ignore this and wore it once anyway. When I washed it the draping came apart in the wash.
The price should say it all. Made in China for Chinese proportions, doesn't fit the Western ergonomics. Too tight in the crotch area, not enough space. Of course, for this little money you can't expect any better, so don't waste your money and look somewhere else. One star just to publish the review, but doesn't deserve even that.
This dress wasn't what I expected at all. It looks nothing like the picture. The material is rough and weird feeling. I had been hoping for a cute dress, but it ended up looking like a tent on me and I ordered a smaller size. Terrible design as well.
Sizes are ridiculous. Like child sizes not even teen.
The cut was awful. I returned mine. Legs were way too tight for business wear and i wear leggings a lot. Strange cut - tight with flare.
Would have given it no stars if I could. The metal piece connecting the two rings just fell off the first time I put it on. I am size xs/s and I got the belt in small - didn't even need to stretch it to get it on.
Love the way these fit and look, but after only wearing them two times, they have a hole in them- and not on a seam, but a hole right in the middle of the thigh.
It looks like this was a used or returned item and resold. The white showed stains in several places. I really love the style of this shirt and heavy fabric. Using some spot remover and have washed it 5 times today. I think I may finally have removed most of the stain but now the whole white part of the shirt isn't as bright of a white. Will keep it but probably won't order again from them.
When I wash got little bit small
Way too tight for my head. I really wish they would make hats larger so I have some choice. Cute hat otherwise.
I ordered the blueish grey and it looks A LOT lighter than when it came. Its very dark not a grey color at all. Its a vey thin material. Wasn't happy with it at all. I reordered to make sure that they didn't just send the wrong one (color) and a different size were the first one was too big the second one was too tight and the same color as the first. Ended up not using the shirt at all.
I don't see the difference between this product as the regular socks you get at any other store
Too small should have ordered two sizes bigger
the scarf is unraveling only done fully on one side
They flip and not comfortable
Unfortunately they didn't work for me at all for they doesn't work with soft tissue. My skin tissue is too soft and it won't stay in place. So be careful unfortunately it won't work for everyone. The firmer your skin is the better it may work.
There was a small hole right around neck area I noticed when took out of the bag. Keeping because I don't want to bother with return process. Definitely not satisfied with this product.
One star for the inadequacies of the seller/people who pick their items in the warehouse. I ordered this in a C cup and received it in a D cup. No big deal- I simply returned and reordered. Second time I order it in a C cup, I get a D cup. Again. There's no place to contact the seller to explain that they keep sending me the wrong size so I'm at a loss. Returning and buying elsewhere.
Very disappointed had a large hole in the side of it where it was never sewn together. Quality control ? Not to mention this item had already been sent back once because the return label from the previous return was in the taped up bag with the dress. Quality control failed twice. Both on the manufacturers end and Amazons end.
This is nothing like the picture. Wings on the front, doesn't fit or hang anything like shown. Very odd shaped. Sent back.
Incredibly too small. I honestly thought they sent me a children's size instead. Nope, just way too small.
I own a lot of lingerie from high end pieces to $10 rip them and leave them things. This is hands down the worse product I've ever purchased. Not worth it, flimsy, just...a poorly made product. Avoid.
They were good for about a week. Then the material started to fall apart.
I ordered the "one size" and it's an XL. It's too big so I'm confused why the one size is an XL when there is a plus size option. My waist is a 40" and stomach 33". It doesn't feel supportive enough.
They sent me two of the same colors 😢, please note they do not send all colors in the picture
The quality was quite cheap and I was double charged for this order! Not worth purchasing.
The jewelry did not come with my order and the cigarette holder was broken.
It didn't fit and it was a little torn
Ordered four men XL t shirts and received four YOUTH XL LONG SLEEVE shirts. Reordered them and the same thing happen. Really inconvenient.
No where on the package or on the glove does it say leather. Just China. Someone needs to confirm this claim that it is Italian leather . And I will retract this review. Help Amazon
They looked great, but were too small. I had to send them back.
Ordered and double checked the order because I didn't like the way it did not call out exact size in shipping list. it says S-XXL, I actually triple checked and made sure that I ordered a XXL for my wife, and a L, for my daughter RECIEVED a Medium and a Large. DID NOT ORDER A MEDIUM. I was extremely leary and should have followed my better judgement when I could not see the ACTUAL size in my cart just the S-XXL... and my gut feeling was correct so now have a jacket for my daughter that is too tight and have to hassle with return or whatever...
I ordered the Wonder Woman costume and received The Rake kids costume. CRAZY
This is basically compression pantyhose. The material is equivalent to really sheer tights. It compresses decently but definitely too see thru especially around buttock area to be considered under wear. I would not wear this under a skirt.
Been wearing these less than 6 months already has a hole developing hole on the side. If your going to pay this kind of a price for socks the quality should be better. Stick with Fox River, wears alot better and better guarantee.
Poor quality. Hole within five hours.
The product is very nice...but it doesn't fit.
Says delivered , NEVER received it. Super disappointed.
Doesn't look good at all
Fun Halloween costume, fit as expected. There is a zipper that goes across the back of your legs, under your butt. The zipper broke after unzipping one time. Couldn't fix it and ended up having to throw it away.
The company sent me another one as the first bracelet broke in a few days, well this is bracelet number 2 delivered on Monday and broke in the same spot. The quality is just not up to par. I have reached out to the seller because I do in fact need a bracelet that is reliable
I did not like the fitting and I have returned it. I did not get the refund yet for this item.
i wish there was a zero star... got it for my daughters birthday witch the shipping said a few days and didnt ever arrived!!!
This said a large but it fit like a medium/small.
Cut is really bad. Sending the shirt back tomorrow.
Have to pay shipping to return to China! Not worth ordering from them! Still haven't received refund!
I ordered large. However, in the package there were 4 mediums & 2 small. Now very pleased, because I was going to wear them on vacation.
It would fit a man, not an eight year old boy, package was tossed, now I need to use my sewing machine.
Too big on top and too long, looked like a bath robe
just terrible, dont buy
The dress has no shape. It was wearing a pillow case. Will be returning. I'm 5'4 135lbs
It came with a crease/wig was bent and that caused a crease. Looked bad.
I never got the item. It's been 2 months.
There was no touchscreen texting function. The gloves were not warm. The description "driving" gloves is inaccurate. Holding the steering wheel of my car while wearing these gloves was very difficult. My gloved hands slipped on the wheel.
Fits very tightly around the thigh area, there is no stretching in this area. I got the correct size but it still cut into my though area.
I followed the directions but couldn't get to stay on.
Cheap ,poorly represented piece of crap shirt .
Do not buy. Cut very small.
They broke after a few wears, plus it had this chemical smell I couldn't get out
Did not fit like the photo shows. It sits on my head very small. The size needs to be spelled out more in the description.
This shirt is so ugly!! Material is spandex?!?!
usps says its delivered, won't provide details, no way to report stolen as its listed as a completed order.
Really wanted to love this hat. But although it's adjustable the snaps are very poor quality and do not stay snapped. I was so disappointed especially knowing it would be used as my boating hat I would easily lose it on the first ride because it does not stay snapped at all.
Arrived ripped and the size is way off.
Not pretty at all. Messy, black design.
Awful quality, fell a apart some of the stitching. Returned it for refund but no refund or replacement yet
I ordered Grey's Anatomy & received this Cherokee brand!
Pieces were broken off before even being shipped. The box was fine and the bag the mask came in had no broken off pieces. But i can tell they broke off because part of the piece was either still there or there was a glob of glue. Also the glue shows all over the mask .
Received wrong product - a dice game instead of the hat.
wrong Dress was sent. No slit and the sleeves are 3/4 length, not full length. I also ordered a small and received a medium. Not even the right brand, tag reads “Got Style”
the striped material was sewn crooked. Cute shirt but poor quality
Shitty product. Get the fucken sizes right you assholes. Waste of time buying this piece of crap. God dammit
I recommend this item but this is not fitted.
Does not look like picture, super cheap!
I love style of the dress but the quality is so bad I can't understand it. One star because I think you have to work real hard to make a dress so poorly sewn together that the seams fall apart like that so easily. the bodice and skirt were nearly completely detached after one gentle wash. I had to hot glue a thin ribbon around the seam to salvage this dress. So annoyed by that. The dress also runs very very large. I use a dress clip to cinch it. And the color bleeds like crazy. Wash very gently in very cold water.
Fell apart the first day I wore it. The whole sleeve unraveled.
Ugly bracelet cheaply made
I washed the jeans one time before wearing. The button fell off. It wasn't snapped together properly.
This shirt fit well but the roses were very blurry. almost like when you take a picture of a picture. I returned this.
GARBAGE!!! One pair arrived with a nice tear already in the material. They pill IMMEDIATELY just while wearing them and it gets worse upon washing regardless of a gentle cycle and avoiding the dryer. ABSOLUTELY WORTHLESS!
Crap stays needed them for the academy kept popping loose during exercise
Nothing like the picture
Not worth getting. Doesn't stick on
The fabric is really cheap, and the dress doesn't stay up right. The bra cups that are sewn in are also small and sit wire in the dress. It caused a line across my chest that just wasn't attractive.
Charged for item but never received it.
I didn't not even wear it regularly for a month and the right pocket zipper fell of,I don't even remember using the zipper to close the pocket
Good color, nice quality, and too small.
Cheap material. Poor craftsmanship in the embroidery details.
I ordered the smallest size but it was too big on me. I am 5 ft 115 120 pounds. The dress was just too big and too long. On someone much taller I'm sure it would look good.
Terrible, don't waste your money. Runs small and I have small hands.
Ordered a xxl fits like a medium.
This shirt didn't fit well at all. It was saggy all through the torso as the elastic was seen only at the bottom and not in the waist. The logo was off center and all at the bottom which continued the awkward look.
These are not the hats we ordered. There is no where that I can return the shower hose and get the hats. Pleas advise
Never received my outfit. Very Disappointed
Pictured tee shirt shows sleeves,as all t shirts have. The shirt that arrived did not have sleeves. It was a sleeveless t shirt. Deceptive advertising? Bad experience.
I never leave reviews but I was So dissapointed I had to leave one. It was not at all the color online made it seem (it is almost white baby blue and the picture made it appear more of a bright easter-like blue/teal). It also came with a Hole down the side seem. Unfortunately I placed an order of two at the same time, and if the next one comes not as expected and riped too I will be even More disappointed. Such a let down.
Very thin material and short. Nothing like what's pictured.
Really cheap quality, come with a rip on the side
The socks while feeling comfortable when wearing, left the deepest and longest lasting mark on my legs of any socks I have ever worn. I am a woman who wears a narrow size 11 shoe. I buy men's socks because they're easy to find rather than a specialty size woman's sock. I am surprised they are men's socks and not boys. They did wash up well and are soft. I think they are a good deal as well. Too bad they left such an alarmingly deep mark. I gave them to the Salvation Army.
I got this item damaged came wet and the dye came threw to all the pices unhappy
Had to return it several times for a close enough fit. A size XXX is actually a large adult size and medium fit around the arm/shoulder area. Finally gave up and got a full refund.
Wig looked horrible for what it costed
This backpack is lovely, but very poorly made. After only 3 weeks of use the top of one strap tore and then the bottom of that shoulder strap came apart completely!
The "portion" that goes inside the wallet ripped in less than a month. Will order from different company next time and will pay more in hopes of better product.
These shirts were WAY too small (like size china) and when I tried to return them, Amazon is telling me they aren't eligible for return.
These were too tight and the elastic was pinch and made the fabric buckle. I tried to wash a couple times to soften but I give up and will accept the loss because I won't wear these even if I run out of clean laundry.
very uncomfortable... :(
After my 1st use, 1 glove fell apart
I liked the feel of the tights. But they started pulling and stretched in the crotch after the first wear. These were for my 5 year old... Inferior product. Don't waste your time on these.
Awful quality. Hood is small. Not satisfied.
Cute outfit worn for a day then seams & elastic were coming apart. Not a well made outfit
The size was not good
My daughter wore these 2 times for a total of 2 hours. I washes them ONCE and they got full of pills and got a hole in the knee. So disappointing.
They took the money from my account i never received it i ordered it several months ago its actually been more than 4 months and when emailing the company no response i have emailed at least three times asking where is my order that i payed for. Totally disgusted can not even get a refund back.
Supposedly NO STAR! The fibers are spreading all over my polo shirt. Very low quality of fabric looks untidy.
ordered a 9-10 for a child who is a 7. It fits as if it is a 7. Shoulder seam unsewn.
What a crappy bra I wish I never would've bought it I ended up throwing it away I bent over one time and both my boobs fell out in front of everybody and I was so humiliated! Crap product do not buy!
Absolutely the ugliest thing I've ever seen! Nothing at all like the picture! It came with LONG sleeves & a ribbon. Dress hits above the knee. Bought for my mother in law's funeral...so disappointed!
Loved the shirt. Fit was as expected, not too tight or loose. First time I wore it, after a few hours, I noticed that there were holes where the stitching was across the front of the shirt. Very disappointed as I really liked the shirt.
For some reason it dint stick on my skin and keep peeling off. I dint even have any moisturizer/lotion in my skin. I tried again by wiping my skin with wet towel and then dried with another clean dry towel. It only stick for few mins and started to come off. Not for me.
I never received this product when it was supposedly left in a secure location when I was the the date and time it was supposedly dropped off. Not sure where my package is but I'd like a refund or just for my package to actually come.
I received an item entirely different than the one I ordered. Different brand, and significantly cheaper than the one listed.
Both antlers fell off twice while driving (rolled down the window partially to allow air in) and had to stop in the road, make a u-turn and pick them up. Installed on the passengers windows instead which seemed to fit better for a few days until I noticed why; the plastic was wedged under the rubber liner of the window and not actually on the window. I just got home and saw one of the antlers fell off somewhere on my drive back from an errand and now I am left with one antler and nose. My kids are so sad. Wouldn't purchase again because despite how cute my van looked for the 4 days I had them, they were always a hassle. :-/
I was really looking forward to getting this hat and I was so let down when I FINALLY did. To be blunt, it's cheap, tacky and clearly not made well. It's about half the size of the picture on the model, it has NO shape whatsoever and to top it off, the top of the hat had a huge hole! On top of the disappointment of the hat being junk, it states it's PRIME and took 4 days to arrive. I hate giving bad reviews but, this hat is beyond bad.
No long enough to tuck into pants and stay tucked in
Lens are super reflective making everything blurry. They do not reduce eye strain, on the contrary, they make it worse. I wouldn't waste your money on these.
Didn't like. Fit like a bag.
Not flattering at all. I received the dress while i was sick in the hospital and came home and didn't have a chance to try it on right away. Too late for me to return but it just wasn't flattering. The cold shoulder part was much too big and the rest of the dress was too small.
I should've known better than to purchase this. It looked cheap and is extremely cheap. The top of the zippered pouch busted open the 3rd time I used it. The worst part is that when folded, that part is upside down which means I can't store anything in that pound anymore. Pretty much rendered it completely useless.
I ordered the grey one first, great fit, material was soft and felt like a good quality. I decided to order the white one also and found it was a different fit, the material was stiff and felt cheap.
The ad said padded sole. Wrong. They are very thin. Not worth the money. Wish I sent them back. I guess they will sit in my drawer a few years until I throw them out.
It looked like it had been previously worn. Most of the curls were brushed out and the area around the back was frizzy and matted. The hair net was in a wad in the bottom of the package. I paid extra to get it in time. Now there are no more available. Disappointing.
Gloves are adorable but upon opening them the bows are all stained. With brown black spots like mold and some pink smudges. These are meant for my niece to wear for her 1st communion and need to be clean. 😥
Ordered this for my son for Halloween. Received a battery pack with the wire cut off and no mask.
way too small. did not cover anything. returned it.
This is made of low quality material....not flattering or very professional. I am not by any means an overweight person and it will not allow me to return the item.....don't buy this item it's a huge waste of money
These socks are less than half the fabric thickness of the previous asics socks I've owned. They will not last more than a month for running.
Bought for a s tay in the hospital. Couldn't use.
Ran very small. I am a size 14 I purchased a xxl and it was still very small. I returned the item for size and material. It was a very weird plastic material.
These are very low rise, and made in Pakistan, fairly poor quality seams. I can't help but worry about the sweatshop workers that made these clothes. They are semi stiff fabric and just not comfortable.
I ordered these and they never came, damaged in transit
The material is fine the craftsmanship is not . Shirts are falling apart. Poorly sewn and incompletely sewn. Don't buy. u get what u pay for
that's not what I expected . and it is very small, it has no pockets, very expensive for how little it is. It looks like a doll backpack.
The original date to be delivered was before Christmas and they ended up coming late, the day after. Also, when we finally received them on Wednesday, there were 2 Do not disturb socks instead of one that said I'm playing fortnite. There is a no return policy on this item and I could not find a way to contact the seller.
This is just like a moisturizing lotion. It smells really good but didn't change color at all
Receive the wrong size. Nowhere like a dress does it fit. Beware of the seller they claim they've issued me a refund and they have not issued it I've waited over a week and a half and they claim that it was a full refund beware of this one.
it looks cheap in person
Size marked as 36 x 30 but the product was smaller...
I ordered a xl and it fit like a size small. My son's girlfriend could wear it and she is a small.
I read the reviews and it said it would fit the onsies I have and nope they dont and are not eligible for return.
This dress is cute but very misleading. They shouldn't offer a dress on a thin model and say they provide 2xl. The dress size was fine but the cut was funky. And they don't offer returns in full. Only to keep the item and give a 10% discount if we want to pursue the return. If that doesn't work, you will be refunded after shipping it back to china and paying more shipping without reimbursement. All from china.
These are horrible. I've had the X- temp many times before and I love them. These are seriously uncomfortable! Material is completely different. Too tight, rough and scratchy. Do not stretch like the old ones. Stay away from these!
Absolutely fucking embarrassing. If I was the seller of this product I would be to embarrassed to sell it. I'm a licensed cosmetologist and I would never recommend this to anyone especially my clients. Followed the directions that came with the product and everything and they just fell apart. Completely embarrassing
This is cheap material and it definitely doesn't look like the picture at all. But I guess that's what you get for buying cheap. I would love a refund but Amazon wants me to return this cheap jacket/windbreaker whatever it is, problem is I no longer have it, I throw it to the trash. Shame on you Amazon, why would you let sellers like them offer their products through such a great company.
Was disappointed that I did not receive the color I ordered.
It is see through even though it says it isn't. They don't stretch and they are way too small. I got an xl and they get stuck around my calves. Maybe if they actually stretched like they're suppose to they would be able to fit properly but they don't.
Nice shirt. But on one sleeve their was a hole and front of the shirt was too lose. Not what I expected
Loved the look of the product but the mesh ripped on the first wear
I finally got this package that was supposed to be here a month ago, and inside I found a small baggie of white powder. It has leaked out of the bag and onto the slime container. I'm just glad I opened it before my kids could!
Too short!!!! Also, cheap!!! I only wore it once in public. It was Christmas Eve at church. I felt really uncomfortable in it. So, I think I gave it to goodwill.
This was marked xl but it's actually an extra small. Very disappointing.
I have had been buying spanx before anyone ever heard of them. I am so dissapointed now of the quality. I have warn about 4 times . Hand washed , line dried and they have completely disintegrated at the seams . Just terrible. My spanx I have owned for 5 years have held up better then what I have owned for 1 month.
I never received the product that I ordered. Paid extra for 2 day shipping and didn't receive it and package was lost. This is why I gave a 1 Star Rating.
This is a joke. The dress has no shape, completely see through and just not worth mentioning. It will go to my 11 yr old as a night shirt.
I never received the product. They sent me a different dress! 🙁
Ii wanted a white sheath, and this one looked as if it might be adequate. I did not like the material, the style, or the fit! I would not recommend this dress at all. I want to return it but I am having difficulty doing that. As many things as I purchase from Amazon. I am very unhappy that I cannot return this dress. I tried to call several weeks ago to obtain a return label, and I got someone on the phone who appeared to me to be a scam person. He said I should go a purchase a gift card and then someone from AMazon would come to my house and retrieve the dress and leave a dress of my choice!!!! Amazon, your telephone number has been compromised! Meanwhile I have a dress that I do not want! Ii think we need to talk!!!
Not true to size, poor quality
I was sent 1 black docker pants - wrong brand - the other pair of haggar slacks(blue) fits great, I am giving the others (black dockers) away to charity
Ordered this dress for family photos, and was pretty disappointed in the color. I ordered the light wash, which in the choices was lighter than the other option in the photo, but was not this light. I ordered just in time for our family photos, so it will have to do, but not at all thrilled on the color ☹️
It is not what I expected. too small for a large size.
They fit like factory rejects.
Does the job. Quality not the best
Ordered 3X. Fits like a XL. Save your money. These are a waste. Will be returning.
this belt I never received never deliverd
Meh, did not like the material and was too small...returned.
Sent back. So big I got lost in it.
Chest and waist is Very big, material is good. I will have to get it altered
The quality of the costume is horrible and is nothing like the picture. I couldn't return it because it was for a Halloween group and I didn't have time to order another one on time.
Before I had a chance to wear, the small buttons on glove, covers started popping off.
Loved the look of these shoes, but after a few wearings and two replacements, they began fraying at the top elastic band, or the cork trim around the sole began flaking off. Too bad...they're so cute.
I ordered mediums because I am U.S size 7-8 these were mediums but would fit maybe somebody that's a 0-1 U.S size.
Tight? They strangled my leg even when I pushed them down to my ankle.
Was initially super excited to receive these. When I received with the first wearing a button popped off and one of the sets has a different sizes on each foot. Not happy with the purchase at all.
strap was broken. Had to return
Nowhere near the color depicted online.
Fits like a child size shirt
Very thin socks. Two out of my six pairs ripped in the toe after one wear.
Bought a pink cap. The hat appears to have been made with too much fabric, front sides of hat near the bill are too loose and stick out. Tried to return but the seller doesn't accept returns. Buyer beware
The company should pay the shipping costs when returning an item if the item is not was ordered.
I wear a size 16 I ordered an xl they wouldn't even go up my thighs!!! I do not recommend.
runs easy and are extremely uncomfortable!
Wore them once and they already have holes in the butt.
I was fussing with them and I was super uncomfortable with the shape they made my boobs look.
The charity pink was so hot I could not even look at it. When I put it on it gave me a headache. Plus the fabric was thin and flimsy. Also wrinkled.
Don't be fooled by the description, these came in a bag that said only; made in China. No label anywhere on the bag or the product itself to say what material it is, let alone to say that it's organic or gots certified. They smell straight out of the bag and they do not feel like cotton. Do not buy if you're looking for organic or gots certified organic cotton!
Distorts view. What I view with these attached is slightly blurred. Difficult to attach without contacting the lenses. Do not purchase.
I followed the size chart and it was way too small. Useless. I don't even think the next size up would be adequate. Terrible product information. Sized for teens not adults?
I have been desperately looking for a dress in this style that is ACTUALLY a polyester spandex blend, as I have several dresses made of this combination that have lasted forever and wash really well. However, the dress I received is made of 95% RAYON and 5% spandex (this is stated on the tag). Based on my experience with previous dresses made of a rayon spandex combo, this tends to be an unpleasantly clingy material that doesn't drape well, tends to get holes, and pills after a few washes. I tried this dress on, and as with other dresses I've had made of this material, it clings in a very unflattering way. I will be returning this dress and I'm very disappointed. I wish Amazon would make an effort to verify product descriptions!!!
No fleece in sight or inside. Felt is the lining. Will go back to Walmart and order from them. Fleece lining for this product is a whole lot warmer. Disappointed. Will look into returning this item but it isn't worth postage or restocking fee nor the time involved in rewrapping and the trip to the post office if I have to pay to return it. Bot the same labeled item from Walmart and it was faux fleece lined as advertised. Feel write up on this item in Amazon is misleading since the lining is felt.
I'm returning it. The hat itself is made of cheap VERY thin material, not what anyone would expect in a baseball cap. Then what worse...the lettering is AWFUL!!! The stitches are so skimpy that you can see the cap through the threads. I've asked to a refund. They asked for a review. Guess they should have just given me my refund. I certainly don't want their hat. It's rude to hats.
Cheap made in China garbage Fabric so paper thin and flimsy. Returned. Made in China garbage.
IT'S A SCAM!!!Don't buy it.They will only get your money.I have been waiting so long and never received the dress.Amazon gave me the bad news that I was scamed from them.
Didn't work, had to purchased different ones
To short in under arms
These are very comfy BUT I can't stand to wear them. The chemical on them smells horrible!!! I have washed them 3 times and can still smell it. I've soaked them in vinegar and washed them after and the smell remains. I'm afraid I'm going to just have to throw them in the garbage because I can't get the smell of whatever dye or chemical they used out of them. *Update: I soaked them overnight in baking soda and essential oil and washed them again! The smell still persisted. Ending up having to throw them in the garbage. I'm very upset I had to just throw these away and missed the return window.
I got the biggest size just in case cause my child wears L so I got XXL but was waaayyy too small
Zipper wouldn't unzip and broke soon as out of package. Cheap.
I bought this as an Xmas gift and it arrived after Xmas. The main issue was that they sent me a Star Wars shirt in a size L, didn't even order that size or that shirt. Not the kingdom hearts shirt that is seen on the image. Disappointed.
The holes do not even come close to where a womans nipples would be. Would not recommend unless your nipples are on top of your boobs and point directly at the ceiling.
I did not get charged, but never received!
Didn't fit like expected
The top barely covered anything...not the same dress as the picture
I never received item. Once Amazon was notified, I received an immediate refund. Thanks Amazon.
No stretch at all. Did not fit- way too small!
I ordered a large for my maltipoo. This is like xxs. Very disappointed. Can't trust the seller or product description.
This dress is very poorly made
I didn't like it at all!! Not at all what the picture showed
I bought this because the wig bothers my head sometimes and I lost my hair due to medication and people make fun of me and unfortunately this product is garbage it rips it's not it's way too big. it's like wearing a ski mask in a robber you know it's flimsy it's cheap it's like cheap nylon pantyhose it's not worth the money it's a rip off
This seller never sent sweater, and did not respond to my question regarding this. I had to request refund from Amazon. I don't recommend buying anything from this seller.
I washed and dried this shirt 1 time (on medium settings) and it now has a hole in it. So cheap.
This shirt is poor quality and not size fitting. Super sad!
This is a pretty undergarment, but I was looking for something to smooth lines underneath a fitted dress. This has too many bumps & bulges due to seams.
As for delivery- it was great. Fast and came before my granddaughter arrived. I helped her put it on and the zipper would only go so far down. Then took it off and unzipped it but with difficulty. Put it on her and the zipper popped. My granddaughter is petite and the size is good except for that . She was so sad that she didn't get to wear it. Very poor zipper. Was not happy that my granddaughter didn't get to wear and enjoyed it.
Did not recieve my product
I have used these for years but the tack was brass or bronze the ones I received this week are aluminum and after 8 failures I ordered carhart buttons to replace them so far the carhart are way better
Sent back. Really unflattering no shape.
Very disappointed these were way to small.. Sizing so off base.I couldn't even get it over my little girls head! Wish I never bought them! sad thing is I bought 4 or 5 of these & I wasted my money just in shipping since these were not expensive!! I will not buy any of yours again!
Returned 3 pair in 1 pkg. Only received refund for 2 or. Not happy
I was excited to receive this wristlet / wallet & upon opening found it had some type of glue stuck to the exterior & one of the zippers gets hung up and makes it difficult to zip. I am returning & do not recommend this item for purchase.
pants were super long had to return them they should have been small L
I would not recommend this dress, the top part is shaped for a child even with a XL and the dress is see through, threads hanging loose and fabric is paper thin, it would have been a beautiful dress if better planing in the pattern was put into consideration, also youll need to wear another bra/top underneath it does not cover the boobs at all
It was not the size indicated, and then when I wanted to return the item. They wouldn't allow me to return it, and they were only going to pay me back have the cost of the item
Was supposed to be silver, ended out getting brass. Seller says all products are fulfilled be Amazon and to get a hold of them..... this wouldn't happen on eBay, I think I'll stick with them from now on
Never received this product
I ordered a short sleeve with shorts and I got lang sleeves with long pants
Save your money. Buy a box of cracker jacks and maybe there's sunglasses in there. These are worth $5 bucks at best.
Came unglued just opening the package
Sizing was inaccurate. Despite ordering according to measurements it's so small it's painful
doesn't fit my but slides down as well..and im tiny and decently built lol..so there is no reason why these shouldn't fit!! waste of money
Bought this as a Christmas gift, and the butt zipper went off the tracks on first use: bad purchase. Poor quality.
The product was lost and never arrived, can I get a refund?
Product fit like it was made for A child, not A grown up!
Should be 0 star! Wore shirt for the 1st time today. Fabric immediately separated in multiple places. Very disappointed that its now past the return window and im stuck with a defective shirt that hasnt even been washed once. DO NOT ORDER!!
It was so short. Not like the picture at all.. very frustrating.
I ordered white. After I opened package I realized you sent me black. Can't return because it is opened. Very disappointed.
When I received the dress, I automatically noticed how small it was. It looked like a little girl's dress. It was so tiny. I was disappointed because it was so pretty but since it didn't fit whatsoever, I sent it back right away.
I ordered the free size. I'm a size 8. It was so small I had my teen try it on. She's a size 00 and this dress barely fit.
I was uncomfortable. Felt like a band-aid. Fabric doesn't breath well. It was heavy. The sizing is not accurate.
Not comfortable at all.
Flimsy and cheap fabric poorly made started unraveling within 20 minutes.Slip with dress to small and does not stay put
Don't know ! Have not received this product , waaaay overdue .
They are way to big on me. Looks like a dress on me, my wife's words. Return window closed, can't return them
I love the dress but it too small Very disappointed 😌
The quality of this shirt was very poor. I bought it for my cousin for a funeral and ended up disregarding it. Very disappointed
I ordered these Aug. 26. Today is Oct. 10 and they still have not arrived. Updates keep pushing delivery date back. I think the hair will have regrown by the time these get here.
I did not receive! Was to be sent to Ray, MI and UPS says delivered to another city! So Upset! HELP! No contact information anywhere for me to track. UGH!
The box was ragged and part of the belt was ripped off
AWFUL! I was hopeful with the reviews that this would work but it was too small and SO awkward. DOES NOT look like the picture.
The socks are fine for the price, but it would be nice if I actually received a 12 pack. I received an 11 pack and one single sock with no match ☹️. Booo.
Its not small or big. It just fits awkward. Its like a piece of cardboard on your head. Dont buy it
Not heavyweight at all
I am so disappointed. This shirt is supposed to be neon pink and it doesn't even come close. It is really ugly. It doesn't look like the picture at all. I need it for school on Friday, so I don't have enough time to order anything else.
It is not true to size
Looked nothing like the picture. Very plastic. Returned for a refund and never got it. I'll only buy “prime” from now on.
Fabric is extremely thin. Would need a full body slip and shape wear to not see bra/underwear lines as plain as day.
When I received the package, there was nothing in box. Thankfully Amazon's customer service was able give a full refund on my purchase.
Did not look like the picture at all
Terrible quality, terrible collar. After one wear and one wash the collar is already stretched out and pulling around the neck line. Easily the worst undershirt I've ever purchased.
After reading reviews, I thought I would order 2 sizes up. Normally I'm a L/XL, so I purchased a 2X figuring it would fit! To my surprise, the shirt was way too small. It fits my sister who is a size small. The material was not cotton as I thought, but 95% spandex. I'm very disappointed as the shirt is very cute. Instead of returning it, I gave it to my sister. I would recommend ordering 3 or more sizes up from what you normally wear.
Locker Was full had to Cancel
These are awful quality. I bought 2 pairs and have already washed them and wore 1 of them. The one I wore is already damaged just from wearing it this one time
This bag is so cute! It's such a shame it smells terrible. I tried everything to get the smell out and nothing worked. I ended up getting rid of it because it smelled so bad. I definitely wasn't going to put food in. Waste of money.
3M tape did not hold. It did not firmly stick to the back of my case and it kept sliding off
might as well go barefoot!
I did not like the fit it does not tuck the tummy in
To small not true to size
Bulky on the shoulders like a football player and straight cut. Not slimming or shapely
Ladies this did not give me the lift as advertised. It has a sticky material that did not work. It kept coming off. I am a 38D. I ordered the XL. Don't waste your money if you have large breast
I ordered these gloves because product description said that they worked with touch screen phones. As soon as I received the package I took them out of the box and tried with my iPhone. They would not work on my phone.
Picture does NOT look like product. Same picture but cheap ink was used a s it looks blurry. Ive gotten better products even cheaper than this and they look a million times better.
Never got product. Contacted seller and never heard back from them. Going to report to amazon
I can't explain why on a size 3X shirt they have tight & restrictive arms. Did they think large men have skinny arms? If so, they would be wrong. The arms have a cuff that uncomfortable pinches at the upper arm. And it's not as if I am muscular such as to have huge arms. I have never found this problem on any other shirt before. As for the rest of the shirt, it's on the large side, if not too large. I will likely have to return it, due to how big it is. 3X is my normal size, but there is no uniformity in size definitions I have founds such that I can fit into some things that are XL, other items that are 2X, and yet other times I need a 3X. Buying clothing should not be like gambling in Vegas. You should know what you are getting with a given size, but clothing makers seem to want you to be surprised. I am not amused by their mystery sizes where I could be anything between XL & 3X.
Does not minimize at all
Item is great for a costume or for a photo shoot, but not intended to keep your head warm... very low-quality item and fabric.
I didn't have time to replace this prior to the rehearsal or wedding or I would have but it had 3 areas of where the material had pulled apart and I had to try to fix it or hide the areas as best I could. So I'm not giving any stars quality was poor
I have 2 other pairs same size fit perfect these were way too small
it says delivered but we never receive the item.
This mask smells so bad like chemicals that I am not sure my son can wear it. We are trying to soak it in soap and water, but this is very disappointing. I would not recommend.
I NEVER REC'D THESE ITEMS EMAILED VENDOR AND NEVER HEARD BACK.
In the picture it appears longer. The material is cheap as well.
They are lightweight and cool. However, with the seam down the back and high sides they are crack crawlers. Also having a seam up the front middle is not great design for comfort. I guess I will have to toss mine... :(
Dont do it! It does not hold up long. Put it on and in 5 mins I was lopsided and looking goofy
If this is a large, then I am huge! It won't even go all around me, and the fabric is very cheap. I will not reorder for a different size, it is not worth the money. Terrible
Well there's nothing for me to really even say about the product. It never came. I ordered it on February 18th and it's april 2nd today which it's been a while. I emailed them a while ago, never answered. I just emailed again, don't know if they're gonna answer or not. My shipping number was expired a long time ago. And it never updated besides on February 18th it said it was shipped. And I haven't gotten my refund.
I got this dress in small, it's beautiful ... but it was too tight for me around my hips, this is not a surprise ... when I buy online it happens. So, I decided to return and I DID!!! The company refunded me before getting the product that I greatly appreciated it... The problem is, for some reason, they didn't receive the item and now they want to charge me. I just want to understand it ... because somebody scanned the barcode to mail it to them, how they don't thrust me?! I'm very upset because I may not have any proof anymore, the only one that exists they already had.
Did nothing for my shape at all. I just put it in the Goodwill box. Very disappointed
I wanted the 505 jeans and I was sent the loose fitting 550 jeans. The picture looks like the slim fit, but they were not. Couldn't exchange because there was no option. Sent them back and bought the correct jeans on e-bay.
Poor quality, bottoms are loose, sizes are to small.
I guess this company sends whatever they want...
Not at all the pants that were pictured. Crappy substitute
I bought these insoles after testing them out from a local boutique running shop near me. I found the price to be cheaper on amazon which I am realizing is most likely the reason why they don't feel the same or look the same on the bottom. I don't think this product is authentic and would highly recommend purchasing it from an authorized seller or in person!
This product arrived damaged. The box it came in was perfectly fine, but the tip of the right ear was broken off.
The item never arrive I want a refund
Only received one crown with a tag attached that said sold as set.
It is a shiny pink and white.( I ordered orange) Doesn't look like pic at all. Doesn't button and looks like something a mom would sew from a pattern in the 80's.
This looks like someone tried to paint a plastic belt. Do not buy , no matter how cheap. It's crap.
Waay too thing: got a hole on the 1st wear. Update: degraded to 1 star. These are meant for ONE time use. Second time of use was the last time for ,literally, every one of them.
Size is way too small
Suspenders arrived with broken clips, it was obvious it was shipped like that, who would do that ?
I don't like to leave negative reviews, but this shirt arrived with a huge hole in the seam of one of the sleeves.
Terrible fit in bust area; not flattering at all. Even more horrible experience with seller. Only buy if you already are familiar with dress and it's fit on your body type. Otherwise avoid.
They sure look nice in the picture, but are a wrinkled ugly mess and so wide in the leg.. I thru mine away.
Doesnt hang like in the picture. The top part doesnt hang past the shoulders! And way too small. The largest size they have, which is what I bought, is equivalent to US size 6. Very misleading. Disapointed.
I ordered the comfort flex jeans (they have a stretchy waistband) The ones I received were not the right ones. That's what I get for ordering clothes off the internet. Next time I will just buy at the store!
Hard to get over head, bib portion too small....Not happy with it but I can make them do. Made in China...had I known that was were they were coming from I would ot have purchased them!
Didn't fit as expected in picture
I followed the size chart, and it's about a whole size too big for me :(
I want to make clear this is a review of the product not the seller. Although the description was inaccurate,that may have been a simple oversight as the blend of cotton to polyester in these socks was at one time true. I ordered these because they were described as cotton socks being primarily cotton with a lesser amount of polyester in the material. I thought this to be true as I had purchases them before from a retail store and was looking for an exact replacement. I hate how polyester socks feel on my feet. When I got the product, it is now a primarily polyester fabric with a lesser amount of cotton(in the 30% area if I remember right)making them polyester socks not cotton. I dont know why Hanes and Fruit of the Loom have stopped making cotton tube socks but it is really irritating. I am having no luck finding a suitable, quality replacement. To Amazon's credit they are paying the shipping for me to return them due to the inaccurate description which likely came from the manufacturer changing the blend without any more notice than the small fine print description on the back of the package stating the blend
The actual product was fine. It was for a gift and the packaging is so awful there's no way I could give it. The box they came is is bent and dirty. It looks used. I'm extremely disappointed.
I'm a size 6 in misses sizes, 9 or 11 in juniors, and the size L was too small. Ordered an XL, so we will see when it arrives.
This is the worst hat ever, I have an average size head and it is WAY too small, it doesn't even fit my 9 year old daughter!!! I bought it a couple of months ago but did not try it on until now, now it is too late to return. You should be ashamed of yourselves!!!!
Size wasn't listed on order, I assumed it was a medium or large since it said women. When received it was more like a child size, I gave it to my niece. Still a cute top though
Did not help belly flatten as advertised.
No support whatsoever in the breast area
way to small so the size is off and it's so wrinkled
First of all, I really like the beanie! Wore it twice, washed it, and the stitching has already came apart :( I washed it with two tshirts, so it wasnt the laundry that caused it. Sad, because I really like this beanie and have another one in orange! Now I am scared to wash it for fear it will get ruined. :(
Missing half the costume and it is too small.
The quality is too poor, Looks like it was used several times before
I think it is poorly made and makes me look like a box
Says it was delivered 3 weeks ago and still no sign of it. And there's also no way to contact the seller as their company does not except emails. I hope the shipping and delivery information was wrong because I ordered this well over a month ago
Never got the product
Very small around the chest and arms, but the sleeves are long in length.
ordered size 34. waaaaay too big. easily a 36 or 38. not even close to 34. waited a week for this garbage.
The fan broke and stopped working after a couple of uses, its junk
Horrible quality, nothing like the picture.
Initial appearance was nice but within a month the surface veneer peeled & the belt frayed. Very poor quality.
Runs ways too small and shrink after washing
Not a typical Medium. Very disappointed
Beware! The pants are very short and my shipment came without the belt altogether. I am producing a senior retirement community show with a star wars sketch and the costuming is vitally important. Very disappointed.
Buckle broke first time using them!
I just received this leggings. i wore them twice. Put them in the washer and they came out with several holes. Poor quality!
The picture shows the jewel detail as crystals , but in reality it is cheap gray beads. Disappointing-no sparkle. :(
I wanted to like this item but when I received it looked fine,then when I went to iron it for a wedding (the reason I bought it) I found that it had a runner or blemish in the material right down the middle.By then it was too late to return for another.
Terrible quality, the mesh ripped on both arms the 2nd time I wore it. Honestly it could have done it the first time but I noticed it halfway through the day. So sad because I did love it on but what a waste of money.
I thought that it would cover my entire waist area like it shows in the picture, but it's too short and as such gets very painful throughout the day. I am actually not very happy.
These embroidered sock have the thread inside sock and very rough to my flat feet. Had rubbed raw spots after one day
Much too large for newborn will try again when she's a few months old.
I wore the grey pair before I noticed the very unprofessional stitching in the front left seam....for the price not acceptable...please advise
Do not buy!!! Small, see through, and way too may puff balls. The model must be a very, very petite model.
They don't send your stuff....it has been 4 months since my order was placed.
The jeans are adorable, but too small (not a true size?). Also, I do not understand why my refund is less than I paid for it?? I paid $26.99 & I am being refunded less. Why??
Absolutely not stainless steel.
To long by 12 inches
This buckle is NOT made of a copper, but from a rusted metal. hence, this item is being returned
Looks cute on amazon but not on me- made me look like I was just wearing a curtain. =( No more ordering clothes from amazon.
Very thin material and very cheap zipper.
Stabs you in the eye balls. Can't see out of it. Don't bother getting it, you won't wear it for more than a second just to take a pic.
I never received it disappointed
I just pulled the jacket out of the box, l quickly noticed stitching hanging loose and a button missing. The right side pocket button was in the bag it arrived in. Very disappointing.
I bought these socks to use as covers for my son's neck collar as he's disabled. This one arrived with a hole in it. I'm unable to return as it's outside the window. This was a Christmas present in his stocking. We didn't need to use till now as there were two other pairs that were fine. I'm very disappointed.
Sizing is horrible. Extremely small and doesn't look anything like picture! So disappointed.
leaves hair stiff and unnatural looking like you waxed your hair. would give it zero stars if possible
I've ended up putting these socks in the garbage. They do NOT stay up. When wearing them I had to frequently stop, remove my shoe and put them back over my heel because they constantly slipped and bunched up under my arch. Definitely NOT a good product
Idk how anyone hasn't complained about the quality of these socks. The are NOT. Knee high and they don't ever have a fitted cut. Waste
Shame on me for not reading the fine print that this is a wool blend, but I sincerely doubt there is any wool in this at all. Feels and smells like pure acrylic. Other reviewers have definitely received 100% acrylic caps based on the tags. My tags say blend but I don't buy it.
Waist was fine, but the length was ridiculous.
the shrug fit well but the material was very casual.
When I received it, it was very flimsy and cheaply made. It looked like a doll outfit and the lil tutu in the back was not so tutu. It was ugly.
Wow! An $8 sweater with a $39.99 shipping fee!! Careful with your purchase.
The belt they sent has a different buckle then what's in the picture and the buckle was broken when it arrived!
Not sure what they were going for with this fit...baggy front and back
They may have been very cute but the packaging was terrible and came crushed. The glasses were bent I sent them back and let the seller know. They never responded.
There is hardly any padding in the bottom and they are already tearing apart on the soles and they are not that old. I never wear them outside so would not buy again
Ordered xl, And it was way too small (medium or smaller), then ordered a xxxl because of the disparity in size with first order, and it was an actual xxxl. Huge shirt. Also the shirts were made of different material with the xxxl being a thicker material, and the supposed xl thin material.
Labeled as one size fits all but I was sent a small. No options for size offered. Was returned
I normally wear a 16-18 too bout a 2xl because it said they run small and they weren't kidding. I should have read the sizing chart more carefully. I would have had to get the 4 x to fit 16-18.
very loose and didn't keep things in place
I ordered a large the first time and it fit like a medium. i'm top heavy and wanted something lose. I returned and orderd XL and it fit even smaller. I bought the same top in white in XL and it fit perfect. Not sure why the black fit so small.
Definitely not unisex! I bought an XL for my husband and it's actually XS!
We didn't get the stocks. So now we have the shoes and the cover of the shoes without the docks
You charged me for a quantity 2 but only 1 was in the package. Thin is after waiting 3 months for a prime order
this is not olive green...not even close. I did not expect an expensive skirt but this is really bad
It's cute material is not so good when I got it in the mail it had a hole in it
doesn't run according to size very small, and the material doesn't stretch much
The fit is too big and came with a smell I cannot get rid of no matter how many washes. It smells like a tire. My husband says it smells like urine. Not pleased with this order and will most likely donate this nasty piece of fabric.
Know when you order to go 3 sizes up. I ordered 8-10. For a size 10. Should have ordered 14.
It was waaay too long. Fit great otherwise. Extremely wrinkled so that should be fun getting addressed. Dry Clean? Hopefully that works because ironing it is just simply not an option. I am 5”1 and do not suggest wearing this for any other reason than a photo shoot.
this dress is awful, I immediately returned. the material is cheap and feels like a dish cloth, see through and paper-like. disappointed as the style is cute.
The padding inside of the burp cloth itself forms a ball after being washed so they do not flatten out pretty. They are nice patterns but unless you plan to air dry they are totally not worth the price!
to small i didn't like it
Not even close to knee high. Wayyyy too small. I'll be giving them away
I purchased wavy they sent me straight :( with a dent in them that I cnt heat iron straight. Idk what to do :( I am sad I want to return them:(
I never received my dress email the 1000 times still never received money or email back Do NOT ORDER FROM THESE PPL
I never received these items, the seller shipped it to PA. I live in Arkansas, I sent 3 emails asking her for assistance and no response. Finally contacted amazon and they refunded money.
I bought two pairs of these shorts and initially was planning on returning both. I didn't love the way they flared out on me, but then I decided to keep them both because they were so comfortable for lounging or running errands. When I went to wear the purple pair for the first time, I noticed a rip in the material. Very disappointing.
Dull colors and NOT a pocket!! As it states!! Its all a print!!...terrible advertising!
Way to big. Inaccurate size chart. I'm so incredibly sick of 'smalls' actually being 'mediums'.
Holy adhesive, Amazon shopper!! These are made for smaller breasted women who aren't overtly attached to their skin. They give ZERO support, but they will stick to you F-O-R-E-V-E-R. Don't place it incorrectly (so your nipple misses that spot), cause you might just lose the nip. And that 'nip safety zone' is only about the size of a quarter. If you have bigger nipples, I can only imagine what ouch you're in for when removing.
Does not seem like the Holloway product I'm use too. Seems to be a knock off. A real piece of crap. First time washing it multiple seems came undone. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Thin material. Might be ok for sleeping but that's it.
Buyer beware, runs small, does not offer free returns as item states and you have to send back to China.
I ordered this for my daughter's dedication. I was disappointed when it arrived with thread strands all over the arms and a seam legit hanging off of the hem at the bottom. Poor quality and it was returned.
My son got this jacket for Christmas. It lasted 2 1/2 weeks and the zipper fell apart. Contacted Under Armor and they don't reply. Disappointed
Beautiful socks but see photo. Wearing it for the first time. Two others are falling apart after being washed.
I did not know how to send this item back. So I donated it to Goodwill.
I ordered a L/XL for.my daughter's birthday and was so excited that they came way before but they look like a double 0 they are so tiny..😑
I tried the shirt on. The fit was excellent and I decided to keep it. But, the hem of the shirt failed when we washed it prior to wearing the shirt for even the first time. We're sending the shirt back.
Not stretchy at all, if you have any kind of curves at all it won't fit. Size would be XS if there were a size. Also very see through.
Still haven't received yet don't buy anything from this seller
Don't like the way they fit.
I bought this size large sweater for a party, and it looks like it'll fit my little sister. The colors are nice though.
I did not receive the product that I ordered. I've been trying for weeks to get a replacement or be refunded of my 💰. I have purchased a couple of different colors of this same product and from you, and was very satisfied.
I was so excited about this boots and they arrived defective!!! They are so cute and It would it be perfect if they were not broken. It is So disappointed one of them is unglued so I need to take it to the shoe hospital. Why the packers don't check they are go to go?
Ran way smaller than expected.
The socks I received were completely different than the socks pictured. They all have stupid phrases on them and ugly patterns. So annoyed.
These are both too short, too sheer and have a funny gusset in the crotch. The waistband just sort of ends with no actual elastic so they don't stay up. Sadly, I wore them to work but will run out to buy a new pair cause it's too cold to go without tights. Don't buy these. I am 5' 10" and 170 so a L/XXL should be fine but these are crap. I may send them back or ask for a refund because they suck.
Never received this item. Contacted seller and did not receive a reply.
This does not give any support. I am a size C and not that big. The glue is super sticky. I almost ripped my skin trying to take it off.. does absolutely nothing for me other then ripping my skin when trying to take it off.
Very poor quality and not sized appropriately. Will not order again from this supplier.
Do not waste your time! These are tablecloths with strings attached. I am returning these.
really nice fabric, but connection to glasses broke on first use, and then 2x the first day (with spares)
These socks are too small for the size shown on the pack.Im size 10 and they are too tight.
Just way too large. Returned
Going to return it. Very thin. Not good quality.
I received womens socks instead of mens. They were meant to be a gift, and are non returnable....
Stretched out of shape quickly and material pilled up instantly with any rubbing then worse after washing.
One of the straps for the garter belt was broken when i received it
This was cheap material and did not fit well at all.
Overall the shirt was very cute but it was huge! I ordered a medium and it swallowed me
Only buy these if you don't have an ass at all.
Incredibly small. I went up two sizes and I could barely fit it over my chest. The straps are also very short so they put a lot of strain on my shoulders/neck. This is not for larger chests.
Didn't like these. The khaki colored pants are see-through and the fabric is very rough. Although they may soften with washing, I'm returning.
Wayyy small.. normally wear a lg to xl... this didnt even go around my body
Raggedy. Wasn't true to shape. Was more like a beanie
Very cheap feeling and is a very large small.
Very oversized. I have a 42 inch waist so I bought XL. I could stretch the belt out to fit 2 of me. Absolutely useless in keeping my pants up.
What i saw was a disappointment. Item was cheaply made and not one i would reccomend. The arms are poorly sewn and out of line. Rather than return it i will see if it will fit on my daughter's chihuahua. I will not purchase dog clothes any more.
Was sent a completely different dress.
Didn't like it. Way too thin, literally see through, short on ankles.
I did not get the item
Does not look like shown in person.
I never received it / it was empty box I received ❗️
I wear a size large and I ordered a med/large and they didnt fit so sadly I will be returning them. Not happy.
Beautiful but the sizes are too small
One size does NOT fit all. I'm a size 14, these would fit a person up to around a size 8-10.
Sent it back. Not worth it just smoothed everything.
I ordered the socks, waited 6 days, and received light-up Uber sign instead. Huh?!?
Way too small, I couldn't believe it was an XL when I took them out of the package and they definitely were not to say the least. Highly disappointed.
Way more small then lead on to be. Nice material a little thick. Probably donate to the thrift store.
It did not come with the belt and it's shorter than I expected highly disappointed
Bought the navy blue it fit as expected except it was not the colour as advertised it was a washed blue and it look as though it had been worn. Bought the black and burgundy previously and they looked and fit perfectly, kind of disappointed though cause I wanted to try other colours now I not so sure.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. It comes from China so it takes forever to receive your package. i got the sweater and have tried for a month to return it but the seller will not approve my request and not respond to any of my e-mails. worst customer service. expect to not be able to return this item if it ends up not working out.
Ordered a large. Ran very short, I'm 5'10” and my butt hangs out. Missed the return window and now am stuck with a dress that doesn't fit. Don't order if your tall or want to keep a cute dress classy and not flash everyone..
It didn't have the compression aspect as described. They fit like regular work out capris with no support.
I give one star. I wore this scarf once and it shedded all over my clothes and my workplace. I won't wear it again and I'm disappointed because it is cute and great for the cold weather.
I thought the sweater was great until the seam completely came apart while i was at work!!!
too big. but looks okay on the right size.
These show with every pair of shoes I have tried then with. They have seams on the toes which make them uncomfortable.
Not a fan. Wanted to like these leggings so much, but they are WAY too small based off their sizing chart and quite see-through. I had to squeeze myself into these and tore a hole in the seam while putting them on for the first time. Expensive leggings for not even being able to wear them. Disappointing.
I bought this dress in black and white stripes and it was cute. Ordered the same dress in red and white stripes and it is awful. The material is not the same as the black and white - clingy and thin.
So I have had them for less than 6 months and most of them are now in the Trash. They do not no last. They have no elastic in the bands. Do not buy these.
thin material and i suggest getting 2 sizes bigger than you normally wear
I was overcharged for the purchase and charged for shipping, despite it being eligible for Prime. I contacted Amazon via chat, and was assured that the seller would contact me within 24-48 hours with the refund for the overcharges. This hasn't happened. There has been no refund made to my account. The takeaway from this-sellers can change prices and there is no recourse for buyers. This is against the law-an advertised price is the legal price. Amazon's size may ultimately mean that they can't insure fair and legal business practices.
It's a blanket with sleeves. No structure to it, not a jacket at all.
Barely came over my butt
I read all the reviews and thought, “How had could it be?” It was terrible. The color was off and the stitching look like a total hack job. I would not recommend this dress at all. Maybe I just got the unlucky one out of the bunch or Amazon has people make up positive reviews so that you'll buy it.
First of all, it's really big. The back looks ok but really baggy. The front looks like a square piece of fabric covering your chest and arms. I ordered a small and it is just really square and baggy.
I ordered these trunks for my husband for Easter, he normally wears a large in speedo, so I didn't think this would be a problem. When he tried it on, they were HUGE!!! He blooms out like a balloon!!!! I wanted to return and exchange for a medium, but I see that Amazon has closed the return window and now I am stuck with something that I cannot use!!!!! I truly think they need to review their 30 day window on clothing to avoid unpleasant situations like this!!
Total rip-off,these socks are not made anywhere near the quality of previous socks, that are called Cushion Comfort. A very cheap imitation that are not comfortable or very well cushioned. The ones they had before were excellent.
Shirts were not what I expected and the seller would not honor their return policy. I am still holding on the shirt after this time have passed.
Weird fit... inseam too short for a tall person. The hips way too large. Odd cut pants. I returned them. Wouldn't buy these again... so weird they didnt fit, usually this brand of pants firs me well.
once I decided to wear this, and had it on I realized it has a small hole on the butt part. Extremely disappointed that I didn't see it sooner to exchange since it fit great but couldn't wear it cause i didn't want the hole to get bigger while out
Huge gaps on the sides on my outer thighs. The material is very firm/molded so the parts on my outer thighs stick out and look ridiculous. Havent been able to wear. Found ones on amazon that look more like shorts. Those work great. I really wanted to like these too. **My body type is curvy, size 6 pants, wide hips, normal legs for size (not sure if this helps)
From the picture it looks like it would of been made out of soft leather but in reality it is a cheaply made and almost disappointing. I have a similar wallet that has buttons to close it and is made out of real leather. Not to mention that this wallet has a HUGE glaring issue. The pockets are too small to fit any credit card inside it. When i went to put my cards in for the first time i felt as if i was gonna snap them in half i was told to break it in so i did for a week and still its as stiff and tight as ever. Terrible construction and extremely disappointing
I want my full order
Way too thick, they are more like winter socks than athletic socks. You'd need to go up two skate sizes for them to fit.
Love the pattern but fits small
Haven't worn it. Just took it on a trip and saw big stains on the shirt. I should have returned it
Fit great pulled quickly
Waited for nearly 2 months,,,, and then received refund... Why even bother listing?
Does not look as nice as picture will not buy again
The wine color should be called bright red. Definitely not a deep red color. I purchased this in black and love the fit. Disappointed the red was so off. Returned!
I ordered the navy and the blue. The navy pair was a completely different style and material. Not the same waist band as the picture. A cotton blend of some sort. The royal blue was like the picture on the page. They looked very small. Did not try either on and returned.
This wasn't a good buy for me. It's bulky, folds down and rolls up. It doesn't keep its shape. After one wash it was all down hill from there. I was not impressed at all.
Just ok, cheaply made and not as cute as the model makes it appear.
I were a 2x should have ordered this in a 6x.
I never got my package ☹️
This only came with the best and nothing else! I feel extremely ripped off! Not worth it!
5'8 109 lbs- I usually wear a zero. I ordered a medium and they were too small. Absolutely no stretch
It was poorly made and thin material cost 10 cents to make and to much for costumers would not recommend it
Bought this for my 14 year old daughter. She is a women's small normally. Ordered the large. She couldn't even get it over her arms. Would not recommend.
The coat is nice quality but it is way too large. It's not just too long of sleeves or the coat hangs down too long, the entire thing is huge. Sizing is way off.
These fit very strangely. Too big in the waist but they sag in the crotch area so my thighs end up touching. The only thing I DO like is the pockets. I wish I could return them (I bought two pair) but it is past my 30 day Amazon return window. I'll be sticking with my Nike workout pants, they are the only ones I actually like I was just hoping I had found something comparable for a much better price but no such luck
It's not even real slime. All it felt like was the piece of rubber that fell apart and the little trinkets inside were hard plastic
I returned it because it was lopsided at the bottom.
Shirt appears to be good quality. But it is MUCH smaller than measurements say it is. It was so small I thought they sent me the wrong size. And seller charges for returns. I don't recommend it.
I absolutely do not like these socks. The will not stay up. I will not purchase these again
These have those small triangle inserts which make your chest look weird. Also, too small for me but I wasn't willing to go up given the triangle situation.
These socks are not durable. I've gotten holes in multiple pairs after just a few wears. I'm very disappointed.
This shirt was a joke. It was see-through and ripped the second time i wore it
Color is completely wrong, it is a mustard yellow, not an off-white like pictured. It honestly looks really bad with the gross yellow color.
Omg the colors were off size too big and return a nightmare junk
why is an item fulfilled by Amazon and prime non returnable? DOn't understand. didn't fit well and I want to return it. If items aren't eligible for returns, I think it should say so right in the main ordering area.
I got these to replace some undershirts for work that had stretched collars. The shirts arrived with the collars already stretched, and they only got worse after the first wear and wash. They are scratchy and poor quality. Nothing like the ComfortSoft tees I've had in the past. Whatever the issue is, it was a waste of money. No way I can wear these for work since they're so stretched.
Cheap quality. These socks obviously have been subbed out to a budget manufacturer. I have to say they are sadly not a good quality. Shop around.
Very cheap, broke with first use
I kinda dislike this product because it is very heavy. My daughter is very skinny n weak, she is not able to hold.
I ordered a size larger but unfortunately it was still too tight and not comfortable for sleepwear. Had to return.
It did not come with a charger. I bought two of these as gifts. One did not come with a charger. Very disappointing.
Unwearable for me and I ordered oversized
TOOO SMALL FOR A PLUS SIZE
So I went to put this on today and just no. I ordered a size large and it was like a crop top on me! There was zero hope of getting the crotch snaps fastened. I don't have a long torso by any means of the word so I'm not sure what shaped humans these are even made for
Order was made from very cheap material it almost felt like tissue paper. It was also very oddly shaped and did not hang well as it shows in the picture.
Very basic construction. Does not look anything like on model. Material is unrefined polyester feel.
The skirt was torn from the seam, I didn't realize till I had it on.. I had to buy an emergency sewing kit.. it was super embarrassing...
The pants run WAY too small...ridiculously small. Now I have to deal with returning them. Ugh.
It came with a hole in it and is a bit misshapen
overpriced for quality
My Daughter wore these and within 2 hours they broke. Any suggestion on how to fix them?
That is NOT what was advertised !!! Where is the Flag ????
Too small even according to the size chart.
These are TERRIBLY SIZED! About 5 sizes too small with a VERY short return window. Now I'm stuck with something I can never wear.
I was sent the wrong size! It said it was the size I ordered, but it was not! I did not return, because I'm trying to lose weight, and hopefully one day I will fit into them
This is awful and runs extremely small!!!
They looked good and fit was good construction, not so much. Zipper was broken. Belt loops came undone.
I read the reviews that said the fit was small so ordered a size larger than I normally fit. The torso of the swimsuit was way too small, and I'm not tall nor do I have a large torso even on a size up from what I typically wear! So, I asked for a return. Seller only provided a 40% return, not a full refund. So just be warned! It fits EXTREMELY small AND if you don't like it DON'T expect to get your money back.
the back strap fell off day 1. Stitching very poor
This shirt has a bad smell to it that is cancer get out... can not wear it ...
I am so upset!!! My product came in DAMAGED!!!!
Pants ripped down the entirety of my left leg as soon as I put them on. Very cheaply made. Buyer beware.
Bought for my husband, who wears a XXL, and he couldn't put it on, even though it says adjustable. Hated that because it would have been great for hunting and riding motorcycle.
I have never received this item.
Returned. Size ordered was Large but ran smaller than expected. Slightly tight and was afraid that after one washing would be way too tight. So sent back.
It was my favorite skirt until it came out of the first wash about 2 sizes tighter and a few inches too short. Super disappointed and returning.
Was smashed up beyond repair. Had to return it.
Waste of $50. Quality is horrible, definitly not like pictured. Strings coming out all over. Totally regret this purchase.
totally different color that I ordered. I ordered pink for my daughter and got a large ugly brown hat
Smaller than expected.
The skirt is super big on me.
This item is not double breasted. I ordered the C cup and got an A. Very dissappointed
I was in love with these pants, but after the second wear they got a hole in the side :( super sucks because I need them for a work appointment coming up!!
I purchased this and I regret it buying it every time I wore it (discarded the blazer and kept pants). The black blazer would stain my white shirt collar all around the back where it makes contact. If you wear it while on a car and use seat belts, you will notice how the fabric will start to look rough on contact area with seatbelt. Do not buy this suit.
The garnet fell apart its crotch shredded at the seam!
Terrible fit. Much smaller then communicated. Definitely doesn't handle a size 14 foot. More like a size 11. Avoid this product!
ordered these in small and also in extra small as I was a bit confused by some of the reviews, not sure exactly what I was getting and didn't want a real long leg boyshort, but didn't want cheeky panties either. was very disappointed but decided to keep the small size as I can at least wear them and the legs were a bit shorter in the small size than they were in the xs size, which did not make any sense. the material was very shear, and yep, see thru, so the cotton used, not real quality here and they didn't shrink at all in hot water, so maybe its that new synthetic cotton (wink/wink) that resists shrinkage. when product said made of cotton, used to be really good quality cotton, but those days are no more and cotton can really mean so many things now, and this makes womens underwear virtually unwearable, even when spandex is added to hold shape.
The cloth was very thin I don't like it ... even the underwear is showing
I have a small head. This was huge on me. Although it looks like there's an adjustable band there's no way it'd adjust down to fit and retain hat shape. I wouldn't recommend this one if you have a small head. The hat quality seems nice and it looks cute though.
I specifically ordered these glasses for the 2nd time because I enjoyed the cute colorful style of the first set. I wear transitional bifocals daily and wanted a pair of readers to keep at home so I would be less likely to lose or break my "good" pair. Hence the need to re-order. I was disappointed to find I was sent the wrong style with no return or product support option. I was sent the thin/elegant style which will likely break much faster effectively wasting my money. I'm giving 1 star because will they work? Sure...they're reading glasses. But it wasn't what I wanted or what I ordered. I could understand if I ordered the wrong set or didn't like what I ordered but no option when it wasn't my mistake?!? I'm not sure I will reorder from this company again when it comes time for another replacement. ☹
I received this tank top and it has lines all over it, it looks ridiculous and now I have to deal with the hassle of returning and dealing with amazon.
I liked how oversized this product looked. I bought two, one a large and one xl. Both had holes in the seams in different areas. If I could return them I would. Also, if you buy this product WASH before you wear. This product must have had a chemical on it that made me itch and left me with a rash. NOT WORTH THE PRICE FOR POORLY MADE HOODIES!
Too Small and weak material
knock-off junk that was sized WAY too small.
Did not work for me not me were very good quality and by the time I start using it the warranty was off so I just put in trash
I did not like the material these were made out of. Super cheap clingy, snagged any rough skin on my feet (they were really long on me.
It looked so obvious!! You could instantly see the outline of it!
Really not flattering. Hits my waists in a weird spot. Will be returning
The color was not at all what was advertised. The blue was royal and not navy. The flowers were pink and not burgundy. The fabric was worn around the seems.
The stitching goes so far up on the back that it feels like they're constantly riding up. These were so uncomfortable I can't wear them.
This was a replacement for an older version of the same wallet. Unfortunately, the new wallet is not the same quality. Some card slots are loose and some are so tight you need a knife to get your card out. Also, the plastic cover on the ID window is flimsy and loose. I will probably go back to my old one which, even in it's worn state, is better than the new one.
Poor quality of fabric and ridiculously tight at chest. It's way too short.
I also got a completely different outfit. I got the same outfit shown above, jean shirt and animal printed skirt. I am very disappointed
False advertising, supposed to be an 8 pack but only got a four pack. Amazon said they are researching and might take this item down... do Not purchase!!!
My husband has worn Dickies for years. He has a pair that's a bit snug so we bought a size up. They are tighter than the old ones! We are returning these and looking at other brands.
Really low quality. Had a hole in the toe seam after only one wash and one wear. I am really disappointed with this item.
This is the single worst item I have purchased on Amazon. It came with holes in the pockets. The stitching ripped apart after one day. It was the only thing I had with me to keep me warm and the holes in the jacket let the wind and snow right through. Buyer beware.
I was initially very excited to find a 34 DDD bra because they are difficult to find. It just arrived. I cannot imagine what the diameter was based on because it would barely get are the circumstance of a can of soup.
Tracking this product more than a month but till now I didn't get my package and requested to refund but no response from seller
I love these leggings....I already have a full length pair. Ordered these and so disappointed they are SO not capri length!
I don't like this product
These tops would be great except the strap broke after wearing it once.
I bought these shorts because they had good reviews from different types of body figures but once I got mine I am super disappointed. I got the suggested size and they do not fit loose but in the pockets area and much shorter than expected. The only good thing is they are soft but will become lounge shorts. Once we wearing them out in public.
Nice material , and cut but when i received the product , the zipper was on the left instead of the right.
Product fell apart in a week. Total crap of a buy
Bought a size up and still did not fit well. Bummer cause it's very cute.
Horrible! This bra was so small there was no possible way it was ever supposed to be the size I requested. It shipped from China. It took forever to arrive and now I can't even return it. When I reached out to the seller, she suggested they send me ANOTHER bra in another size. If THIS bra was 8 sizes too small, how can I expect ordering the biggest size you make will reasonably accommodate my breasts?? Shout out to Buzzfeed for LYING about how well this slingshot fits. *rolls eyes*
This is insanely thin, like, tracing paper thin. I've decided to return it. Not everybody deserves to see what's going on underneath my shirts!
Save your money don't buy it
This item was never delivered to me. The tracking had the nerve to say hand delivered to me. NOT!!!! Don't be fooled by prime 2 day shipping. You won't get the item at all
These pants are trash and ripped the first time I wore them. I am now passed the time to return so I literally threw the money away.
The size is waaay to small. I'm not sure if I ordered up 2 sizes if it would've fit...maybe 3.
This costume is cute but the orange color from the carrot rubbed off on the white costume. When we opened it, there was a huge orange stain on the shoulder part of the costume which is a problem especially for a white costume.
Strap broke first wear. Too small, got a medium I'm a 34B. Disappointed
Bought 5 pants returned 5 pants was only credited for 2 pants no more clothing from an e commerce amazon store
Shirt was tiny, didn't fit at all and pants are proper size.
Extreme bad quality. I was sooooo disappointed with this pure. The silicone covers fold on the skin, gave a very weird look and uncomfortable feel
After receiving dress was not happy with way dress look.....
Way tooooo small, never again & it was extremely heavy. I returned it. Very disappointed!!!
The material is to thin feels like it will only make it thru 1 month. I order with side pockets. Was expecting both sides. It only had one side pocket and its on the right side. Dislike because I am a left handed.
YOU GUYS MAILED ME THE WRONG SIZE AND HALLOWEEN IS TOMORROW! I am more than upset!!
I wanted in black color
Pretty pink color but blue spot on sleeve. Too much trouble to rtr but kept because I hv flu n can't get out They should ck product before sending out. It was not neat in bag mayb someone else returned it. Ugh
This is my 2nd time ordering this coat for my mom. This coat runs very small. My mom usually wears a large. Now I have to order her a 3x.
Cheap made. Strings hanging out. Will return
Spotting on lenses which occur after a while of purchase, Not happy with these sunglasses, style, look, and function was very important, but was planning to purchase more had it not start this self destruct like problem.
This mask is NOT the one pictured. It's a cheap chinese version of it and it looks ugly. I tried to return it and the seller said I had to pay for shipping so I didnt bother. Plus it took like a month for it to come in. Not a happy customer. Dont buy
Horrible piece of fabric- barely covers my shoulders!
The collar is uneven. One side is longer than the other. Absolutely ridiculous. Didn't bother sending it back.
Kinda disappointed in these to be honest. They fit wonderfully, felt great, loved everything about them and was going to replace my older Cargo's soon as I've been needing to update. Then today as I'm getting ready for work, they tear (as the pictures show) as I'm kneeling down. Being a big guy, its very difficult for me to find good quality clothing that doesn't cost $100 every time I buy something, and these were fitting the bill till today. Regardless of their comfort, I expect any piece of clothing to last longer then a 45 days, and these did not fit the bill unfortunately.
The size is not correct
These pants DO NOT fit the way it does in the pic.
Horrible! Came ripped
The circle part is too small to cover enough of breast then lift up well.
I can only have access to my orders with this blue Jean order. Everything else shows on my phone. Not my Kendall. Very frustrating!!
Ripped first time it was put on.
The case was small. 100s barley fit. It felt funny. Within a day the sequins came off
I almost believed what everyone else raved about...THEN I took a look in the mirror at my butt and these are SEE THROUGH! I guess I can just wear them to sleep.
After waiting much longer than usual, Suzy Q sent two sizes smaller than ordered...
What a joke. Didnt even have enough stretch or design to let me put one leg in. Material was like chainmail. Not a good dupe.
I tried to order twice for size medium. Both times I got a large. Amazon cant guarantee it because it's not their inventory. So it's the seller's inventory and they're not checking it correctly.
Never received this order, when I contacted Seller, message said no longer an Amazon seller. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.
Mind as well throw your money out. I ordered two. One was ripped at the seem when i opened it. Returned and kept the other. Fit was so comfy. I thought this bra rocks. The ripped one must have been a fluke. Well i only got to wear it half a dozen times before it ripped. ITS A WASTE OF NOT JUST MONEY BUT RESOURCES!
I'm very disappointed that the picture on the website did not match the product I received. Every pair pictured was different than the ones I received. I don't understand why they can't show numerous pictures instead of one misleading picture. My nephew specifically wanted Zuma, which I can't seem to find anywhere else.
This is a great hat, but simply way to small for me. Compliments to Amazon for refunding me
The fabric was flimsy.
So I had these not even 2hrs. Had them on for like 2 hrs and there are holes at the seam lines. They fit great and all but wow not even a full sad wear and holes. Not good.but thats what u get for that price I guess.
The front of this poncho does not hang long like that in the front or back it is very very short up to my bellybutton almost. I will NOT be buying from this saler ever again
Terrible. Poor quality. Will never wear
This thing arrived wet! I took it to the trash. Ew!
Cheap material, awkward fit. Strange the grey one I purchased last year was beautiful. Stripes dont even look like the same colors as pictured.
Seams fell apart once items where washed before wearing....
This item seemed like a joke. So poorly made and very poor quality. I was shocked even at this low price, it was clearly a factory reject or should have been.
You think when you order a 32 you might get something like a Medium. Nope. Size Small. If you're going to advertise your product as 30, 32, 34 etc-why not just make a small a small and a medium a medium and so on and so forth. Just advertise it small and medium etc in other words...Did not expect to experience such a tight fit or see an S on the label after ordering a size 32
Couldn't return.. after several requests! Buyer beware.... couldn't give zero stars UGHHH
Cheap. Looks nothing like picture.
I requested a return label for these pants almost a week ago because the sizing is too different. The UPS Store here in Hilo,HI cannot print a label. You need to send me one. The closest UPS office that can print a label is 60 miles from here.
Very thin & flimsy, returning it straight back
Ordered these a month ago and wore it twice only, there's 2 holes now one on the crotch and one on my upper thigh. NOT WORTH IT. Wish I could return.
Does not fit a newborn, way too big. Size on discription stars 0-12 months, should say 9-12 instead its huge!
I purchased it to use for my c section postpartum recovery period. The panty is tight at the incision and scratches the incision. I have tried all sorts of methods, like lowering the pants at the waist, wearing it loose, etc. but nothing seemed to help! I just stopped wearing it all together. The fabric is not the softest. I wear size small pre-pregnancy and ordered a large hoping it would be loose. But it was very tight at the thigh and didn't feel loose at all.
Cheap fabric. Poorly made. Terrible quality. What a joke. It looks like a child made it.
The prodect fits great but something they use in the material made my daughter break out in hives. Which has never happened before. Also the tue tue was supposed to have the teal/ mint color in it and mine didn't.
It wasn't worth what it cost,it would be different if it made some sounds. But bascially its a prop,not worth the price it was sold for. Just a look a like prop. I wouldn't recommend buying it,you would do better buying a dollar store gun.
I ordered this and received a completely empty package.
Tee us advertised as loose...NOT. Fits very snug...useless in the heat of South Texas!
Very long , not good
Sent the wrong product . Photo shoot had to be cancelled. Very upset. Sent me the the $25 item instead of $50 item .
This wallet sucks. By the time you put everything in it its just as big as a bi fold wallet but now your stuff is exposed and can fall out. I threw it in the trash and bought a real wallet. Problem solved.
I bought these to wear with my new Vans. They slip down and go down into my shoe with very little walking.
I have a pretty small head, this hat is way too small if you wear weave and plan on wearing this hat forget about it. It put so much pressure on my little head. It's way too tight. The hat itself looks ok. I just wasted $16 great.
I usually wear a extra large or 1 x. This skirt Was marked 2x. And it was too tight. I feel the skirt was marked incorrectly. Do you have this un a 3x
It is cheap material, which I did not mind paying more money for better quality. Secondly, it is too big so NOT TRUE TO SIZE!
Way to big. I'm 5.2 and weigh 110. This looked so awkward on my body, maybe I'm too short but it was not flattering. The material looked cheap as well. Returned.
Ordered 12 to 18 months. Definitely not true to size. Why too big.
I placed an order for a set of bras so that I could have some type of comfort during my second trimester of pregnancy. Almost 2 months later, I still never received the bras, I have contacted the seller with no reply back, & on top of that I am now 3 weeks shy of my due date. Very dissatisfied, and I could use the money for something more important at this point if they ever decide to give me my money back for the items I never even received! Terrible.
I did not like the lined flees and the color was not what I expected.
not yet received, waiting almost one month
Ordered XL which was way too small. I am 5'10” and the romper did not come close to being long enough for my torso. Not a problem usually but when I went to return it I discovered that the return postage was more than the cost of the item in the first place.
After one wash and a wear today, the shirt has holes at the neckline. The material is very thin, especially compared to what I thought was the exact same shirt I purchased in another color a few weeks ago. This is unfortunate and I will not be purchasing from this seller again.
It said delivered but we were home and they never came. I guess my son is not getting this for Christmas!
I am a size 12 so I ordered the 12/14 .I could not get the shirt on sleeves were so tight it felt like I was trying to squish into my teenagers clothes. It felt like a size 6/8 very fitted. The pants were very high wasted because the jacket cut up high in the front but I couldn't pull the crotch line up they were to small and sewn very odd. Exchanged it for the next size up which was an 18 and the shirt was huge and I still could pull the pants all the way up they were too tight. No way in heck I'm a size 18 and I still couldn't fit the pants. I wanted this costume to fit so badly. So sad and disappointed Disney should not have there name on this product
Bought these thinking they were wool socks, the package label says wool, but the label on the socks lists no wool.
It fits and looks nothing like the photo
Waited so long just to not fit me
NEVER RECIVED THE ORDER HAD TO CANCEL AND BUY SOME WHERE ELSE.
Never recieved my item. Seller won't respond to emails. Don't trust this seller.
I ordered the same size that I usually do even though I have lost 20 lbs because the reviews said they run small. They run very, very small compared to others. Forget about no muffin-top when they are this small.
I ordered a product from them February 4, today is February 18, and still haven't received it. they changed the deliver date now it's expected to in March 5th UNBELIEVABLE
Materiel was not as expected. Either was the fit. Was hoping to be able to wear the dress out. It's a $24 house dress 😕
They sent the wrong size and when I contacted the customer service of the seller, they told me I had ordered that size (extra large) when on the same message it showed that I had ordered a standard (large) size. Now it's too late to get the right size for Halloween. Be aware if you order from this seller!!
I had to change my review. After the 2nd time I wore this, and only for a quick run out to the chicken coop when it was raining, one of the seams just tore. Very poorly made product. I am returning it.
Ordered on Dec 2 and it is now Jan 10 and I don't have the product. Tried to contact the seller a week ago and never got a reply. Something is not right. Be careful.
I did NOT get flip flops! I got a box of incense!!!! Of course this “isn't eligible for return” do not order from this seller.
I'm going to return These are not pink, they are purple They are cute but not for the month of October
The end of the zipper doesn't close fully because it is broke down in 2 pieces. This means that the handle to use the zipper will fall of shortly. Should have listened to the reviews
asymmetric! defective!
It never got to my damn house. Now my sis doesn't get a present til after Xmas....
im 4'10 145 pounds i order them in large because i wear my clothes lose but this large was for a plus size woman the length was as tall as me large size is more for a plus size person.
The emblems washed off on the very first wash. I also got the Super Girl t-shirt from a different manufacturer/vendor and that one is still perfect, so this is just poor quality.
My package was not delivered
This is not for adults, it is possibly for a child 8-9 year old, size 12. The description state one size, I am adult size L and I could not even put it on further then my head.
So itchy! Feels like its made out of poison oak.
I was really excited about these and I was very surprised at how noisy the lining is. I could hear rustling as I walked in them. I am very disappointed.
this blows... it's for a child I think
The socks are good quality but they are not over-the-calf. They are more like mid-calve tube socks. My husband was disappointed with them.
fit smaller than size chart stated and also bleed all over me after wearing it once- literally when I peeled it off I have a black stained swimsuit imprint on my body- not a cute look.
Despite being promised an appropriate fit, I ordered medium as I usually do and the size was twice as small. My return was not honored despite multiple reminders. No refund was processed either ! I do not believe this is a genuine dealer. Be wary !!
I have not opened the package that contains the item because it is not the color that I needed or wanted.
EDIT: I originally gave this product 2 stars but have moved it down to 1. After having them for longer, they now have even more problems: 1) They have started to become see through. 2) Not sure if it's because they're becoming uneven on the inside or the fabric is just really cheap, but they now make my legs itchy and irritated, even if I just wear them while sitting around my house. These leggings are garbage, I am throwing them out, and I regret buying them. Wish I would have spent a bit more for a higher quality product. They may do the job for a few months but it's not worth it imo. ***************************************************************************************************************************** So here's the thing I really wanted to like these leggings, and I did when I first got them. But these things collect lint like crazy. They're black and you can clearly see these little gray/white balls of lint all over them from a distance away. I'm not sure if its the material or what, but a lint roller wouldn't remove them and the leggings seem to collect more the longer I have them. Because of this I cannot wear them out, just around the house. It's such a shame. Besides that they are ok. Decent fit, comfy enough, I like the high waist...but black leggings are a dime a dozen so these aren't anything special. I would spend an extra few bucks and get a higher quality product, unless you just want something easy and cheap to be comfy in around the house.
Product has shrunk in a month beyond able to use. TOO tight and lengh TOO long I'm 5'10" 36" waist
I bought one a year or two ago, which was great. This one was WAY too small and extremely "stiff" (not soft). And conveniently, you cannot return it.
I never received my shirt...
Very poor quality. See through. Fell apart the first time I washed them
Doesn't look like what you see in picture
I wear a size 11 shoe, I ordered the x large 12-15 shoe size. These hardly fit me, way too small!!! They are paper thin probably will have holes in them shortly.
It is metal. There is a felt-like material covering the metal that breaks off exposing the rust underneath.
Ordered a XXXL/XXXXL but received something soooooo small it wouldn't even go up past my thighs. Will be returning it ASAP
Returned this item along with 2 other items. Have only received one refund. It's been over a week. All 3 items were in the same shipment.
Do not purchase this jacket I ordered a men's medium and they gave me a boys small then they refused to take it back worst $40 I have ever spent.
This product cane obviously used! And there were pulls in the nylon. Disgusting!
very tight and texture feels weird. I literally threw them out because it wasnt worth returning
After only a month of light use, it's already broken. Extremely disappointed that the return window has already closed. Will not be buying again. It's probably counterfeit since the quality's so poor, very unethical to pass this off as if it'll do its job.
I really wanted to like these cute underwear, but after wearing it for a few months, my son developed a skin darkening in the inner thighs! The material of these underwear in the middle crouch area is too thick and bunches up, causing the skin discoloration. We had to throw them out and buy a different brand.
I washed them and they gave me the worst rash between my cheeks and on my bikini line. Awful material, cheap. They also smell like baby powder. Who wants to smell like a baby on their period?
The material Of the skirt is transparent
Very thick and stuffy. Not the aesthetic appearance I was hoping for.
Ridiculously small. Had to pay 3 dollars to return it??
this particular pattern keeps getting large holes in it. Returned the first pair because of big holes and same thing happened to the second pair. Have other ones in different prints and they are great, no holes.
I ordered this on Jan. 9th and within 3 months the underwire has ripped through the fabric and was jabbing me! Poorly made.
Had to give away both that I ordered because they run super small. So dissatisfied. Cute idea, stupid in real time.
What a joke. It defiantly doesn't hold up DD like it says it does. It did stick but just sagged then down even more 😑 what a waste of money
Its garbage...Nothing what it shows.. if I can return it I would but now I have to look for something else... :(...
drawstring broke the first time i wore these! tried to exchange, but company would make me pay shipping and handling! tried to return, but company would make me pay shipping and handling! unable to give no stars or negative stars...
The quality seemed really cheap and it looked faded. I had to return
Shirt was not long as discribe or looks in photo. Cheap material.
Really bad quality the seams were falling apart when i opened the package, and made of very thin cheap material. it was to small i wear a large and i orders a xL so no reason for it to not fit
Way to small for the size
Never received even after emailing vendor. Amazon also made it impossible to get our money back. Don't order.
This product item is short and unusually wide.
Picture looks better than actual product. Runs small
Never received my order!
Comes with only one clear strap. Total waste of money as it's so uncomfortable it's not even worth buying clear straps for.
Bought XL was still too small not flattering at all maybe just me
The material was cheap.
Top faded in spots after 1 use and it was in ocean not pool so chlorine was not a factor
I will never use you again.
Leggings are see through, out of the package they smell like paint and have stitching that came undone at a seam. True to size but they fit oddly.
Material was way too thin pants split down the middle
Come on Amazon, you can do better than this! This is NOT a long sleeve shirt, it is a SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT . . . a true description & picture of the shirt would be nice! Such false advertisement!
seam ripped on the side after wearing it twice.
The jacket is poorly made with unfinished ends. The pants aren't bad at all.
It's cheap quality. The pictures over sell the shirt. The material is thin and made in China. Keeping them to use when walking my dog but not for working out.
This dress is a rip off. I will be returning. Ordered purple dress in hopes it would be like the red dress pictured, I was sorely disappointed. Too big, thin material, wrinkles all over.
The material was too thin. I am disappointed that I can not return the item at this date. I was delayed by the death of my mother and death of my aunt.
Designed for someone at least a foot taller
Terrible. Ordered a 2xl but it fit tiny....like a Med. It looked like I had pasties. I was popping out all over, top, sides, etc. Please don't buy this.
My product came all open
This pair of shorts proves the old adage you get what you pay for....and that means CHEAP fabric and poor construction. After one wash two seams started unraveling and the color started to fade. In addition to all that they were a terrible fit.
The item does not match the picture. I received the purse with the leather wrinkled because it wasn't wrapped very well.
I normally wear a 2xl got the Xl I could have gotten the large very thin material Fix's like a maternity top
It came with a defect! How can I return it?
There was padding inside that seemed oddly small considering it was an XXL. It looked funny on because of this.
I bought a size 3xl thinking it would be a good size for me but it is more like a size small!! HORRIBLE! And a waste of $
A 4XL is a small very thin persons jacket!!!
Don't bother with this product. You will most likely not receive it. Then the company will provide you with a false tracking number. Can't actually rate the product since I have not received it. But the company shipping it seems pretty shady.
I thought these pantyhose were what I wanted but they were very thin and started to run as soon as I put them on. This purchase was truly a waste of money
The items i received today has a rip at the left side of the gloves.
Piece of garbage. I'll use it to wash my car.
Not the same item as displayed
is made wonky with crazy seams
It fit well but was impossible to style. The adhesive only lasted for about 5 minutes.
I payed next day shipping I never received it!!! this is a scam give me my money back
The colour was gone.... my newborn baby's chin was blue. I've never ordered before such a bad-quality clothe for my kids...
This hat came so smashed I cant see how it ever could be straightened. Also the flower was not attached, and frankly, does not even resemble a flower. Completely unsatisfactory.
Way too big for me but colors are very vibrant.
Fit is not as pictured. In photo, it appears that jacket is somewhat tapered - wider at the shoulders than at the waist - it is cut SQUARE just as wide at the waist as the shoulders.
Too short for a dress. Smaller than expected.
This product is to small for a men's XL. The top needs to be longer and the bottoms have no pee hole which all men's long johns should have. Is it possible that a women's XL was wrongly packaged as men's?
I ordered a wallet and I received fill in powder for gray and thinning hair without the option for return or exchange. Thank God Amazon stands behind this seller and quickly refunded me my money. Now I need to find a new wallet and wait even longer to replace my ragged one.
Received four plastic toys and both what was pictured or ordered
I star for the material .. it was awful. Also, you need to order 2 or 3 sizes up.
This expensive maternity support tank came with a strap sewed twisted. The last thing I want is a support tank to have a permanently twisted strap. I got a medium with my pre pregnancy size being a small or 4/6. It fit fine but I did not feel it was anything special & not a good sign when a $70 tank comes so obviously flawed. Also got a pair of leggings in this brand that were returned. Quality was DEFINITELY not there for the price. Thank goodness for Amazons free returns. Got another support tank for $20 from amazon and definitely sufficient and comparable and didn't come flawed. Don't waste your money here, folks.
I can't speak to the usefulness of this bow, as I came to us already broken. I will have to return it and hope I can get a replacement in time for Halloween. Frustrated that someone packaged it up with full knowledge that it was broken, and sent it anyway.
Awful. Not the mask in the pics or reviews. Complete piece of trash. Doesn't even look like Myers. DO NOT BUY. I can't believe they would sell a mask like this. Def not TOTS
Product came missing hooks very disappointed
It is not true to size.
Terrible. Cheaply made. I felt hot but not enough to get a good sweat. Thin.
Size was not true get a size bigger
The item I got looked nothing like what was pictured. What I got was a cheap, thin, black knit sweater. I ordered a size up for the oversized look and it was sooo short. Started return immediately. Keep looking!
I order a lot of shirts. I was going through all my orders and realized I never received this one. My bad for not checking earlier.
Product never arrived and seller never gave a refund. Do not buy
This was so plush and cute but 3-4 sizes too small. The coat zipper fell off once I opened the package.
The concept for this is great, but the metal adjusting piece on mine had a sharp edge and kept catching on my clothes. Now I have articles of clothing with runs in them. Really wish this worked better...
Beautiful top, looks exactly like the picture. The sizing is all wrong. I can't even zip it up. I ordered based on their measurements.
It's a weird silhouette. I wanted to wear it to a baptism but it just didn't look right. So far I have not worn. Others may like it.
This said american size, it was chinese size and way too small XXL is a large
Don't know where to start because..... this waist trainer has left me with scars to my side,basically between my ribs where the grooves of d trainer hugged.i wore it to work for a day... it wasn't too tight... I ordered size medium... n I used the 2nd hooks...ladies make sure u wear u Der garment before putting it on. Honestly that's the only fault I found but that fault only earned d trainer 1 star!
Headband was way to long and the arms were way to long so it took away from the final look.
Do not buy this poorly made...eyes are in the wrong area...the look is spot on but the craftsmanship is shitty...will be returning it
I sent twice and each time they were too small despite my ordering a size over my other bras. Runs wayyyy too small. I am NOT a big busted woman- I gave them away. Will not buy Warner brand again.
I ordered it more than once and each time the "white" listed was beige or ivory. I ordered something altogether different as I needed it to be pure white.
Terrible quality!!! They ripped at the crouch and at the waist after 2 wears. I ordered 4 pair and all but 1 tore. Very disappointed. They helped to keep me warm in 30 degree weather but didn't last two weeks.
I was so excited to get this in the mail for our little guy and when I opened the package it was Mickey Mouse pajama. All paperwork and labeling has Incredibles. Was incredibly disappointed. :(
way to large for med and material was so hard not soft at all
What I liked least is that item never showed up!
I bought this in black and received a brown shirt trimmed in lace. I tried to leave this negative feedback on the order itself but no feedback area was offered. :(
The hoodie has a stain on the pocket and smells like cigarette smoke. The tags were not attached and were just loose in the pocket.
Cheap material and fit weird at the top... Returning it and thats a hastle too. You print out this number and bring it to a local ups store and they print out the return label..
Way to small! Terrible material. Looks cheap
The letters began to peel off after first wash
The sequence on the dress doesn't look anything like the picture. Dress is too long
The top of the sock is so tight you can't wear it comfortably and there isn't much support in the rest of the sock
Very poor quality. They only lasted few months before starting to fall apart. Particularly the adjustment clips. You get what you pay for.
Looks much better in the pic
Snagged after 2nd use.
I ordered 2 pair. One for me and one for my best friend. We put them on at the same time. Right away I was uncomfortable and felt like my legs had no air. An hour after putting them on I got a hole in the crotch area. 2 hours later my friend got a hole in the same are. Save your money.
This is not cute at all... Looks like plastic.
Very bulky & does not even fit! It is bulky and need/want refund!
It fit for a woman that is a x-small
I can't believe this was 30$ I thought it came with straps and was an actual bra. U need ur own nursing bra for this just an FYI. I'm so disappointed in this product. It's cute but that's it. I could've bought one way better. It takes so much time to put on too. Don't buy ladies.
This was such a disappointment!It has no pull or stretch in anyway it looks like it's a medium and I got the XXL and it is extremely tight and small I'm very unhappy with this purchase!
Cheap, doesn't even make you sweat it's like a tight gym shirt!!
This was like a cheap Halloween cape type material, just so awful, ugh what a waste of time, don't do it!!
The material the pyjamas were made of is uncomfortable and the shorts were too long in length
Material is a little cheap looking
Terrible! Motor died within three times activated. Didn't get to wear trick or treating bc motor died after turning on three times. Kid was upset!
I am extremely disappointed in the quality of this jacket. The fact that it came from Pakistan makes it pointless to return, I'd probably have as much in shipping charges as I have in the jacket. I can only shake my head at this point !
The suit came covered in hair with deodorant lines on it.
Started falling apart after 2 months of use.
I don't have sensitive skin and I actually ended up having a bad reaction to these. I started to get blisters, red and itchy, and blotches over my normally clear breasts.
Do waste time or money. Ordered in apricot but received a gray shirt which is not even a color choice when buying. Material is cheap. Size is small. The print is smeared.
Not suitable for me. Will regift to someone.
I returned it because it was too big, but Amazon keeps bugging me to write a review.
Very cute dress!!! But sizing is not accurate!!! Very small fitting
Really odd fit around arms - Tight arms in some places, and super wide openings around the wrists. My husband called me a flying squirrel. Also pretty short in front. Not as long in the back either. Don't buy this, it isn't flattering. I'm 5'5” 128lbs. I ordered a medium.
I bought this coat thinking it might be too big. However, the size 4Xl did not fit at all. Now I want a refund and in order for me to get that I have to pay for shipping and send it back. These people are a rip off. What ever you do do not buy any products from them
I gave the review I did due to the customer service and refund/exchange policy. Originally the order was not available with Amazon prime so I ordered it a little over a week before I needed it for an event, the estimated shipping was for after the date I needed it so I emailed to inquire about expedited shipping. I was then told to go on and return the item and repurchase it because at that point it had changed to being available for prime. I'm not sure why that wasn't something that could be done on their end since the item wasn't shipped out or even had a label created yet. Fast forward to receiving the item (the day after I needed it) The suit is very cute and if the size was right would be very comfortable. I'm proportioned differently to where I would need a larger top than bottom. Once again I emailed to see about a possible exchange for a different size. At that point all I received back is “We cannot complete the requested exchange.” With that being said I went on to return the product and am being charged for the return, even though Kohl's does free returns now? I'm completely dissatisfied with the customer service and returns so therefore I will not be purchasing another suit from this supplier.
It was made and looked even cheaper than expected. The way it was constructed the buckles were so loose it was a hassle to adjust. even when I had the arm and shoulder adjusted correctly the neck was too tight. If the fake leather had looked more like pictured I might have just dealt with the neck being tight and kept it, but it looks like a black trash bag painted with brown stain. It literally looked like brown brush strokes on the material. So neither the look or fit was good enough to keep. At least the return was easy.
Product came with holes in the socks! Do not order!! Deserves 0 stars
Received a completely plain white t shirt!
At least a size or more too small. Can't imagine what they would look like had I not tried one on and washed/dried them first.
Super thick and uncomfortable! Not soft and comfortable like at shirt should be!
Thought edges were sharp and uncomfortable.
Was in two pieces when it arrived. Total piece of junk.
should have listened to the comments. beautiful skirt, but cheaply made. it came with a broken zipper!
Usually my daughter wears a size six with no problem. The top fit great, the bottom was unusually small. I compared it to other pj (this was for skiing and not pjs) pants and it was 3-4 inches smaller.
washed it one time and two of the buttons came off in the first wash. irritating.
It's been 7 weeks since I ordered it and I haven't received it.
Tracking shows that the order is delivered, but I never received my oder and Amazon's lost department doesn't answer my e-mails!!!! It's been more than month!!!
The material is horrible, this is not a sweatshirt, It is a polyester shirt. Don't bother wasting your money on this. The image is great and that is why I gave it one star.
horrible said it was a Large women's it is at best a small child's. ridiculous sizing. save your money
These socks are NOT No show.you can totally see them and the top of the sock hits an odd point on top of the foot and the elastic digs in making the sock very uncomfortable.
The hat first notice was way bigger then I imagined, and upon taking it out quite heavy. If you get this as a costume final' buy a cheaper one made of felt or pressed fiber, this one seems like 3 LP records molded into a sprayed sheen/felt thing that is not going to work with me all night, maybe for a few Karaoke songs but that is all, it falls over my head and ears!
Beer Can arrived with a dent in it :( ....Probably should have packaged them in a box and not in a bubble type envelope. I'm not sure about the quality of the sox because I bought this as a gift, so I won't be opening the can.
Far too small. Size chart not even close to being accurate. Very disappointing.
The picture clearly shows pants that go to your ankles. I received mine & they go just past my knee. And I'm only 5' 2”.
Looks cheap made. Not recommend.
The pink color was a little tired looking and from the first wearing the fabric continued to pill.... but yes, indeed very soft.
The lingerie in this pic is nothing like what you'll get!! The material was horrible and It wouldn't fit my breasts even if I were 10 years old! Now, come on! Seriously, you need to stop selling product that will not fit well endowed American women. Please be honest with your product. Will submit a pic of what I got and the size I ordered was an xlarge.
My wife didnt like them.
Might be good for someone with very small breasts but useless for a C or D cup. Once applied, it stays in place for a few seconds and then just peels off. Very disappointing.
Send the wrong team cap and will not respond to my request to return wrong cap! Do not buy from this seller!
Not a huge fan of how it's cut. I understand it's more of a workout top, but I don't need my nipples showing. Didn't even wear them. Washed them and they shrunk. Think twice before buying. Waste of money
I never received it. Was shipped back to amazon. Waiting for a refund or for amazon to resend it. Sad because I needed it for October 27. Gave it be star because it wouldn't let me submit review without a rating.
It was broken when I got it in the mail. My 9 year was disappointed. Me too!
Do not buy, not what was expected at all. Is very see-through and sheer, you can see the outline of the pockets and my underwear very clearly. The sleeves have this weird two tier sewing thing going on and buttons in the front that you cannot see in the picture unless you're really looking. The medium was too loose I am 135 lb and 5 6 I will go with a small if you have to have it but I would steer clear from this outfit honestly. Sending it back!
SUPER small!!! Can not even get in the XL. Unwearable.
I have a nickel allergy, and thought this would save my skin (literally). It worked fine for less than a month, and then the plastic tine broke (the narrow bit that locks into the holes punched into the belt). I'm back to wrapping a sock around my metal buckles when my shirt isn't tucked in. Pff.
Cheap and started to fray right away. Not a canvas bag.
Too big. Suit is made for a long torso. I am a short torso.
Terrible swimsuit I order a small the top was for a big girl and the thong underwear
fabric was really scratchy and hard, cut was awkward
I have no idea if the item fits well, how good is it's quality. because I ordered for a present, and as I got it , I returned it. It arrived really late! very dissapointed.
This does not look nothing like the item I order. I'm very disappointed. They are faded, the stitching is of low quality and I wear a size 5 so I order a small and when I put them on they tore.
Don't have this package
Leather has a nice feel, but the gloves as a whole began to fall apart at the seams after one month of moderate use.
Did not like ANYTHING, the odor was so FOUL it went immediately to my outside garbage.
I never received my order!!!
Material is pretty see through. Fit is not flattering. Wont be getting again
I have the same pants in black & pewter and they put perfect I don't understand why the eggplant are too tight. The only difference is where I purchased them from.
This necklace is a waste of money. The sound quality of the music it plays is terrible. And within an hour of my kid having it, it had already fallen apart. The front of the plastic pendant had fallen off and then the strand that goes around her neck snapped into 2 pieces. I would recommend going with a different necklace. I know you can find better quality for much cheaper.
Was sent the wrong size
I love this bra it works very well and is supportive and long lasting. I've ordered it many times. However, when I re ordered I was mailed an empty box and I'm now stuck with the cost of 2 bras I never received. So be weary.....
Why lie and say it's leak proof when it is completely not? Very disapointed. I couldn't even drink water out of it because it was leaking when tried drinking. Really really bad product. Plus, the color is more similar to just white than glittery white.
Literally after one wear and wash, there are holes in these. For context, I wore them with newish shoes, walked maybe a mile total that day, and certainly didn't sweat a lot. FWIW, they were comfortable when I wore them, at least.
The single star is for the merchant's inventory system. I can't review the shirt because the merchant sent me the short-sleeve version instead of the one I ordered. I returned that one and asked for a replacement; that one came today, and it too is the short sleeve version. The label on the plastic bag in which the shirt is shipped says Longsleeve, so robots or time-short item pickers can't be blamed for an unreliable label. But somebody at Amazon or whichever clothing storefront is sending these things out needs to check their inventory and get the right shirts in the right bags. When I return the latest shirt, I'll just ask for a refund instead of a replacement. Maybe I will try again in a month or two, or maybe I will just order something similar from some other supplier.
took way too long to arrive, was very very thin and the 2xl fit like a medium
Size is not premature!!! Too large
One button broke the first time I wore the coat
Received these shirts with bleach stains on them and some kind of sticky orange substance stuck to them. Won't be buying again. Waste of money.
Material was nice Too small in the bust
The padding in it does not compliment the wiring, so it gives you an awkward look and feel. I'm a 34C and ordered the large and it's like the most awkward looking swim top ever. . . the bottoms fit okay. Will wear it with a multi-colored swim top from another seller.
I loved the colors but was extremely disappointed to find two holes in the butt after only one wear during which I was sitting on soft upholstered furniture, most of the time around my house. There should not be holes in them after such gentle wear. I won't be buying from this brand ever again. If i wanted to throw money away I'm sure I'd find less disappointment if I just threw it out of my car window.
Way to long, way to large ...simply more like a 2X not a Xl
After two washes they stopped fitting and ripped.
This skort comes from China and it's way to small. Knowing this I ordered a XXL, wearing a xl normally. It has no pockets as described and is a lousy material for the price. I do not recommend this item.
Were snagged already when taken out of the packaging.
No fan was included. Unusable.
I ordered a 2XL for this shirt to be very big. The shirt fits more like a thigh men's large. The size is very misleading and run very small. Would not recommend getting due to the sizes being so off. Very disappointed.
Made of cheap material does not sit well does not look good.
Snaps detached from the belt the first time I tried to use it. Amazon won't let me return. Don't waste your money. Next time I'll buy a real belt.
Super cute but way short. I'm 5'10" and this was way to short. I order a large and it was still way to short. Like inches short.
We didn't receive it. We received a frame instead.
Tore 10 minutes after my wife put them on. Poorly made!
I purchased these to wear to a festival this summer and decided to try them on. I ordered two(2) sizes larger than the sizing chart suggested and when I put them on the entire crotch seam thing broke making them unreturnable. I put then on fine, no struggle, took a step and I could hear and feel the strings breaking.
This fabric was super hot. Not breathable, body heat was trapped. I was sweating the entire day.
Capri's way too short... picture shows length at calf...they hit me at the back of my knee...uncomfortable at that lengh..too bad because they are affordable. I am 5'8" larger size would be too big.. hopefully the lengh issue can be resolved.
Never got my product and never answer the message I send asking about where is my product I as for my money back didn't answer either
Ridiculous and a waste of time ! I bought a size 14 for my 11 year old daughter and when I tell you the waist of it perfectly fits my 4 year old. I won't even waste my time buying a another size up..if it fits so small of have to get a size 20 lol....nope sorry I don't recommend this products at all
I ordered double my size just to be sure they fit. The item i does not look like the picture and I received a smaller size than what I ordered. Even if I did receive the size I ordered it would still have been too small. I contacted the seller to return the pants and get a refund. I was told to keep them and give them to a friend for a 50% refund and to also give a 5 star review. Still have not received any money back for this item that's taking up space on top of my closet.
This is the wrong color, it doesn't fit properly, and it is sooo short! Unattractive in every way. Extremely disappointed.
The worst shipping and customer service received. Ordered twice and both times item didn't arrive on time. It wasn't worth the hassel.
Beautiful it just doesn't fit comfortably if you have a large chest
Product was dirty as if it was previously worn!
sadly the quality doesn't last.. threads are coming out after two months
I never got it it was wrong thing it was a fan hat that I did not order
Cute outfit BUT the sizes are not correct. My daughter pictured here wears 18 months. I bought this outfit for my newborn in 0-3 months. I couldn't believe how large this was.
Not the best quality, after few months everything will eventually falls a part,
Nothing !!! It didn't came in .
His too small for me
At first I was super excited about these leggings because they are so soft but just after one day of wearing them, they are already starting to fray:(
I ordered a small because that's the size my dog usually wears, and it was way too small. I am so disappointed.
I have not received the tie although the tracking says it was delivered to my gated mailbox...... Still waiting to hear back from the seller.
No stars. This is not for tall females, with hips and a booty. I had to give it away. The waist area was too high, and the inseam was too short.
Shirt looks like picture. XL fits like a L
Completely different dress than what I ordered. Absolutely unhappy with this. I needed a dress for an event tonight and thought I could avoid a shopping trip out after work. Nope. This dress has a scoop neck, low cut in the front and back. Not appropriate for what I needed it for. Not at all Asymmetrical like the description shows.
Didn't fit perfect..
This is not the item I received, the one I received was designed differently way as the one on picture
Very cheap and uncomfortable material. Feels as if it would catch on flames!
Horrible. Came as shown but smelt like vinegar. The smell was so strong I couldn't even keep it in my house. Very disappointed since this was an anniversary gift for my husband.
Don't buy from this company just go on base and purchase.. the reason I'm saying this is I waiting for a month without receiving my two patches. Then tried to reach out multiple times to seller and not once did I get a response back. They also were just 5 dollars and now just bumped the price to 10 way cheaper else where..
I am very disappointed with this product I was hoping this would work and it didn't.
Super cute. Terrible quality. Broke the very first day we had it. Umbrella has plastic spines and attached to the metal handle with a plastic tube that broke within minutes of our daughter using it. I would have returned but due to circumstances beyond my control, I missed the window. DO NOT BUY THIS.
This fit so poorly, my husband and I laughed. I have a very large chest, but still. The cup on the bottom effectively cut my other breast in half. It had zero support and the straps dug into my shoulders. My breasts fell out of the bottom because of the lack of support. Buy it if you need a laugh, not if you need a bra.
This is the worst most ill fitting T-shirt. It looks cute, but is a men's T-shirt, cut short and the decal on it was stuck together. Do not bother. Not a cute women's shirt at all.
Product had button front. Advertised with elastic waist. See their product picture. See mine.
I decided not to wear it. Material was weird and overall it just looked bad.
Not good, I wear a large got the x - large to be safe they were still to small. S waste of my money.
Not hefty enough for a paperweight. Seriously, who can figure out how to use this? It comes with a 3 inch software CD that can only be used with a tray type CD device. Anyone have one of those any more? I don't. Tried finding software online. Don't Google Dansrue to try to find it, you won't. It's actually Audacity. Couldn't find anything for Mac, although one of the reviews said Mac software was on the CD. I don't know why Amazon continues to carry this worthless product
This is not a youth hat. It's a full size adult hat and way too big to fit young children without being sized to the absolute smallest size which makes the hat look funny when on. Very disappointing.
Cheap material see-through It looks like it was made in China I would never buy this item again and I wouldn't recommend it to nobody
This thing moves around a lot I didn't have the time to fuss with it. Only wore it twice waste of money
I ordered a Medium and was sent an XL. Needed it for my maternity pictures and baby shower and I couldn't get another one in time because it was out of stock in the color I chose.
I ordered a large. What arrived fit like a small. And then they ripped. Would not recommend.
It is so light and feels nice. I am very pleased with this sweater. The only thing wrong is a snag in the front right sleeve.
100% rayon, very thin and flimsy
This item is a plastic punch good for only 1 use before it is destroyed. Returning Item as it is not as described by description or reviews.
I would love to tell you how the bodysuit fit except there is no where to get it on. Except for a small neck hole.... which if I attempt over my hips is going to rip in half... disappointed
I was out of the country and returned after the return window closed. A customer had returned these once and their note was still stapled inside. the pants were marked 34 x 29 but measured 36 x 29 This quality control is very poor. Now I am out the cost this item. Amazon should re-examine the validity of this vendor.
These fit very strange and they are like 5 inches to long. This is second pair I tried ordering, they just don't fit correctly.
How does a product like this have 4.5 star average? Purchases like this confirm my belief that Amazon reviews are bunk. The arm pulled entirely out of the socket the first time I tried to extend it. Thankfully the return process was easy & swift.
I really wanted to like this. These are the most uncomfortable pair of shape wear I've ever purchased. It does run small all over, but for me was manageable except for the legs. The leg holes are so incredibly tight I had dark red marks at the end of the day. There is some structured pieces in the bodice area that started to stick and dig into my sides. I would not recommend this unless you want to be uncomfortable.
The packed was ripped and it looked like the product was already used. Very disappointed
Not impressed. Very poorly made
Where was my package delivered? Not on my front porch.
Cheap polyester socks. Not comfortable at all and will probably make your feet smell horrific.
Very small,straps aren't adjustable
One of the gloves ripped at the seam the very first time they were worn. I would not recommend.
MY WALLET WAS NOT IN THE PACKAGE
I received the wron item. Womens wool socks. Not even close.
It took a very long time for the outfit to come.. runs small..
Dont buy, very poor quality. Image wore off in less than a month of use. Too bad, it was cool before i decided to use it for its intended purpose.
It's not for baby's! This would for a 3 year old
Flips around and is hard to find the front of. thin material
The hat was shipped in an envelope, so of course it was crushed. Don't expect it to look like the picture. It was also a large hat. No size choice.
I never received my order and I have tried contacting the seller multiple times with no answer DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER
Received a pair of knock-off Victoria's Secret underwear. Don't buy this.
I had almost not expectations while buying this product yet it still managed to disappoint me. Incredible. Don't buy anyone anything from Gildan. It's like they didn't tailor these for humans. I would like to see a single person that these t-shirts fit well. Just don't buy them. please.
Did not fit as the picture shows.
Fell apart after one use. Do not buy!!!
Ripped on first wear and they were the correct size.
I didn't get my.order How can I like some thing I paid for and didn't get.
Robe falls apart at the stitching with in two weeks. Not worth it
It's a perfectly nice shirt but I wasn't looking for a fancy thermal underwear shirt.
This came on a slow boat from China. They got here 3 weeks after the no return date, and they were the wrong color. I ordered 1 pain tan and 1 pair gray. The tan came in a few days, the grey (tan again) came late and now I have 2 pair the same color, and cannot return them.
Not sure about all the great reviews. The colors are nice so I'll give one star but these socks are not warm nor are they soft at all.
I love them even though they are thinner than I expected.
Warning: do not buy this onesie! Whoever designed the pattern for this did not account for the extra fabric a baby onesie needs, to go over the diaper. It was designed for infants that don't wear diapers!! The outfit was too large on top/neck but we couldn't snap the snaps in the crotch due to the diaper. Terribly disappointing and a waste of money.
The quality is good but it's not a dusty pink color as it shows on the picture but pink.
The words premium and quality are a stretch. I was on a mission to find brown leggings, and found these. They are thin and cheap-feeling.
I got these for the different designs. I've only worm 3 out of the pairs I purchased. Two tore on my first time wearing them and the third one is tearing now. Poor quality and would not recommend this item.
Unfortunately this dress is not the same as the one I received the sleeves where all the way to my elbow. It also came with two holes. I will be returning
The Good: I used them for a wedding and they photograph very well. I will say, they looked great in the pictures and early in the night were admired by many at the wedding. The Bad: The material is cheap, as others have said. I am 6'1" about 230lbs (Not a small guy) and after adjusting these to fit me there was about 6-7 inches of excess in the front, I ended up trimming it off. The biggest drawback was a few hours into the reception I had people coming up to me and asking about my shirt. The suspenders turned the white shirt I was wearing brown. The color bled onto my shirt and destroying a brand new white shirt. I am afraid to use them again for fear of ruining any more shirts. Conclusion: Great for photos, but take them off before you dance or sweat... especially if you like the shirt you are wearing.
Weird fit! Bust too high and small!
I was never even able to put these on my newborn baby girl. I washed them with her other baby clothes and they're completely destroyed. Bows fell off, and the seams are unraveled. Very disappointed.
I never gotten and I'm pissed First i would receive it November 31st through December 18th but nope never got it then it change to December 22 which was yesterday still have not gotten it I will not be ordering from here again And I was looking forward to this shirt to
Hated that there are no pockets?!?!
I purchased this shirt yesterday (Monday) and I have a Prime account and it said it would be delivered by Friday. I just received an email stating it will not be delivered until Monday. I'm disappointed because I wanted to give it to my boyfriend on Sunday. I called Amazon and they could not tell me why the company pushed the ship/delivery date to Monday.
The shirt was too tight and see through. I ordered a large which is my normal size and way too tight. The sleeves were super cute.
THEY DO NOT ACCEPT RETURNS AT ALL.!!! Make sure they are the correct size snap (which I was unable to do), and I just figured if they were the wrong size I'd just return them for a different size. NOPE!! When you go back on the web page after some searching I saw that I could not return them. I was just floored, as I bought them on Amazon and I just thought I could return them to Amazon. So please, MAKE SURE THEY ARE THE CORRECT SIZE. And by the way, good luck trying to find out what size you need. I recommend just buying new onesies in a larger size.
Arrived with a zipper pull broken. The product is light and pretty crappy. Zippers are super light weight. Returning it.
I have not received this item yet and is very late in delivering to me. Extremely disappointed
I bought 5 suits: 2 marked US-XL 16 & 3 marked US-L 12-14. I am 5'7" 185 lbs and wear a size 14. It took a full month to receive my order but I was excited to get them as summer is nearly here. The two black suits had absolutely no stretch to the fabric. They were clearly not sized correctly. I couldn't even get the L over my knees. If I had to guess the L was more like as size 4-6 and the XL was an 8-10. From what I could tell the fabric was also very thin and would have shown my butt crack, provided I could get it up that far. The next two suits were black with pretty coral flowers. These were sized a bit more appropriately. I could get the XL onto my body, but it wasn't pretty! The hips came up so high that they showed that ugly fatty part above my leg. The boob cups were made for someone with an A-cup and were very firm and cone shaped. My girls were spilling out of both sides because the cups didn't allow them to fit naturally. The last suit was black with red flowers and fit fairly well. I could at least get it on and the hip line was perfect. As I was pulling it up I heard a few stitches pop and when I adjusted the ladies I noticed that the boob panels were sewn off center giving the chest a very lopsided effect. The boob cups were better size and of a softer material that the previous suit however they were not sewn in and migrated all over the chest panel as I moved. Very disappointing purchase due to inconsistent sizing and poor quality. I will try to return however based on other reviews I've read I may just be out the money.
Tore as soon as I put on all the way down my thigh. Very cheap material. Just go to Walmart and get some, they're better than this quality.
The quality of the fabric and design were low quality.
Came packaged in a tiny plastic bag. Took it out immediately to shape. It never would shape. It's a pretty light pink. No where close to the size shown. Would not recommend.
They come too low on the leg, need to wear them with long shorts, yet at the same time yet are very tight around my legs and waist. For reference, I'm 5'8" 175lbs.
Dislike they don't fit over barbies butt , very disappointed
Doesn't at all fit as expected not true to size about 3 sizes to small. Was really looking forward to the swimming suit. I've never had a problem with amazons clothing even read reviews. Right when I opened it had holes in the stitching on the left side you could see right away not happy at all! I do not recommend!
It was not what I expected it to be the image advertises the beanie wrongfully
Bought this for my son as a Christmas gift because he loves Sonic the Hat was super thin and so small it wouldn't fit my two year old let alone a 4 year old total rip-off!!
Poorly constructed..cap is off center and totally unwearable..construction should have been checked before shipping..unacceptable
None of the watches I purchased from this seller (three) were working when I got them. Or now. Or ever. The bands themselves aren't too bad, though. Customize to fit your own watches.
I wouldn't even give this a 1 star. My zipper broke before I was even able to wear the swimsuit
Very disappointed in the fit. Arms and shoulders are extremely small. Giving it away to a woman who is half my size.
Cheaply made, too thin, does not look as advertised!
I now understand what the comments meant about weird sleeves. they're cut like the nat wings sleeve but half is sewn together horizontally? dont like it. im returning.
I got an XL The dress fit but the material was net not mesh and it was more of a tye dye color not iridescent
Material is thick and stiff. There are better products.
I ordered the blue dress. Wasnt the same as pictured.
Such an odd fit. The shorts came past their knees. Really weird and cheaply made.
Does not really hold things in place feels like yoga pants... was looking for something more like spanks
This is NOT waterproof at all ! Do not be fooled. The first thing I did was drop water on the arm and I mean drip with my finger tips to see if it would roll off because I'm traveling this month and it's supposed to be rainy this time of year and the water went right through to my palm. I am so glad I tested this first. I am returning.
very itchy thin you can see thru it I want to return this but does not know how
This was so poorly made that I gave it to Goodwill, hoping they can get rid of it. It was a pretty blue, however.
Does not look or wear as the picture shows
Never received the item
Theses slippers stretched out one hour after wearing too big for by far they look like the shoes of a clown
Ordered a M, they sent an XL. No return policy? Please send what I ordered
Didn't even make a whole 4 hours at work in this uncomfortable nightmare of a costume. It looked cheap and felt like sandpaper. The glitter skirt was a mess instantly and over a month later still finding glitter. I threw this garbage away and can't believe I wasted the money on it. Don't waste yours.
The logo in front where you keep your card damages the chip I just got done ordering my third card since I got this wallet
Used it once. Sat down for lunch and realized it was gone. Popped off and never seen again. Wasted purchase.
Purchased two shirts and they are NOT WORTH IT!!! they are very thin and looks like they are made of cheap kitchen rag material. Nothing compare to a jersey material.
I wear 2X clothing. The shirt was too small, not even an XL. The size needs to be reviewed by the manufacturer or the buyer for your company.
I never received my order! I looked in my mailbox( where it says it was delivered) and on my patio but It was not anywhere. Help!! :(
These socks are extremely thin. The very first day I wore them I went to town and ran errands for a couple of hours; by the time I came home, I had a hole in one of the socks. It's not like I was doing anything strenuous like hiking or jogging; just walking around the grocery store should not put a hole in a brand new sock. Very cheaply made; waste of my money.
I ordered size 6-9 but you sent 9-11. The outside label says 6-9 but the packages inside say 9-11.
The blonde color was yellow. Did not match hair color at all
This item never arrived. It was sent to my previous address and never arrived to me. I am very displeased there is no way to contact the merchant.
I do not recommend this brand of T-shirt. I sent it back for refund. I do recommend Gilden brand instead which is softer. Hanes shirt quality is not as great as Gilden.
Poorly made. Fades after first wash.
These are horrible. Not stretch, not soft. The belly band extends down to the crotch. Don't waste your money.
I am a size 32 b and these didn't even last an hour.... definitely don't recommend
Ordered a size bigger and couldn't even get it over my butt. Way to small.
I never had smelly feet but this socks gave me one. everytime i wear some other brand sock i dont get any smell, but as soon as i put on this brand my feet start stinking within few hours. Designs are really beautiful tho.
It was fake logo, did not like the print it looked poor
Unfortunately, this shirt is way cuter in the picture than it is in person. I felt like it looked like I was wearing a medical scrub top.
It broke in two places ten minutes after putting it on for the Halloween party. I would not recommend.
This product was advertised as 5 boxers in the pack, today I opened the package and there are only 4 boxers. False advertising!
So my robe came in and it came with a giant hole near the ol' butthole region. I also received a large complimentary knot of human hair on the sketchy little panties provided. This just got real weird. Sent back right away. Super cute though so i guess i will try to order it again from one of the hundreds of other chinese sellers on here lol
Received item torn. Submitted for return and they sent a replacement that wasn't cut the same and could not be worn. Submitted again for a return and the replied they'd return 30% of my money and just keep it. My problem is the replacement is only suitable for the trash, it wasn't cut so that anyone could fit it. Very strange. I would not recommend this company. It's a shame because the first (torn) romper was so cute!
The sweater was way too small. I would have assumed I had received one that had already been worn and shrank when someone washed it, if it wasn't for the chemical smell it had as well. Confusing and unpleasant experience.
They forgot to send the straps with it
I bought this in white and it's Very sheer. It's two layers and still see through. I bought this as part of my work wardrobe and I cannot wear this to work. I had to return this.
This hat was made for a child's head. Was very disappointed on the size.
cheap material. the slit in the front comes up very high.
They sent me a different brand jacket all together. The Ambience one that is also being sold on amazon. No fitting to it at all, like wearing a mens jacket.And they sent me the wrong size. I ordered an XL and got a 1X. Beyond disappointed.
I was very disappointed in the hat. Because it came folded in a bag it has creases in it that I can not get out. The brim is not shaped well and looks crooked on my head!
The dress is poorly designed. The back is shorter then the front. At least 3 inches the front is strange like your bust falls out because it's a over lap top just is not right
The zipper broke immediately
I bought this hat in a different color and decided because it is one of my favorites to grab another before I went on vacation. Day before I leave it arrives. I am excited but immediately see that it has been shipped in a bag. I already know what to expect when I open the bag. Crushed. Flat as a pancake. It says right on the packaging that this hat must be shipped in a box. So now no new hat on vacation and I have to ship it back for a refund. Bet you behind it's going back in a bag and not a box. Too bad nice hat that I will probably not order another of.
The clothes had a stink
The literally squeak with every step! 🤦‍♀️
Whats pictured and what you get are very different. It is essentially a rectangle piece of cloth. The belt loops are way too high to provide any kind of cinching. The size is huge and the dress is really long. I am 5'7 and it hit me mid calf. Will be returning
My night started out great with my inflatable unicorn costume. However, 30 min later my motor died. My external battery pack was fully charged and would charge my phone after so it's not my battery. The motor just died. 30 min into a party. Since I had no backup I looked like an idiot in the hat but just the shorts I was wearing under. Luckily I got one picture to prove that I was ever wearing a costume to the people giving me strange looks for the rest of the night. Total fail. I'm super disappointed. And I would love a full refund.
Too bad to loose and to long
You need to order a size larger. Washed once, used it one time and the pouch came unraveled undone spot.
About these lovely leggings, like another reviewer I am 5'2, 110 and ordered the one size. Color is pretty. Ordered light khaki, but material is a lovely soft grey. No complaints about the color or feel of the fabric. The major problem with these, if you want to use them for yoga, is that there is no crotch panel in them, and ladies, they cleave right through all your lady bits in a very uncomfortable and unusable way. Don't know if mine are a different batch or what, but man, they left nothing to the imagination and would rub me raw if I used them for yoga or any other exercise!
It's a bit short and boxy. Still wearable though. Problem is after two washes the seams have pulled out and it is practically unwearable.
This shirt is awesome But I gave a low review bc I did return the first one that was too big but was told I didn't and charged essentially for 2 shirts.
Poor quality. Looks ver very cheap. Shipping took way too long.
Terrible material, size was way too large
The material was pretty cheap looking and I wouldn't call it a chunky knit. It looked like a total old lady sweater. No thank you! Returning this.
Order 2 sizes bigger than what you normally wear..I really like the looks and will pass them on to my grand daughter...
The picture shows a thick winter type hoodie. That's what I was expecting. I basically received a long sleeve shirt with an attached hood and pocket. It's a very thin material, kids will probably only be able to wear it on the cool days. Not a good picture, but if you look at the top by the hanger, you can see it's not as thick as their picture.
No, no, no....not for bigger breasted women
Horrible decision to buy this. Anyone that wears this as a dress better think twice...you will be arrested for exposure. Fabric is itchy and runs very small. I even bought this a size larger based on other reviews and needed to buy it two or three sizes larger. And the smell of it was disgusting...combination of cigarette smoke and chemicals.
way too long for short people and too big. ordered a xl and it fit like a 3x
The bill is not centered on the hat so the hat looks off to one side when the bill is facing forward!! Not happy with the product.
All they wanted me to do was take a picture of the shirt. And not return my money
If I could give a negative rating I would. First, my original order was sent to a different state more than 1000 miles away. When I contacted the seller they asked me to be patient and I would receive my order. Secondly, my order has finally come in and although I went by their sizing chart, the size is better suited for my daughter (child large) than me (adult medium). Very disappointing since the item seems to be of good quality and I was looking forward to it all summer.
I was so excited to try this after reading all the reviews, but wow I tried this in two sizes and it was awful both times. I'm 5'9" 170lb and ordered an M and an L. They both came up under my bra which was great, but the thong piece was cut in the wrong place. The seam cut directly across my hips/love handle area and gave me an insane bulge which looked awful. I usually prefer thong style shapers because I find them more comfortable, but this was so awkward and ill fitting. If you mostly need compression through your stomach/waist this would probably work for you, but if you hold any fat around your hips or have love handles this is probably not going to fit.
Odd... just fit really odd
In a week's time, the stitching has fallen apart on the pockets, and the arms are coming apart from the rest of the robe. This quality of this item is pathetic.
These socks slips. I got these hoping they would stay in place but sadly, after a few steps on the work floor these started to roll down my foot. Very disappointed
Disappointed in value and material
I was so loving this coat and just after a few weeks for wearing it the zipper broke leaving me on the coldest day with a less than warm coat . This coat is so warm and comfortable but why in the world would you put such a bad zipper on it I was going to recommend this coat but I can not my sister wanted me to order her one but I can not I have to tell her about the zipper its the most disappointment of a coat that I loved.
Did not receive the right print. I recieved a white shirt
I was actually surprised how bad is this product. I have other Tommy Hilfiger items, and they are usually good quality and design. Clamps don't hold and slide down.. Suspenders are too short for a regular adult.. Returned them right away..
The zipper broke. The fabric is thin. It is not as ruffled as it is shown in the picture. I never write reviews but considering that I really needed this for a wedding...made it even more inconvenient.
Just received this belt. Wore it today and when I took it off the metal tip came off. Not happy.
Too large, didn't want a small blanket
Initially I loved this keychain, but it completely fell apart after a couple of months. I was pretty bummed.
Only had item less than a month and it is tearing at the seams.
I returned it but haven't seen the credit to my account. Won't buy again.
Do not buy this cause if it doesn't fit you cannot return it. I wasted my money on this.
Well it wasnt a Maverick product so i was pretty disappointed..I basically paided for a sweater with an iron on decal
I purchased a large and after a day's normal wear it turned into an xxlarge.
I looked like a dumpy turd in this and had to send it back.
These socks are really thin and the fabric inside the sock is rough and uncomfortable.
I'm so disappointed in this item! I made the mistake of not reading the reviews before I bought it or else I would have never ordered. The color is totally different than what the picture shows. I ordered a XXL and it fits like a small. Can't even wear it! The tag on the bottom looks cute in the picture, but has the dumbest saying on it.
It's made for someone that is a teen or younger not adults.
They fit but we're too long and not flattering
Had to return these. They were not one size fits all adults.
I am very sorry I purchased this item. Apparently it is designed to tightly cling to the body. It is very thin material and after one wash it looks terrible. It was super soft though. Would not purchase again.
Not even close to the product I ordered, not even the CC brand. Will definitely be returning.
Terrible quality and completely see-through. They're closer to thin tights than they are jeans.
Dress came with a stain on it. Have tried twice to get stain out and it will not come out
Nice product but not true to size...
Looked cute online , but wasn't impressed once I got it. The pattern looks weird in person & is actually lighter
Cheap materials. Purchased 3-6 month. Test fit was fine ( a lil big actually which is a good thing). Washed once...shrank to 0-3 month or smaller. Doesn't fit at all. Throwing away. Never worn once. Waste of money
After wearing and washing twice, the front seam pulled out. Very poor quality, even for the price. I was trying to find a bra similar to Target's t-shirt bra, but this is not it.
Don't buy it! The fit is horrible!
Stitching came apart first wear on the sleeve, just great.
Do not buy anything from this site then thieves your stuff does not come And then they don't reply when you ask
I ordered three new Wrangler Jeans , when i got them two of them were faded and one had a big rip in the side of the pants !! These were clearly not new pants only faded ones with a Wrangler tag on them !! Completely appalled !!!
This dress is cheaply made! I had my daughter try it on tonight and it's already falling apart! Ugh
Cool shirt but it fits more like a large or extra large not 2x , cable running to LED came off
Did not recieve this item was not left in mailbox . Our mailbox can only be opened by key no package was recieved
Bad quality, shrunk with the first wash.
I ordered these looking for a bit thicker sock thsn normal dress socks and was disappointed. They are just as thin as socks from local department stores. In addition they run very small. I wear sn 11 shoe and they are stretched thin around my toes an foot. I ordered the sock that would allegedly fit a 13. Gold toe is a correct name since the gold portion of the sock only covers a couple of my toes due to the small size.
This product is to small. Please send me a prepaid shipping label.
They fit well but they ride up during the day. I have to keep tugging on them to keep them down.
Soft material but mine came with burn holes in it. ☹️
These are terrible! The crotch is weirdly long and they're tight in the legs. Jogging material with fleece inside. They ripped the second time my daughter wore them. My daughter loved the cats on the knees tho. Do not recommend.
I bought a bigger size and its still too small
gave it too a very small co worker of mine!!! MAD
about 2 sizes smaller than it should be.
I loved these at first but as other reviews state the velcro scratched my baby's face. My heart dropped when I saw two huge scratches on his cheek. So disappointed, they really need to do something about the sharp edges.
If you have NO BUTT, they'll probably work for you. They run extremely small, there's no delineation from front and back cuts, so if you have ANY kinda butt, it will NOT BE COMFORTABLE!!
The hat was beautiful however it was shipped in a "flimsy" see thru box that was smashed to where the bonnet was falling out of it. It was shipped in a "flimsy" envelope. It made me sad to see this happen. I was embarrassed to give this gift.
I never got it to look like the pictures mostly looked horrible on me. Returned
Not at all what was described.
Never received this item. Did like was told and gave it time - then after some family emergencies forgot. Be careful ordering from here!!
Still haven't received it, but they are sending me a rate your transaction!
Sizing was wrong it is definitely not a 2X was so small
The print is very, very cheap looking.
Not as represented and now I can't even return.
The dress look nothing like the photo. Way Too Big & The zipper was broken. Not Good Quality for the price. Look very cheap
You cannot text with these gloves. They need to changed the description of what these gloves 🧤 can do.
I ordered 2 sized larger than i wear, but two sizes to small. Sad fit.
These are not good if you have a larger chest. I tried to use more than one and it didn't work.
Cheap fabric and the sizing guide is a joke. I returned it on my own dime and had to follow up a month later to get my money back.
Items arrived in the plastic bag, damp and moldy
Very bad quality for yoga pants. However, they are comfortable for pajamas.
Way too small and I bought an xl and I'm a size 6
99% sure these are knock-offs. Nowhere near the same weight, fit as other real Hanes beefy tees that I have. Bad stitching, no tags, and came in a non labeled plastic bag. Do not buy.
Not as it Spears in photo
Received a completely different item than what was ordered. Returned for refund.
These were a weird shape for me. unfortunately I missed the window for return and these are now going in the trash. What a waste of money. I don't recommend.
Very low quality. I've sent back my original order because it had holes and the replacement one also now have holes in it. I've had this onesie for about a week. Do not recommend. You get what you paid for (actually less than). I recommend just spending the money and buying a proper onesie.
These socks do not fit. The foot is too long and the ankle is too tight.
These briefs are of very low quality. Not only did they shrink much more than expected, they started coming apart at the seams after a single wash. I missed my opportunity to return them because I opened them late but I would NEVER buy these again. Learn from my mistakes and avoid purchasing these.
Product description says gown but its an all in one pants and way top big for a newborn. The headband stitching is coming undone, very disappointed.
This looked like an embroidered box on me...not flattering at all which was disappointing because the picture was so cute. if you're busty...the larger this shirt gets the weirder it fits.
Do not purchase! My card holder broke shortly after using it. The clasp is not very secure.
So thin... so so thin. They fit perfect. Looked great. Getting in the car and they ripped. Wasted.
I am not happy with this dress at all. Looks great on line, I can't say the same when I received it.
Doesn't stick on, absolutely not worth it.
I wish I could give zero stars. I received my package today and my pack of six was only a pack of two T-shirt's. The grey is not a smoke grey and does not resemble the picture what so ever. I'll be sure not to purchase anything from this vendor again.
The item is NOT as described. The item description and the outside removable paper tag doesn't state they are low rise. Either the description or the stock need to be corrected. Ordered twice-same issue
Ordered this for a friend for her daughters birthday and the order showed up with one dress in a 5 and the other a 2T I don't know how or why you would send one dress in a 2T and the other in a size 5 but they did. unbelievable and the order was for a size 5. Picture attached showing both dresses side by side.
This item is worthless. The first day I wore it, one of the snaps came off. The dress keep popping open. I can't wear this dress outside of my house. Smh. Dissatisfied
Not this best for white business cards. The oil from the leather has turned all my cards into a mess. Turned the edges yellow and I'm embarrassed to pass them out. My husband gave me a wooden one instead of using this one.
They sent me the wrong item and I still haven't received this bikini.
It doesn't fit the way it looks. The zip in the front is folding and making some bad shape
Ripped in 3 Spots first time I put them on. Horrible quality.
If I were 300 lbs I would Iove it but for me 5'3' 140 lbs it was not flattering at all. The photo is deceiving. Sending both back.
The product arrived over a month late and was poor quality. Not good enough to hold a modern phone in place while running.
Not at all good quality
When you wear it for the first time it looks awesome but after one wash it looks very bad after one wash
I never received the hat. I want my money back! It's been 3 months!
A bit thinner than I hoped but main problem was the seam wasn't sown properly. I had a two inch hole in the leg seam. It went back and I bought another variety.
Came in disgusting. Holes and dirt all over it.
They are clearly seen under a bra. Did not work for me.
Soooooo small the XL fits like a small
this shirt is really cheaply made. not nice at all. returned it
would never buy from this co. and will tell everyone about them . Junk , sizes are way off .
This product is too small. It doesn't fit right... A waste of money
This dress had such a horrible smell to it straight out of the bag.
Was shipped in a bag which cause the brim to be bent up. Nobody ships a brimmed hat in a bag.
I wish I knew what this product looked or fit like - all I received was an empty bag. So disappointed- I really wanted to wear it for Halloween tomorrow.
The Champion Tech Fleece is a much better item at 1/2 the price.
The seller are crooks. Did not send the item. It wasn't a lot of money, just the principle behind it. Made several attempts at contacting them and I did not receive a response.
Great shorts for $10. 1 star because they were advertised as twill and are just plain ol' cotton. Shame on you seller.
Typical crap from China. I am 6'1, 195lbs, and I ordered an XXXL to be safe. When it arrived, its a boys size. It fits a 12 year old boy.
The purpose of a bra like this is (in my opinion) so you don't have to wear an actual bra for those trickier thin tops. That being said, this bra covers none of those bases. Not only was it not sticky enough (one pad fell off an hour and a half after wearing it in the office, no sweat), but the pads are SO THIN that you can tell if you are cold. Which is not ideal. At all. In the end I resulted to taping myself and then attaching this bra.
Super cheap material, itchy and see through. Tight in all the wrong places.
Product never made it to me on promised date. When I tried getting refund because I no longer needed dress, they gave me a hard time and only wanted to give me 1/2 of my money back. I'm still waiting for refund....
Small was like a dress on me and way too wide
Super thin cheap material. Does not look like the picture that appears to have some form to it. Looks like a potatoe sack with American flag..straight cut.
The mask is very big and does not look real
I felt like it was a sheet with a hole in it for my head to go through. Way way too big. No where near like the pictures. I usually wear a small and ordered a small.
VERY TRANSPARENT! before I even put them on I could see through them! I planned to wear them with my gi so that wouldn't be a problem but my group will transition from Gi to no-gi and I need spats that can do that too these are NOT them
This was way too big and almost more like a sweater material..Very disappointed.
Says they are universal fit, but you would have to be a 10 year old to fit in it :-(
I bought 9 of these shirts and I only received 8 I did not receive the purple shirt.
Bought it for my girlfriend and the front chain its terrible. It breaks off too easily
Horrible fit. I went based off the size chart and ordered an xxl even though I thought it would fit too tight according to the chart but I risked it anyways. Once I put it on, it was a horrible fit. It literally fits just like a regular shirt. Not tightening at all. Hides no flaws. I'd say order like 2 sizes down if you want this to work even slightly.
The folds that hold the cards stick together making it difficult to pull the cards out. If you keep your wallet in your back pockets the folds stick together and when you pull the wallet apart it sounds like a Velcro wallet.
Screen printed. Not at all what is pictured
Mask was torn when I received it. Very disappointing, and unfortunately returning products through USPS is not worth the $10. Do not buy.
Got a long sleeve version of this ! Not what I asked for .. still cute though
The police helmet did not bring the flashlight. I am very disappointed since that's the reason we purchased this item. My little one was sad and disappointed as well.
Horrible. Does not lift DD breasts
Vero monte 4 pairs of colorful socks: A bit too tight and too thin and exterior and interior package and socks stink like perfume! Yuck! Said no returns allowed. What the ?????!
I did not receive this order!
I was really disappointed with this baby clothes. Way to small, it can only be fit to a doll.
I returned it. 3XL Is huge. The reviews lied
I like the idea but the bra itself did not fit at all. Nor would it stay on. It kept peeling off.
It didnt fit, I even ordered a size larger
Nice and soft but thin and to large for size 7 foot.
The Pants They Sent Me Were The Wrong Size. I Was Very Disapointed. So I Got A Refund.
Cheap! Stitching awful especially with stripes!
I didn't like this at all. It's way too thin and cheap.
These ripped within the first time wearing them. Very cheap material.
These socks are the worse socks ever. The black ones are really tight and cause your foot to swell up. The white ones are so small and tight you can't get them over your heel!
Chinese sizes? L was a small US
This came with a faint picture and was to small. The chest was also to low for a real anatomy.
The shoe fit wrong and then fell apart the first time I wore them.
They say you get what you pay for. And yup you definitely do, the material is not the best. It's somewhat too big I bought it for my daughter and I'm not too sure I want her to have it 😬
The top button de-attached from the cap the first time I put it on.
The material is very thin and scratchy. Tried washing them a few times and even tried using fabric softener, (which I don't like to use.) Still scratchy and shrunk to half the size.
I would never buy from this company again. They stole 79 dollars from me. I sent the dress back to them and they refused to refund the funds even though I have proof they signed for it. Amazon did nothing for me.
I'm disgusted. This bra came in a plastic bag and when I opened it it was very clearly used and filthy. How this was accepted as a return and then later sent out to me as new is mind blowing. I'm disgusted.
My daughter has been dancing in this for less than a month (only once a week) and the top seam is already come undone. I'm so disappointed. My daughter loves how this fits her but we are going to have to buy something else for her to wear to dance. It is poor quality.
Never received this item and original seller is not responding. Believe it's a fraudulent company
Why is there fringe on the bottom of my jeans? They don't look anything like the picture.
Way too small. This is not an American sized blouse. Ordered a 5X and it is maybe an American large size.
I ordered this pant several months ago and found the medium to fit perfectly. I ordered another pair recently in medium in black instead of the navy and it is huge. It may be mislabeled as it fits like a large would. I have not lost weight. I have washed it several times thinking maybe it would shrink a little, but it still fits like clown pants. The only way I can wear it and have them stay up is to safety pin the waist. I am very disappointed and dissatisfied. It is not worth the hassle of sending back. the construction of the pant is great, but with such variance in sizing I do not feel comfortable in buying again.
Too large in some places ( around arm holes) and ruffle didn't sit the same way. Returned for refund.
Although the size is an issue the colors outweighed the size in this instance. The colors were not the same as in real time. I ordered both the pink and blue and they both looked so wrong that l want to return both of these tops. The colors do not match what is n the description box. The number of stars for me is less than one. Not happy.
Didn't fit well. too small.
Product is made small. Ordered 2XX and they are too small in waist even with elastic. Also unable to return as they come from China.
I own several Stetson flat hats that I like and wear daily. This hat was a disappointment: the material is too thin and the top sticks out a half inch over the brim - wasn't expecting that. It has become my dirty work summer hat.
Cute dress but poorly made. Wore it once and the stitching started to come apart. So sad.
They are not true to size
They sent me the wrong size I ordered a large they sent a X Large . I will never order from here again the company never made it right I emailed them 2 times .. & sent a picture of the item they sent with the wrong size ... showing ... nothing back ... I am VERY DISAPPOINTED..!!! be careful ordering from other countries ... I wish I knew it wasn't from America when I ordered I am disappointed in amazon for allowing some of these companies who do not speak English to be doing business with them .....
This product's description is misleading. It says it's for a little boy but when I got it, I saw immediately that it's clearly for a little girl. Not only is the material spandex but the labeling is also girly. Returned right away.
it wont stay on, very disappointed :(
Never received! Company cancelled order then offered to me at increased price
It is very small, the bills stand out, some documents such as driver's license does not enter the card holder, it does not have a purse. The quality is very good but the rest leaves a lot to be desired. I could not recomend it. I do not return it because I would lose more money doing it
This is what I didn't like...It wasn't what was in the picture. Find something else to buy.
I wear a size 18/20 woman's t-shirt, blouse, etc. Sometimes they call this a 1X . So I ordered a XXL to be sure it would fit. I could barely get this t-shirt over my head and on. Once it was on I could barely breath. The quality & printing on the shirt are GREAT. If they let me return these I am going to order (4) XXXXL to replace them that's how impressed I was the quality.
Was sent the wrong shirt!!!!
I hated everything about it
The gloves tore up as soon as I put them on. I only bought them to wear for one event. It was certainly a waste of money.
Broke almost instantly. Definetly get what you pay for.
These shirts are not soft at all. They are extremely uncomfortable. The fact that they call them comfortsoft is a joke
Don't like them. The snap closure is not convenient and easy to open and close.Need 2 hands . Sorry I purchased them.
The reindeers were not attached well to the socks. Both socks had big holes on them. I spend a lot of time trying to fix them, so my kid could wear them at least once.
Much too large in the toe box. Can't wear them with shoes.
Bought the white socks. Poor quality. Wore my first pair and they look all ready look worn out with a little holes at the toes.
An entirely different set of Justice League briefs was sent.
They fell apart when putting them on for the first time.
Bad customer service never received the product had to ask for a refund
DO NOT ORDER THIS ITEM IF YOU ARE UNSURE IF YOU WANT TO KEEP THE ITEM - AS YOU WILL LIKELY NOT BE ABLE TO RETURN. As this product is covered under Amazon Prime and Free Returns, I expected to be able to return the item if it did not work out. After I ordered the item, I found a similar product I liked better. As soon as I received this item, I went to My Orders to initiate a return. I hit an error stating "This item is ineligible for return". I reached out to the seller. The seller sent me the Amazon Prime Return Policy - which did not support this item being non-returnable. I messaged the seller again and the seller agreed (the item should be returnable) and instructed me to just mail the product back myself and they would refund me. I asked how I would be reimbursed for the shipping cost (since this should qualify for free returns) and the seller sent me the Amazon Prime Return Policy again. After reading the policy (again), I messaged the seller about my continued concern and never heard from the seller again. Fortunately, Amazon Prime customer service is amazing and they refunded me the price of the item without having to pay for shipping myself.
Very stretchy but hugs body well. Purchased for a friend who wears XXL but she can fit a Large. The other 2 ordered never came so canceled. Ordered this outfit through another seller.
I ordered 3 different set colors. Received ALL of the same color that's not even available on the products described. I was messaging back and forth for over a MONTH without any resolution but to return items paid by me. I've had to constantly repeat myself. The worst customer service ever! Oh and how convenient after complaining and not getting a resolution they changed it to free returns on some colors?!?!?! Shady business! I'm out over $30 with junk I didn't want.
Rating should not even be 1 star but you have to select a rating. Box was completely damaged and looked 2nd hand. The item did not look new or it had been packaged poorly. I do winder if amazon sold me a 2nd hand product
Vendor sent the wrong size and wrong color. I am still waiting for the problem to be resolved.
I have purchased Gold Toe socks for many years. Unfortunately, the quality has dramatically declined in the past couple of years. These socks were especially disappointing. After a couple of wears and washes, the fabric began to fray, white elastic threads appeared and the elastic at the top of the sock lost all of its elasticity and so the socks live at my ankles. I've thrown them out. RIP Gold Toe quality. PS - I'm looking for a substitute sock that has reinforced heels and toes, and strong elastic at the top of the sock. I'm currently trying Jos A Bank socks which have reinforced heel and toe, but would appreciate other suggestions.
Learn the American measurements
Itchy wish I didnt buy it in 3 colors
I have had a similar product many years ago that performed great. This item is very inconsistent in the amount of gel that was in each unit. The first one plumped up to 3/4 of the length and the other had just a small amount of the gel. The length of the scarf is too short to fit around our necks comfortably, maybe it would be suitable for children if they had better quality control.
Loved this design and was so excited when I received them. Super soft, but had to throw them away super fast. After only my second time wearing them the material literally fell apart. Holes everywhere and the thigh area was destroyed. Totally disappointed.
The item did not fit well. Not to mention one leg was noticeable shorter than the other. Will have to return this
These worked okay for a few months, but the bracket on the bottom band snapped. They seem to be cheaply made.
Absolutely a sack of garbage that should never ever be sold on Amazon. This piece of crap fell apart the first day I used it. Don't ever buy this crap
TERRIBLE!!!! I received an empty package!!!
Cheaply made threads hanging.. sending back.. a bit too long also
Packaged arrived and as soon as I pulled the costume out of the box the material already looked like it had been worn 10+ times and was near fraying. The material is very thin and could be easily ripped just by pulling on it the wrong way. The spacing between the buttons is so big that you will have to wear something underneath to keep from flashing people, not to mention if you bought this as a costume you will freeze due to the sheer lack of material to keep you warm.
I ordered this dress because my daughter is going to be a flower girl in a wedding soon. Am extremely disappointed sizing is way off. It cam in way to small.
These are a rip off. Literally.. I bought these to wear on vacation. The material ripped before I even got off the plane. When I landed, I ripped a hole in the pocket reaching in for my passport. Cheap quality.
Poor quality, material not what I expected. Does not meet expectations.
really small not like me but cute colors
I am a small the first one did not fit this one I got a xlarge it did not fit right do not like it at all like to return it
I asked for a small they sent me an x large
Returned them. Disappointed in the product overall
Sent me the wrong product. Wasn't able to send it back.
I ordered these in February and it is now August and I have never received them. Seller said they would re-send but still no leggings here. I am very disappointed because the reviews I read looked like a good product. Hope I get my refund... they were $60 when I ordered them. The price is almost half that now.
I ordered a shirt size 10 year and was sent an adult 3 XL shirt. So I was unable to use the shirt for the day that I needed it.....highly dissatisfied
It's really itchy and had some bald spots
These socks don't look like the Picture ,they fall down very easily was not really happy with them at all!
The watch fell apart after one week of gentle use.
What was deluged was not at all as described. What it received was a black chiffon top(?) bummer cause I really wanted to try this dress for a party.
Its pretty and I like the colors.
Chest look like it was pinching my boobs lower. Strap were way to close together.
At first I loved it, but after I wore it twice it dulled and looke tarnished can't wear it again
I never received and I got charged for item???
Made way to small it is supposed to be a 3x and I would say it was xl. Very cheaply made I was very disappointed I love SHINee.
Really disappointed when I opened the package and the white sweatshirt had stains on it.
Wrong size not rechargeable and came with no batteries
I am trying to an email reminding me to return this item....which I did!!! I don't know why it hasn't been received but it printed the return label and sent it back!!!
Shorts poorly made...not denim
Ordered plus clearly that's not what I got but not worth sending back
I only got ONE hat!!! How?? I spent my money on 2 pcs and only got one.
Top of hat was not sewn on. Terrible!
The fit was great. The motorcycle was great. However, that is immaterial since the sleeves came out with holes in them after being washed only a few times. My grandson was very disappointed.
Rhinestones fall off easy, one side of the breast was missing so much it looked black. Couldnt pull it off and wear it was too noticable.
Highly disappointed by the product. Box was damaged and the tie-pins had no finish and had lots of scratches.
This dress is terribly see through, I ordered the white and it came in a weird yellow color.
They sent me the wrong dress! It wasn't even the same dress, style, nothing. Tag said some different brand also. As I tried it on my daughter, the zipper completely broke! I know it's a cheaper price, but the quality was so cheap I don't even want to try the correct one. Returning it ASAP!
The bra was not sticky at all.
Love these socks, super warm but after about a month of wear, the developed holes on the bottom. I asked the seller to replace them and they said no.
I don't know how it fits.....i never received it.😤
The bottom part of the dress was not flare like the photo. I bought two dresses for myself and one for my mother and I am highly disappointed of the way it looked. The shape of the dress was not what i had expected. I wanted that nice flowy look but it's just a long dress. The top part was too big therefore i would need to take it to a seamstress to give the dress some shape.
I ordered an XL but when the skirt arrived the tag inside it clearly says size 8. And yeah, it's the size of a size 8. Which is not XL any day.
This product rolled down the second I put them on. The fit was good. So that was not the issue. This product is a waste of money.
They sent me the wrong soze
Reviews and product guide said it is in US sizes. I am a large to XL in US sizes. The large size I got is small to extra small. The tag says L. It is clearly not in US sizes. Why lie? Good thing I got the sale for $30. I'll probably just give this to my nephew... Definitively not a $79 jacket. Ok buy for $30 but not over $70. Thin material. No idea why the reviews are mostly 4 star.
I purchased in October, but didn't begin wearing the jeggings until Nov. By Dec, they were falling apart.
The dress fit well but the overall design/pattern was missing from the front. The pattern was only on the back of the dress. I should have exchanged it for another but didn't want to wait for a new dress to be sent.
Returned... did not work for me.
This thing fell apart the first day I put it on. It fit great just not made well!
colors were awful - not as shown
Super disappointed, like a few others mentioned mine was nothing like the picture. The quality of the t shirt itself was fine but the graphic was poorly printed, very blotchy, not clean and crisp like some other peoples pictures or the main photo. I have already set up a return, a shame because I would have been perfectly happy if the graphic wasn't so poorly printed.
didn't like this at all. the material is way too thin for a white ensemble. returned it
Do not buy this! The plastic ID windows pulled away from the leather the second day of ownership! Horrible quality!
Barely there is not barely there! The shade is suntan. Yikes. I'll be sending these to good will.
The brushed metal came scratched and scuffed. I had order two other colors that were great.
Although very comfortable, poorly made. I washed the garments before wearing them, as they were new products and 2 out of 4 aleady had holes. But the other 2 are very comfortable.
I bought the black and Love the look and feel but they turn sheets an mattress gray even thought being washed 8 times
I like the earrings just fine but they arrived broken
Corrupted not one but TWO computers' video outputs. Fortunately things returned to normal when I uninstalled the software. I returned these items.
Socks were cleary seconds (defective) with irregular seams along the toes making them very odd looking and uncomfortable! Looked like a child butchered them!
I thought these would be warm because of the fur lining, they are not, I live in Michigan. My flannel lined leather gloves are warmer.
Very bad quality, cheap! Was bent, and couldn't take out the markings
First of all my rating is not the product because I've never received it in the first place. I was so excited to receive the dress for a friends wedding to go to but when i was tracking my package it says on the day of delivery that they were unable to drop my package because they couldn't access front door. I was amazed bacause my front door faces the street no gates no fence and public access is so easy so tell me why the heck they couldn't deliver it? I called amazon and they said it's considered as a lost package and will refund my money back. I told them i need that dress and if they can overnight it the following day? They said that they will give me a discount on shipping and do a fastest delivery there is on the same exact item. You think i will order the same thing again?
The cut on these is so odd! They are not cut right.
Horrible fit and make
Ordered 3XL and it fits like an XL. Grade A China shirt for you. Also the logo was all washed out. Very poor quality.
Terrible jacket. I ordered a 1x and it was way too short and wide. It shrunk and is now so deformed I can't wear it. Do not buy
I doubt these are really a Hanes product. I have this same boxer that I bought at Macy's, and purchased these Amazon boxer's as I needed more. Not even close to the same quality, waist band is narrower, elastic is not as strong, very poor quality sewing, elastic waist bands don't match evenly in the back, the fly gaps. Complete and total junk, mine are in the trash..........save your money!
This was no way a small. Horrible fit, huge!
Not what I was expecting. Material is cheap. As soon as I took it out of the package a wad of threads fell out with it. It also arrived with 3 stains on it right out of the package. Straps constantly fall out of the holes in the back when you put the dress on or take it off and they are not easy to thread back through. I also don't think the neck fits like the picture either. The only thing it has going for it is that it fits as expected.
I still have not received this item! I will give a proper review as soon as I receive it.
So often, the size is too small to be comfortable during exercise. They don't fit the sizes given in their information. i'm just donating these because I am sick of getting things to small and it's a pain to keep returning them.
Material is terrible
I wish I could give it a zero rating because I haven't received it. It's been over a month! I find that unacceptable. Never again!
Shipped to me used, balled up in an unsealed bag and covered in dog or cat hair, with the plastic ring that holds the strap together broken.
The color is more mustard than yellow in person and if you have the slightest bit of curve to your body, it just looks very homely. Not very flattering at all.
This jacket arrived and was cute as pictured. Sadly, I was only able to wear it twice because it fell apart. The first day, the pocket ripped. I was disappointed but figured I could sew it. The second day, the zipper broke and I could no longer close the jacket. I had bought it prior to an upcoming trip so the return window closed. I had to borrow a jacket for the rest of the vacation. And worse, I have to buy another jacket now for our other cold weather trip. The jacket is cute but was hoping I could wear it more than 2 times! I would have contacted the seller privately to address the issue but was unable to because the return window was closed.
Felt stiff and sized too large.
UPS dropped if off somewhere else, but not my address.. I got an email stating that it was delivered, so I looked outside my front door and there was no package Needed this for a wedding in November. I did however get a full refund. Seems like it would have been a beautiful dress. Had to go out and buy something at last minute. :(
The fit was to large
absolutely nothing like the picture. design looks blurry like they just took a random skeleton image and blew it up without caring what it looked like
Whatever happen to Dockers they used to produce good quality products. This one is really junk, the material is terrible, the workmanship is even worse. I'm not buying anymore Dockers!
terrible packaging. I got the glasses and the box was crushed and not the glasses don't sit the way they're supposed to
29 length is my regular length. For some reason these jeans are way too long and just don't fit right.
This was made completely wrong. It was awful
This is very cute, however so small. I ordered a large amd it fits like a small. Very tight in the chest smashing my chest dow and causing pull lines on the shirt. The rest of the shirt is very fited as well not lose and flowing lile the picture. Also the material is no as pictured. It is satin and very shiney not a Matte color
The product was never delivered. It says it was supposed to be in my mailbox, but I never got it. So I'm extremely disappointed.
The product description clearly states: "High-quality zipper" & also "...durable zipper for secure closure." This is a LIE. Honestly looks and feels like it will break after a couple uses. Additionally the product smells/stinks when you open it. I hope I can get a refund.
NOT work slacks. They are basically leggings with small pockets. Can't wear to work because they look far too casual. Very disappointed.
DO NOT BUY.... cheap Gilden shirt that's heavy weight uncomfortable material. Horrible sizing. This company also has a 50% restocking fee. STAY AWAY
So disappointed in this bag. This was bigger than expected and MUCH heavier. Won't purchase again.
Very cheap material went directly into the bin
So upset was needed by Saturday and I still have not received it . Claims it was delivered at my address but I never got it so I now have to go out and buy another one .
I was disappointed when I received this dress. I didn't even have to try it on to know I hated it. The quality, feel and look of the material was awful. I had to return.
The website says shirt is made out of cotton, polyester and spandex. Got the shirt today and it's 95% rayon and 5% spandex. Disappointed because it's not a soft cotton polyester blend like advertised
It got a small hole. I did not expect the damaged product!
Too big in the waist and too long
I ordered an XL but received a Large. Size def. runs small. About two sizes too small. It's a cute skirt. Pretty material and heavy.
I have hips! the center piece would not stretch over my hips! I gave this outfit to my cousin who is a size medium, it fit her perfectly!
It's too small . No can fit. I'm so disappointed. I like return it but I have no time. Waste money
This is not fitted like in the picture. I ordered a medium at first and it was way too big. I sent it back and ordered a small which was still too big. I normally wear a medium/large bottom. The material is also rough and the sides do not lay quite like in the picture.
I got this and immediately had to send it back. It's like a poncho! Not a robe. It's very cheap looking and not sexy at all. I couldn't have had my SO see me in this, or anybody else for that matter. Does not look like the picture at ALL.
I ordered these for my 4th graders as a Christmas gift. They were too small for a 9 year olds hands. Looks like these would be great toddler (2 or 3 year old) gloves. If whoever you order them for is older than that - DO NOT ORDER THESE! I was very disappointed.
I ordered these and never took them out of the package. When I received these I received both orders from the same seller in one package, I return these are all in the same package and yet I've only received the refund for the one item and the other two on this review I have not received the refund yet
Was so happy with this dress out of the package, but after washing (hand wash and no dryer) it shrinks beyond being wearable. You can't sit down in it or walk without the flap flying open. The high review is very misleading, people need to come back and update after they have washed the dress.
Impossible to tell from the product picture. The front sewing line on the felt part ends just short of one's forehead, and it leaves this tacky looking crease smack in the top and middle of one's head. Wearing this hat makes your head look like a penis glans. I've tossed mine in the garbage after trying to see if altering it would help. Save yourself the money and buy a hat you can try out first.
It was cute but not as pictured- it was a much more poorly made version and the wings were way longer and messy looking and cut different- Not worth buying.
The material is stiff and is smaller than expected. I constantly had to keep pulling the shirt down because it rolled.
What more can I say? This little romper was cheap, and you can tell as soon as you touch it. You can practically see through the fabric, too. Would NOT buy again or recommend!
Ever received the package
Very cheap and didnt look ANYTHING like the picture.
I purchased this dress for a tea party at my daughter-in-law's church. It has a strong smell coming out of the package, so I washed it in cold water and let it hang dry...smell gone. The dress is very cute and fit well (make sure and follow the size chart). The reason for the one-star review is that as I was getting ready to leave for the party, the zipper came apart at the bottom half. My daughter had to help with the zipper, but it was stuck and she couldn't move it either up or down. Fortunately I was able to pull the dress over my head to get it off. I had to wear another dress out of my closet which wasn't nearly as cute as the one I had ordered. So disappointing!
Sizing is fine. Fit good. The back side slips down like any other sock like this. So annoying. I gently wash and never put them in the dryer but after a couple of wash, it started like this. I can wear them anymore.
I really wanted to like them :( But I'm very disappointed, as item is not as picture! They run very small and shorter than expected.
This was never delivered to me very disappointed with this order
Clip was stiff to use then pivot screw fell out on second day. Screw was not usable.
I know some ladies who are size 10 that can't even fit into these pantyhose. Who in the world was this made for? Not women because the shape it fits is utterly bizzare. And I'm not even a big size 16, I'm a proportional, plus sized lady and can't fit anything but my calves into these. If you have thighs, a butt or any kind of curves please turn away.
Bottoms fot great top wouldn't cover my boobs. It was made for someone who has very small ribs. Got a medium and way to small. 5'6'' 125 lbs
It's lights up nice but it doesn't glide in the air as it should.
Very poor quality! This hat is brand new. I wore it one time. If your hat size is 7 3/8 +, probably not going to work.
Don't buy this product. less than 2 months they have started ripping and tearing.
Flimsy, quickly stretched. No cushion to the sole. Overpriced. Would not recommend.
As most ladies who buy yoga pants know, finding what you want online is a challenge. Not too long, not too short, no weird cut outs, no funky waist, not too thin, not too thick, etc. So, when I found these by what I THOUGHT was a quality manufacturer, I figured my yoga wear woes were over. Turns out, not so much. They seemed to be everything I had hoped they would be at first. Then today, after fewer than 10 washes (delicate cycle, cold water, low tumble dry) they suddenly pretty much disintegrated. The seams tore apart like toilet paper leaving me holding a rag. Don't waste your money. Spalding need a to up their quality control game!
The belt tore in half a month later, not worth it
Horrible quality. Totally seethrough everywhere.
Ordered this to wear with backless shirts!! If you have a small chest do not order!! It does the complete opposite!! Makes you look smaller in size!!! Straight in the garbage it went!!!
I ordered copper antibacterial socks. What I received was compression socks whose packaging made no mention of those two qualities. Will be returning them for another brand that delivers as advertised.
Not worth it look sucks. Nice pattern though
The seller sent me the wrong item and I never received the pants.
This product is absolutely too small!!!!!! I wear a 1x or a large in shirts and dress and I bought the 3x and it dosent come no where close to fitting!!!!!!!! I want my money back!!!
It was cute for the prize but the fabric was to thin
Absolutely none of the products were the same as the picture. Not one single item the same! A complete waste!
Had to return side was not even sewn.
Finishing on the dress looks cheap the material on the back looks like what is use to line suit cases and and bags and I have to give a star to submit my comment it's not worth a star
THIS PRODUCT DID NOT ARRIVE, THEY SENT ME AN EMPTY PACKAGE
This shirt was supposed to be a 3X but was really a medium fit. Ridiculously small!!
This item was not received. Still awaiting shipment even though I gave a rating. Cannot put starring as yet.
Item requested did not have buckle. Its too short for my use. Nice quality though
really wanted to like this skirt, I ordered up a size and it was still too small. The coloring is all off too, it was supposed to be light pink and it was more of peachy beige and see through.
It was suppose to be one size fit all.I usually wear a medium and could not get it over my head. VERY SMALL.Not happy at all
I don't really like this product because I find it to be uncomfortable and low quality in material.. I have had better one. Definitely not one of my fave didn't help in any ways .
The fit on these is great but they don't hold up well. They started pilling on the first wear before I even washed them and she only had them on for about two hours. After washing it was worse and I followed the washing directions.
Cheap....I went to click the suspenders and the clip broke
I would rate this item, but they sent me a wrong pair. I ordered those with butterflies on. And o got black ones with medical supplies on it.
These socks do not stay up, regardless of the type of shoe I wear. I wear a size 11 shoe, but even my wife found these socks small for her size 8 foot. I like the light fabric, but that means little when they won't stay up. Really disappointed in this brand. Also, they are not 'no-show'. I can see them when I wear boat shoes or athletic shoes. Weird claims for a product that has few positive features.
Shirt arrived and was not the color pictured at all. Very peachy/pink rather than mauve and not heathered as pictured. Shirt had no tag on the inside and was poorly made. Fit was very snug and short and more fitted than expected for a unisex tee. Not at all like other reviews. Will be returning.
I get that this is just for a costume but the hat is just a hollow shell. This was not said in the item description because if I knew this, I wouldn't have ordered it. #WOW
Zipper broke so purse is now useless. Had it just over a month
Bad Quality all around.
I never tried it on. Material is cheesey. Donated it to Good Will.
The skirt was cute but the zipper broke before I could wear. I really wanted to wear so ordered another in a slightly larger size (in case I was in denial and actually the reason it bust) but sadly know got it all the way to Ireland only to have the zipper break before I left the room
Was not impressed by the shirt at all. It was big and made of very thin fabric. Ended up donating it as my daughter did not wear it.
Incredibly cheap zipper. Broke within 4 wears. Rough and difficult zipper, did not zip smoothly whatsoever. The vest was shorter than expected which was disappointing but tolerable, however, I cannot recommend this due to the poor zipper.
The seams pull at the shoulders- see photos
I ordered this, received it, examined it, and compared it to the real totes on Michael Kors because the fabric just felt cheap. Sure enough, it's not the right color, price, logo or materials. I've immediately arranged to return this and buy a real one from Michael Kors directly.
Sizing is off, despite the reviews. Also, the nude bra came with stains all over it. Can't imagine what might be all over the black bras!
It's really cute! Unfortunately they sent the wrong size. The only option for a refund I see involves me apparently paying for shipping back. I don't feel like I should have too do that. It's their mistake.
Weird product. I decided to lose 10 pounds
The dress had little holes in multiple places, unable to return it, didn't notice until I wore it and others pointed out the holes! I guess when you buy cheap clothes you get cheap quality!
have not received it
Not at all what I had hoped for. Cheap. See through.
The zipper was broken
Never received item. Seller did not return multiple attempts at contact. Scam at best.
Does not look like picture. Cheap garbage.
The belt worked well and was more comfortable than most, but the pin holding the buckle together broke after 3 months. Update: decided to try one more, aimed it might have been faulty manufacturing. This one broke within 3 months as well. Would not recommend.
Says fits 0-6 months did not even fit my two month olds head ....
I would buy this shirt 2 sizes bigger than you think you are. It shrinks a lot and the material is not soft. I honestly would recommend you not waste your money.
Two of these shirts so far have faulty seems that continually unravel until they are gone, leaving the bottom of the shirts to just roll up.
Product was way too big I have tried to return them and contact the seller but I have never been contacted by the seller on how to return them
The quality is very poor.
I was very disappointed with this sweatshirt. With the first wear, the seams already started to split and unravel at the wrists and waist area. I tried to fix those areas in order to wash it. To my surprise the sweatshirt became very rough despite the amount of fabric softener used. Needless to say I will not be buying this again. Very very poor quality and a waste of money.
Not necessarily the product but the seller was very difficult ti deal with
Seems to always be slipping and is not secure. Not sure if it is just a defect in mine.
It came with a hole in the back, I would return but it isn't worth the trouble
Not even close to the scoop neck shown, more crew necked. Shirt was shapeless and material is cheap.
Ordered twice and still received the incorrect style?
liked the glasses until they took on a chemical smell after sitting in glove box. No way I can wear or give away ....money down the tube.
It wasn't what I ordered. Very disappointed
Very cheap looking. They wouldn't refund.
Ordered a bunny custom got sent a young girls disco custom will not order from this company again
Runs way small....order at least one size larger, maybe even two.
The sweater was put together wrong. The tag was sewn on the outside (smooth seams), the arms were sewn inside out (cuffs tacked on rough seams). In addition, before I even noticed this I tried to get wrinkles from vacuum packing out and while I was able to get some out there were still quite a few that seems like they aren't going anywhere. I thought I'd keep it for knocking around until I discovered that some seams were on inside, some on outside and sleeves tacked incorrectly.
It was to big, and it smelled so bad i had to air out my room after opening the bag it came in.
The product I received wasn't like the picture shown. It's much darker and lacks vibrancy. It's hideous.
Did not work properly, short in wiring and kept turning off when moved around.
I ordered this item and never received it 😑
DO NOT BUY. THE MATERIAL IS CHEAP AND THIN.
To small for my dog.
Cute but the shorts were a size too small and shirt was 2 sizes to big. Tried to contact company but they never responded. So stuck with it.
I think these would have been great, but unfortunately the feet are sewn together and they can't be put on. I think to cut them apart at the point they are joined would make them run. They were not expensive enough to warrant the cost of shipping them back. Highly disappointed as I had a specific event I wanted to wear them to.
after one wash the string from the edge of the underwear is coming off
The zipper broke before I got to wear the dress. The material is nice and heavy, however the zipper is poorly made and it broke the first time I put it on.
Had a really funny smell
Product arrived damaged.
It is cute but too small. I missed my opportunity to return it.
I got the same size shoe from the actual store and this was super tiny which leads me to believe they are not actual old navy flip flops go to old navy tjey are like a dollar or 2
This bra doesn't fit properly. I purchased two of the same bras, and the bands on both bras significantly gap under near the armpit.
I wear a small in everything. So per the reviews of it being small I ordered a size up to medium. I should have ordered an extra large. This shirt is not made for adults like the one pictured!!
Very cheap knockoffs. Poor quality. Legs are hard to pull out. Frame is flimsy too.
Completely see-through do not buy!
The sleeves are hemmed- wanted something more flowing. Material is thin yet stiff too
I bought this in blue with white trim for upcoming trip and loved the color. The fit was a bit large but decided to keep it. The fabric was not soft, so I washed in the sink with cold water ( no soap) and hung to dry. Every bit of the white trim is now ugly blue and the bright blue is now streaked and faded. I am 13 days past the return date so now I am stuck with a $26 item that has to be thrown out.
the sizing for this product is way off. I ordered a 5x and I don't even think it would fit a 2x person.
Terrible fit. Not even worth returning. You get what you pay for.
Not what I expected at all, the material was see through, and cheap. Will not recommend.
Ok, so first, the shipping is fast. It took 2-3 days to get here. However, in the rush to get my package to me, the pants were left out. I bought this for my dad to wear on my Halloween wedding in 6 days to walk me down the aisle (we're doing costumes). I contacted the company and explained the situation that I just need the pants sent to me. They basically said oh well, you can return for a refund. I don't want to return for a refund. My wedding is in 6 days. I don't have enough time for that. (I know it's partly my fault for waiting until the last minute). So now, I'm left with only part of the costume I paid over $60 for.
I washed this shirt one time and the color faded so much that it barely looks red anymore.
Size I ordered was for large American women but it came in extra small size for a Chinese woman. I need to return.
Fell off in minutes.
When I opened my package there was an obvious scent to the dress, perfume or detergent. There were also multiple stains on the dress. The dress itself is cute, but I find it disgusting that they clearly sent a dirty dress.
The skirt I received looks nothing like the picture. It was thin & straight with no pleats. I will not be ordering from this seller again.
Item was never delivered
smells awful, and stays on whatever touches it... toxic even.
When I received the package it was completely empty!!!! I was supposed to use the belt I purchased for a concert tomorrow night! They said they wouldn't be able to get it to me in time if I placed another order. Totally dissatisfied and extremely disappointed.
Even the xtra large was tiny. Very narrow and fit terrible. Sent it back.
Nothing like picture Cheap material
Received this about 2 minutes ago FLAT. Immediately figured out it was garbage. Wrap a pair of underwear around your head and have your kid draw a picture on the front and you'll have it. Amazon really needs to work on the stars.
This product is definitely not true to size ! And the material is horrible
Didn't expect much for the price but the padding inside the thin YELLOW top is BLACK! You can see the triangle pads in the top! Can't wear this in public!
Horrible way too big and looks cheap don't waste your money
I returned this shirt. Poor quality
After 5 wears the elastic band broke. Its too bad because i did like these pants for.work.
It was to thin and it came with a rip. Couldn't return it due to the fact I worked nights.
The zipper broke as I was trying it on! The color was off too. I ordered white lace but the dress is more of an ivory color.
Poor quality. Ships from China.
Too small... a waste of money. Hard to return. And the reviews wasn't helpful at all!!!
I never received the product.
I love to wear head band and I love the print on all of theses but when I opened then and looked at all of them I realized that the pink headband is partly undone from the seems and I kno that one I won't be able to wear so make sure you check all of them when they are received
I order the dress M but it came so stretched and long.
The fabric was stiff and cheap. Returned it
I am a size 10, and bought the XL on the recommendation that it ran small... and it's too big. What's most concerning is that the compression area starts super high up on the belly. It starts at my belly button, so it completely misses the lower belly. It's super weird. Why wouldn't it start at the bottom?
Very thin material and does nothing if you have any belly! Haha don't waste your money.
Too small for a baby and cheap looking all around! Definitely disappointed.
Received a ripped shirt!!
This is not what i ordered. What was delivered to me was not knee length, did not have a crotch opening, and the zipper was on the side of it. The one i ordered was full body with the zipper in the front and was knee length. This picture does not match what was sent.
Not anything like picture
It was so tiny and cheap and plastic. Honestly, could've done with this
This review is not of the socks. Because TWICE NY Lingerie sent me the wrong size. As a result, I am unable to try them on to see if they are good socks or not. Why do they offer size 14-16 and then send size 12-14. TWICE. If it fits a size 12 foot, it sure as hell won't fit a size 14. So now I'm leaving on vacation tomorrow without socks. I sent the first order back and the new ones just arrived. Wrong size. Again. TWICE. Did I say that too many times? Thanks, NY Lingerie! I will never shop from you again!!!
This sweater is a piece of junk! Don't order! I wouldn't even give it one star. They did refund my money and told me to donate it!
Very poor quality, image was blurry. Very disappointed
Fits weird and looks nothing like expected
Disappointed that the size runs so small.
Release latch does not always work. This was a Christmas gift and person just told me of this malfunction. Would like to return it. Thank you
Either these are knock offs or Gold Toe quality has really declined since I last bought them. They're small and have to be stretched to fit. I can't even tell if the gold area is actually reinforced and if it is it's so small it doesn't even cover my toes.
Did not receive the shirts I paid for the Amazon delivery guy was being lazy and dump the stuff off at the office instead of knocking at the door like the UPS guy does and now I don't know where they are and I am regretting this giant headache I'm going to have trying to get my money back
The medium size is so big; and there is no way to tighten them. Good thing I only bought 2 pairs.
I bought this shirt a size bigger because I knew it would shrink but Weirdly enough the very first wash this shirt went through it shrunk half the shirt, yes half. I put it on and one side is loose and free fitting while the other half is very tight and lopsided. It was a very cool shirt but not too sure about the quality of fabrics.
Was shorter than expected and can only be worn around house they hardly cover my butt
The item did arrive when expected and that's where the good ends. I plugged it in and it came on just fine. I turned it off and tried to use it a few minutes later and the power switch lights up like it is getting power but the bulbs do not come on. I was very gentle with it. It seems pretty solidly put together and I can't seem to get to the wiring under the bulbs.
They ripped the first time I worked out in them, they fit loose & plenty of room.
I ordered two leggings. One was black and one was grey. The size ordered as L/XL (plus size). The black one came with a tag and it was the right size. The grey one was small and had no tags at all. Also it was one size fits all. They should check their products before sending it.
Cheap knock off... screen printed on a Gildan tshirt. Not official which wasn't specified in the description.
The sizing chart was so far off it is not even funny. These would not even fit over my thighs. Had to give them to my son. Very dissappointed in this
My breast look weird when I tried it! Really sad about it, i know my size might be the issue but that's why I order XL since I'm CUP DD but it doesn't look nice on me, it doesn't bring the support I needed.
It felt wonderful and would have been perfect they used normal sizing. Please read their sizing guide before ordering. It is not consistent with normal sizing. I ordered xxl and it fit one to two sizes smaller.
They were not sewn very well. The seams on two pair were not seen all the way closed. Very disappointed.
They run extremely small
NOT genuine leather, it's cheap PU. Nice looking bag, however has awful, strong, chemical smell. Immediate headaches.
Product was still very snug even after I ordered two sizes up. The pocket was also on the side of the shirt and looks ridiculous.
Cheaply made but sturdy. The pockets are weak and wear out.
Unfortunately, I did not care for this product. It's not because of its looks...it resembles the real-life animal. Unfortunately, its because as I pulled it out of its packaged container, the hair began to start falling out on its own...even before I had the chance to try it on. If possible, I will be sending this back for a full refund.
I do not recommend this outfit for your pets even though it is so cute. It had nice material and everything but one there was no tracking information and I ordered an extra large and it was so small that it wouldn't even had fit like dolls. So I do not recommend this outfit.
if I got the item I would return this, but never got it?
Cant tell over the picture so i'll tell you right now. Ir is very very thin for it to be called a jacket. Imagine a hanes white undershirt, thats as close to as thin as it is.
It was like wearing a stiff bed sheet
It was not mens..it was the size you would buy for a toddler. I returned it immediately.
Falling apart at the seams when received. Thin fabric is see through
I didn't even wear the shirt! Did a pre-wash and it literally fell apart! AVOID buying!!!!!
HOW? I ordered a 3xl and it fits my sister who wears a size medium??
Is soft, but very cheap material, and edges are cheap, I will return it
You sent the wrong size! Should have been a Large Men's size!
I wouldn't recommend it, bad quality.
Item still not received
Crap. Don't waste your money it started peeling off from inside . After two days of wear..gee man come on...
it looks very nice but cheaply made and it ripped after a few uses -__-
There is no way these would fit a 3X figure.
Poor quality. Zipper was broken before getting it on
Very nice but super small, reading previous comments it said it was running small on size so I ordered two size ups and it still was kinder fitted so I had to return it
I ordered this in black, medium. I love the suit, but it is a bit too large. I'm 5'5" 125 lbs with 34 b/c. I ordered the suit in red and small. Horrible. No lining in top or bottom and sewn crooked. Ordering this is luck of the draw. Super cute design. Crappy manufacturer.
The suit i received was a return, when i took it out of the bag it was inside out and the sticker from the bottom was missing. Unsure if i am going to keep this suit as it fits a bit tighter than i was expecting.
Had to give this shirt to my wife
Way to small! Ordered a large but was more of a small!
I ordered a 2x and it was practically a small still didn't get my money back and paid extra for one day shipping
It is more like long panties. It provides no support at all.
Cheap and way too baggy and seller wouldn't pay for return shipping. Incredibly rude and obnoxious customer service.
Three weeks later I have received 5-pack instead of 4-pack and 50% polyester instead of 100% cotton.
I don't like the material the socks are made of. Very uncomfortable on my feet.
Really cheap Chinese material... it looks a lot different in the pictures than in real life. Save yourself the return process and don't order unless you like a cheap paper thin material that looks really cheap.
The shirt was ok but funky around the chest area. Kind of fits but a gap by the chest and arm pit where you can see the bra
Had previously purchased the size large. Very tight stretch, looking for a little extra length. Ordered xlarge and completely different belt, cheap stretch so much it could fit the Jolly Green Giant. Very disappointed.
Terrible fit. The color didn't look anything like the photo and it didn't look anything like the photo in the cut of the dress. I was very disappointed!!
Very disappointed. I used to buy the black leggings (with the original waistband) all the time. I was on the fence as to but these with the new waistband, but decided to try them after reading positive reviews. I wanted to like them, and they are fairly comfortable, but I ordered 2 different pairs and both came with the tag cut off and a new tag stitched on. They also had pet hair on them. It's obvious that they are used or re-branded somehow. Also, I ordered the one-size but as you can tell from the picture, I got something labeled medium. It all just seemed too sketchy so I returned them.
It was a great sweater, for one wear. That is all it lasted. I started to put it on this morning when I noticed three holes had developed in the back due to the thread coming lose.
These used to be my "go to" work knickers. The fabric seems a thinner, cheaper quality. The front panel is already tearing from the in two crotch in two places after one, yes, one wear. Boo!
Completely see though, thin material. The draw string goes right at the high waist, does not overlap. Im 5.5 130Lbs size BC cup and i go a large so i could where like the pic.
Package says it was delivered & I didn't receive anything. Contacted the seller and got no response
Save your money. These run extremely small and they're very see through and thin.
I ordered the large set and got sent all mediums!
It's not the same dress as in the picture
It sounded good..hense the 1 star for the sound. It broke after 1 hour. front of locket broke off!
When you remove the back tag, carefully with a seam ripper. The fabric still tears, leaving a hole, needing mending! Great fit! Will not recommend.
They ride up constantly. Can't wear them, I'm just going to throw them out.
Only came with two pair of tights
Really small. Maybe made for a toddlers head
Very disappointed in the shipping situation. I know it's hard to mark the product as poor but when you count on an item as a birthday gift and it doesn't arrive on time there has to be accountability. Very disappointed
This product is not sized correctly. The adhesive is good but there isn't sufficiently cup to contain a c cup.
Wore this once even hang dried it there was a whole the pocket and in the seam not happy about the quality at all will not buy another
this product is horrible the white on the white part of sleeves turned the color of the shirt after washing! these people said they didn't receive a return for one of the shirts and i sent it but they charged me again anyway! horrible service and horrible product!
Was disappointed, it was to small. I could not return because my time was up for returns.
This is terrible if you have big breasts. Dont fall for it.
Not even worth 5 bucks. It's super zoomed in and pixelated as far as design goes. It feels like dollar tree material and was not accurate on size to boot. Not sure if it's worth the money to return but these are definitely trash.
My waist is 30 so I ordered a small but it's still too large!!! The length is as expected but it doesn't grip and hold on as you would expect. I usually wear small but for this an extra small should be perfect
Doesn't fit well at all. The bottoms are only tie straps and they untie SO easily.
I honestly didn't like the material & it runs big. The color blue looks like purple... or maybe I'm just color blind.. no but seriously it didn't look blue blue.
Very disappointed in this purchase. The seam on the front of the dress ripped as my daughter put it on for the first time. Very cheap material! The dress is too big for her so it did not rip because it was too small. She needed to wear it that night for a party so I got my sewing machine out to fix it. The material is so thin and flimsy that it ripped again immediately. I do not recommend purchasing this product.
Terrible under-butt lines. I wear a size 4 pant and ordered size Medium underwear, and I can't wear them because of the elastic line that bugs under the butt cheek. Awful. Had to return.
Please note that this item arrived today and there is a hole in the sleeve where the stitching came out.
This item never arrived even after contacting the seller.
Made way too small. I'm not small, but I'm not big either, my normal size is a medium, and even the XL was way too small!
My delivery date and time was changed 3 times. Really upsetting
can't get the card out unless i take ALL cards out
Looked odd on and too big.
Cheap fabric made me itchy while wearing it. Yes I even try it on and notice it was ripped at one of the straps. If you plan on using this once then go ahead and buy it but if you want to wear it multiple times then I would advise against this one.
The products does not look how it is advertised. The dress has no shape looks more like a night gown
Way too tight and short...sent back
i have about 3 pairs of these already in the same size but for some reason the material on these was different than the previous ones. its extremely hard to put on and take off because the fabric is too stiff. look for different vendors, these did not work. bad quality.
So sad - I really liked this belt but it smelled like mold. I had to take it off at work and take it out of my office. I returned it although I wish I dint have to. Has anyone tried throwing it in the washing machine?
I wouldn't buy these again....sorry I bought two. They fall off your head and I have expanded them as far as they will go and they still will not stay on my head. They fall off when my coat collar brushes against them. They grip my head so hard they'll give me a headache. Also, I am average height 5'3" and 125 lbs.
The item was not delivered to the correct address. She NEVER received it
Horrible quality. Disappointed.
This product is not for human size, this is good for pet! Too small! Such a waste of money! Do not buy this product!!!
Loved it when I first tried it on. Shrunk by HALF after the first wash. Is now way too short and not wearable. Very bummed. Love the color, love the fabric.
Comfy. Nice fabric. Appear to be made well. However they show in ballet flats and my Mary Jane style Skechers.
I ordered this jacked in 3XL. I wasn't even a medium. Tag read 3XL but in reality wasn't even a size large. Where the hell is my credit?
The label says "ultra cotton" that doesn't MEAN cotton it means 50% polyester using the words "ultra cotton" when it is 50% polyester is misleading.
Nothing like expexted
I ordered a xl and you sent me a large
Love the color love the knit but one arm was SIGNIFICANTLY shorter than the other not flattering I'm very upset with the purchase thought I could wear it to work. Didn't bother returning just wearing it around the house
This pants fade real fast didn't last me one month before it started to change color .
Horribly disgusted. This suit arrived obviously worn & dirty. Quality control is obviously non existent. Gross.
Disappointed with this umbrella. Shortly after purchasing, the strap (attached tothe handle) came off, so I can no longer hang the umbrella up to store. Also, the spring mechanism is very tight which makes it very difficult to fold up.
The fabric is translucent and has a suffocating plastic feel to it. Imagine wearing a low-quality windbreaker that was hemmed with fishing wire.
The hat is cheaply made and the material is substandard. If you want a good Trump hat, go to Trump's website. You pay around $5-10 more; but you get a quality made hat. I am returning the hat!
This belt is not leather, its horrible contruction and super uncomfortable. Marino belt is much better than that!
I wear a size 12 in a top or a dress. 36DD, Size 8 in pants, 5'3”. It fits at the chest ok but the rest looks like a frumpy tent! It doesn't taper in under the chest or in at the waist at all, therefore very unflattering to ones figure. Very thin and VERY cheap looking. It's that slick shiny polyester material that gets snagged by everyting. I was so embarrassed by the quality that I wouldn't even let my husband see it! I hid it in my closet. The inside is white, the print is only on the outside. It looks like something that would come from a Blair catalog (learned that lesson 20+ years ago).👎 I should have returned it but I'm lazy like that, my bad. I def do not recommend.
Hate this item! Made poorly! I'm a size xl and this item just about got over my head. That's as far as it went! Shame in the seller for selling such poorly made items!!
Says it arrived but I never got it or was never shown at my house
Cuffs were way too big...shirt had a pink hue to it when it was supposed to be white. Do yourself a favor...bite the bullet and pay the extra bucks for a better quality, non-iron shirt. You'll thank yourself later.
I was very happy when I received my order. But was soon VERY disappointed. They felt good, and fit well, but they are about as durable as tissue paper. It only took a week, for them to start developing holes. Every sock is now in the rag bag. I will NOT buy these again.
I ordered two pair of these, one in 12/14 and one in size 16. Neither pair fit my size 12 child.
Does not wash well. Too many loose strings.
Followed the directions to apply and they came off in less than an hour. I was really hoping they'd work but sadly, not gonna happen.
Item is torn at the collar. I will not buy from this seller again.
I didn't receive my order. !
Bottom of socks started pilling and falling apart after wearing them once. Returning them for refund.
Product was not as expected. It came in the wrong color and does not look anything like the picture.
I wanted so much to like this dress. The first dress I received the day after I ordered it (thanks, Amazon!) but I quickly noticed the hemline was not even. I measured from the bottom of the waist to the hem, following the side seam, and the left side was a full 4" longer than the right. After returning and ordering a replacement dress, I saw another review with the exact same issue, so I think Amazon sent me her defective dress! I received a replacement, but the hemline on this dress was also unevenly cut, dipping up on one side, with a small C shaped piece also cut out. Very disappointing!! Returning and moving on from this maker.
I have never received this jacket. Ship from china. Send me wrong ja ket. They wanted me to pay for return shipping
Top cut short and not scalloped.
Your wallet and credit cards are exposed when you look for what you need. No space for pictures
You can see right through these. The material is so thin. They are black and I had black underwear on and you can see my skin through the rest. Thankfully I tried them on before going out. I am returning.
Low quality. These shirts aren't true compression shirts. Save your money and buy better quality.
It didnt looked as good as the.picture
Ordered normal size. Washed it and it shrank so bad my grand daughter can't wear it.
So pretty but the measurement are not correct! Just disappointing!
you can still see the nipples wouldnt buy again
If I could give 0 stars I would! Ordered the suit and was sent an entirely different one that looks like it came from a dollar store (see photo of what was sent to me).
Unlike the product description, these shirts DON'T HAVE ANY COTTON IN THEM and are actually made of 60% Rayon and 40% Polyester. Also, they are so see-through that it looks like you are wearing a wet t-shirt.
Never received my order even after contacting them plenty of time. Each hat got sent to different states and I bought 4 of them. They never fixed it and sent me anything back or even refunded me.
The color is way off! I ordered royal blue and I received more a aqua color. Disappointed.
The o-rings won't stay on my glasses which defeats the purpose of using them. Tossed them out.
Very disappointed in the sizing for this product. Runs 2 sizes smaller then marked!!
The shirt fits perfect but the pants are too droopy in the crouch area
I purchased an XL based of the size chart. I am 5'4”, 180 pounds with a 34H natural chest. The fabric is cheap and is thicker on the bottom portion of the dress than it is the top. When holding the dress up you can see entirely through the chest part. Fabric also feels cheap. Looks pretty online but horrendous in person. Also an xl was way to big for me, probably would have done a large. Will be returning for my money back.
It looked nice but was too small!
These have barely been worn and they are already coming apart at the seems. They are not to small either. Trying to figure out if I can still return them.
Could not tell you, NEVER RECEIVED IT.
Does not look like the picture at all !!!
It was cute BUT after wearing it once it completely tore at the seams in the back! Unfortunate considering how great it looked.
Zipper broke a soon as I put it on. And no not because it was too small.
Fabric is very thin. Wore them once and my fingernail punctured a hole in them. The hold spread quickly and it's not worth trying to repair them. You get what you pay for. Cheap and a waste of money.
We paid for 2 day shipping and it did not arrive until a day late. Had to go out the evening it was to arrive and purchase scrubs at a store that was a half an hour away from us. Very aggravating and we did not get our shipping charges returned.
Difficulty trying to return this product. Never again
I am very disappointed because the product was delivered to me with one of the shoulder buttons broken. That is such a bad look if you have stuff flapping all over your shoulders. Mind you, it was shipped to me with this defect...so I think this product is very low quality and it doesn't look like people even checked it before shipping it to me. SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!!! I most certainly won't recommend it to anyone.
Purchased for my son for his birthday. Worn one time for 6 hours for his party washed one time per directions and the pups washed off and it pulled up badly and seams came apart. What a poor product. Very disappointed. What's worse is my son is devastated!
Bought it. It damages too easily so I was not able to use because it shattered.
IT WAS SO POORLY STITCHED THE TOES WOULDN'T GO IN. THE SIZE OF THE TOE LENGTH WAS '' HORRIABLE '' THE THINNESS OF THE SOCK THEM SELVES YOU COULD SEE THROUGH THEM. STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER THEIR PRODUCTS OR AT LEAST THESE SOCKS. RUN.
Horrible quality. Started coming apart just minutes after it was delivered.
i forgot i order one already and got a cheaper one. they refuse to help me to return and get a refund
Feels cheap. It fits though.
Im really really disappointed with this product !!!! sweeter wool is badly sewn. Im afraid for the fisrt wash will all ripped. I wish I can get my money back !!!!
Worst thing I've ever bought off amazon. It was so sticky i thought I was going to rip my nipples off! Took me 15 minutes of pain to get this off me!
Never received this item, but was refunded very promptly
I'm concerned I won't receive this Cable Knit Faux Fuzzy Fur Pom Fleece Lined Skull Cap Cuff Beanie. In one area it shows as delivered but not to my address, not even close, states away. One area it says expected delivery Dec. 18 - Jan. 11, 2019. Hmmm, I wonder what the deal is?? Will I ever receive this?
They sent me non flex type for the second time in a row.
This belt is terrible and it comes with terrible, unhelpful instructions. Never wasting my time and money on a piece of crap belt like this again
I didn't wear these pants every day and 20 days later there a big hole in between my legs. Very poor quality. Stay away
Contacted seller...waaaaay too small. Seller doesn't take returns but offed a tiny settlement on cost of product. Would not ever purchase from this company in future
If you're looking for only 2/3 of your watch to covered then this is the screen protector for you! I don't know why it's so small, but it does not cover the 42mm
If a company is going to charge over $20 for baby booties and claim they are soft and don't fall off, and are the best booties ever.... I would expect at least some of that to be true. These arrived looking... old. The fleece was matted and rough, like when you get a hand me down sleeper from a friend trying to unload their old baby clothes on you. They also don't stay on as well as I thought they should. They only stay on if I put socks on underneath. They run a little small considering I measured my baby's foot and bought according to the size chart. All these 5 star reviews must be fake or the product has since changed, because these are very disappointing and it looks like I'm not the only one that feels that way.
If you have large calves these won't work.
You sent a medium size instead of extra large
I dislike the fit it's very cheep wouldn't recommend it to anyone
I recived wear pants
Hoodie was cheaply made, the pocket was stitched onto another section of the hoodie. I would not buy this.
Waaaaaay too small. Doesnt stretch at all either. Im 5'2" 100 lbs and a medium was too small. Not worth the return. Just gonna trash it.
Most of the reviews said to buy a size up. I'm 5'5", 160 lbs, and usually wear a large. I bought an XL and it was way too big. I like more loose fit stuff, but this made me look much heavier than I am. I returned the jacket to Kohl's Amazon return and ordered a large. I'll update my review once I receive the new jacket. Edit: The large fits me much better and I can still add a thin sweatshirt underneath and it's a thin jacket. I took the jacket on a trip to the Pacific Northwest andnit was perfect. Update: I had to lower the review to 1 star. Although I love how this jacket looks, it seemed to have shrunk after 1 wash and a seam down the middle of the liner came apart and shredded. Now I have to carefully sew it or somehow take the entire liner out. Very frustrating as this wasn't a cheap jacket.
It is smaller than most 38C
This is a No for me. The material felt like a rough, thick sheet. Not what I had expected based off other reviews. I wanted this to work - but it didn't for me.
I wouldn't bother ordering. Almost a week after promised delivery and it still isn't here. I now have no gift for Father's Day and have to go through the process of trying to get a refund.
This shirt is so cute but the quality is terrible. Very wrinkled and the button on the back popped off before even putting the shirt on.
I have ordered mini mouse and you have sent me micky mouse ??? I have a girl and i wanted mini mouse i am very disappointed
It fell right off and even if it had stuck, they didn't look pushed up and you would have been able to see the adhesive top with a low cut shirt.
Not good quality, not symmetrical, lopsided, flimsy. I want To return them, but it took me too long to open the package to inspect them! I'm super disappointed.
The girls were falling out all over the place! Terrible bra, with no support--I would not recommend purchasing!
Button came off too big and all it was a nice shirt
Received the product. Was a bit disappointed when they were not the same size. One strap is a bit longer than the other.
Stitching came undone immediately. Already took tags off so couldn't return. Disappointed.
It came with missing buttons. Very disappointed overall!
Why does Amazon allow this vendor to ship used products when listed as new? Totally dissatisfied with the product which not only isn' new...it's missing parts... How can something as simple as a belt be missing pieces. Something has slipped behind the loading dock.
They never came. No one ever told me that they were lost in the mail or something and yes, they refunded my money but it was too a place I didn't want it refunded too and I was never notified about the refund until it was after the fact AND I would have rather had the tank tops as I am pregnant and I need them! Super lame!
Comfy on the legs but waist is too tight
I was expecting the shirts to be packed but they were not.
The adhesiveness was good and stayed on all evening Good thing there were 3 pair in package; had to use all three. The product is good however not For 36-38 DD
These shirts are horrible, there is no way the sizes are correct. Definitely would never purchase them again
Poor quality. The onesie is also a weird size... very wide but super short. I wouldn't recommend it
Product was not well made and arrived falling apart.
It was almost impossible to put on. And when i finally did get it on i didn't really see a difference.
The dryer balls shed
I bought two pairs of these. The batteries that came in them were corroded.
This fell apart almost immediately. Embarrassing as this was a gift. Also smaller than I thought it'd be. Looks cute for a minute though.
Super disappointed in the product. Wore it once, loved it until I let it dry. I believe the stripes bled on the bathing suit. It looks like dirty stains all over. Tried to clean it and it only continued to bleed and create more stains. Do not buy this color. However my other bathing suits from cupshe have not done this
Purchased for my wife for a church fashion show, what a piece of junk. Taking it out of the bag it was just falling apart, feathers everywhere.Made in, I'm guessing China.
Ordered what supposed to be boys 6 pack and got 3 individual t-shirts. Emailed supplier about returning. Havent heard anything back.
zipper broke while wearing at work and had to cover up with a sweater. Embarrassing
Would have loved this if they could get what I ordered right. Two tiles they sent me the wrong color.
Very cheap material, which is expected at that price. Although I did like how it looked, I did not like how it felt wearing it. And even though it was cheap I don't think it is worth it cause it would not last long. Just spend the money and get real and good quality merch.
I ordered three of these and they all look melted by the way they were packaged.
Shirt came ripped on the collar
They look really cool and don't feel bad on your hands but outside of that they don't do anything. I have used copper bracelets and magnetic bracelets and they seem to work real good. But these gloves did not do much for me.
so I just received this dress and it is horribly made. Cheap shiny see thru fabric... reminded me of a Halloween costume type material you buy at Walmart or a Halloween store. It looked terrible and I'm 5'6 and it was long and unflattering. Makes you look like you have fat rolls when you don't. Returning it ASAP. Worse dress ever and makes me wonder why these reviews are mostly positive??? Hence the reason why I ordered to begin with. ...maybe another fake reviews type thing.
Poor quality, bigger than expected
Nice gloves but no "touch screen" capability here. Very misleading. I needed true touch-screen capable gloves and these were not it, so I returned them.
The fabric is see through. If you are strictly going to wear his under other clothing than it will work. However I found this sis not offer any support either. Bought for hiking but returning since I can't wear it alone
This was my first time using a type of bra like this, but I read a lot of reviews and made the decision to buy this one. All it did was cover my boobs. No support was so ever. I would have been more satisfied with nipple covers.
the companies sizing runs a couple sizes to small. UN-protected packaging of the product for shipping. the hat was crushed during sipping. creases in the hat caused by damage during shipping due to the hat being placed in a plastic shipping envelope. the creases has caused the leather to show wrinkle scars in the leather. i will be returning!
Did not fit and I am unable to return it. Very disappointed
Not even what i bought it was supposed to be a unicorn this is not and it small
These look great but run very small the largest size is comparable to a size 10 which is not XL if you are over size 10/12 do not get it
I already had a pair of these and they are pretty worn but fit great. Wanted a new pair. Very disappointed when the new pair was baggy - same size, same style. Sad...
It did not look like to model picture. I am 5"4 and it was pass mid-calf. Maybe they need to sell this in petite.
This thing looks like a bunch of fabric sewed together and looks like a trash bag when you have it on.
The underwire started coming out and through the material a few days after a month wearing it. I couldn't return it because I had already passed the return window. Won't order it again
Too short in length Head hole was too small Was ripped when I received it
Terrible product wore once and fell off all day. Made breasts an awkward shape!
I am **SO** DISAPPOINTED!!! I bought this to go under my civil war era costume and it is freaking tea-length!!! The bottom hoop is supposed to be no more than 1 inch above the ground! This is closer to 18 inches above the ground so the skirt bells out then drops like a wall!! COMPLETELY RUINS THE LINE OF THE SKIRT!!!! I was also hoping to wear it under my wedding dress that needs a little oomph to it, but no. This one is being returned as completely useless!
The headband was missing from the order. The whole reason I chose this outfit. It also runs very small.
I was really looking forward to this dress . The material is very cheap. Was very disappointed with this product sent to back
I ordered both dress size XL and one was a medium and one was a large.
This beanie is poorly constructed. It unraveled at the top after a month of wear, and then it was too late to return!
Cheap Quality will break, had them for maybe a month before they snapped
I bought this dress and it was not what I expected at all maybe more because it swallowed me up. I'm a medium and purchased a large just in case. Awful.
Doesn't stay up and on so i wore it for barely a few hours and had to adjust it the ENTIRE TIME. so glad i thought to wear it under a casual outfit before wearing it for an event. wish i could return it.
I wouldn't know how it fits because I have not received it! I would like a refund please!
Too cheesy for my use
I have dropped of the return package the same time with other item . Only one item was processed . Not this one ?
Pajamas ripped upon first wear. Such a shame. The design is cool though.
Pieces of junk! The film is coming off of the lens! Haven't had them 3 months and falling apart. Also, did not work at all like polarized lenses are supposed to. Too late to return & get money back. Don't buy this crap.
It arrived all ripped up and damaged! If I could give it less than one star I would
The sizing is off and extremely difficult to return or get a refund.
The body is a goos fit but the problem is with the sleeves. They are too narrow and was so hard to put my baby's hand through it. Didn't even use it anymore.
Looks like the picture but shrinks after being washed.
I am a 40DD regular bra and this product was not made for my girls! Zero support, I didn't use them, just sitting in my closet.
COUNTERFEIT! I have ordered these many times before in Amazon, and were great. Now, in my last order I received a fake, not authentic version. Now items are much lower quality, much smaller fit, labels fell off on the first day I used them. I'm not buying them again in amazon, they need to revise their list of suppliers and sellers.
Shirt was a different color from the picture.
I ordered these glasses almost a month ago. They are still not here and 5 days past the original delivery due date. I needed them for a vacation I was going on. I had to buy a cheap pair to get me through. I will not order from this vendor again. I'm hoping the item is delivered soon.
Definitely not what I thought I was getting. It does not cover as much as the pictures show (and I have a short torso), it rolls down, and didn't smooth or flatten anything. Instead it made me look round and pregnant. I ordered a 3X and you can tell they are made for smaller people, not truly for bigger girls that have a little more to smooth out. Very disappointed.
xx-large is really just large
It is extremely small.
Ugh, sadly dissappointed. Looks cheap. I'll donate it to the kids dress-up pile. I even ordered the right size based on specs.
Fruit-of-the-Loom; I expected quality from a trusted brand. They failed with these shirts which feel like you're wearing cardboard impregnated with horse-hair. Not comfortable at all & shrinks miserably after each washing.
I don't have a huge butt, only average I think, but these things have such a short crotch seam that they ride high and are not that comfortable. I am usually a size small, I bought the medium size hoping for more room. Not to be had, they are very tight, I would not buy them again.
Love the PJs, keeps me super cozy BUT CHEAPLY made. Upon arriving the elastic in the waist was cheap as it didn't "expand" at all. After washing and wearing once, I have had to mend by hand holes in 3 different seams I found in the crotch and left arm. Thank you.
I was very happy with this coat at first, but after less than 2 weeks, the zipper "popped open" at the bottom. I tried fixing it 3 times and it kept breaking. Really a shame, because the coat is cute, fits well and is very warm.
Cancelled my order because it was going to the wrong address (my fault) and reordered with the correct address. 4 days later they ship the order I cancelled anyway. I try to cancel the order going to the correct address, send an e-mail to the company saying I want to cancel the newer order, they RESPOND to my e-mail the same day, and then ship the new order the next day anyway. When you willingly accept money from customers and then just don't monitor changes in those orders, you don't belong here.
Ordered 12 pair received only 6 the package was cut in half. Send seller message no response
I should have paid more attention to the reviews and left this item off my list. Not much warmer than a t-shirt and poor quality.
No support whatsoever. Cute colors. Quality is about. 2 out of 5 stars. Unless you have had a breast augmentation these will not compliment you. I am a 36DD and have used better palettes that have looked cuter and provided much more support from Marshall's. If you are smaller in the chest all my complaints fade away...and these would work ok for you. Returned
I want to return this item but the link to the return label is not available. Please help
Poor quality shirt .when I received it cuts all over it and has holes
I ordered a 14-16 and the dress that arrives MIGHT fit a 12 month old, not a girl size 14. Do not know how to send it back and I'm not paying for any shipping. The sizing is not accurate and misleading. FEEL cheated out of money!!!
Did not like, looks very cheaply made, and very bulky!!!
I loved the dress but I clearly ordered a medium but I received and Extra Large dress. would like to return and exchange
Thought this was cute. Fabric is uncomfortable and fit very small even after following sizing instructions.
I was so disappointed with this blouse, I am Xl and look like a M, it doesn't look like as a bought on line
So disappointed in this product, was expected much better quality, ...more like thin cheese cloth...runs extremely small. It was so pretty in the photo. Total waste of money... (minus ☆☆☆☆☆)
Wow, what a waste of money. Product is horribly stitched, and uneven. Customer service sucks for this company so it's going back to them.
Ripped when first putting on.
Clips come off the flower most before wearing once
I am 5' 9” and this for a shorter person
not as advertised did not refund all of my money
I have other Cherokee straight leg pants that are actually straight. These are SO wide and flared! Very frumpy looking.
The fit is not great for me. I took the padding out because it's so big and bulky. The piece of fabric that the cup attaches to sits right in the middle and is in the way for nursing. The bras just feel bulky and awkward.
Never showed up. I never received them.
Hole after one wash. I will try another brand next time. Very disappointed because I liked these until I washed them.
Funny story. I NEVER GOT THIS DRESS!!!!!!!! THE SELLER IS TOTALLY IGNORING ME AFTER STEALING MY MONEY. MY DAUGHTER NEEDS ANOTHER CHRISTMAS DRESS. THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!!!
pictures look great, but dress was not as expected. It runs big, its quite sheer, the back is completely bare, and the top front portion is does not completely cover my daughter's chest. Not appropriate at all.
Pom poms were uneven and loose, flopping all over the place. If I knew I would have to take it to get it sewed I would have purchased elsewhere. Looks cheap and nothing like the picture shown
It fits like a potato sack. Never mind wearing it outside. I wouldn't wear it inside even if I was home by myself
Bought this for an emergency replacement for my cosplay mask Too small Too hard to adjust It ended up breaking
I will never. And I meN never order from these people again i tried the dY i recieved it to ask for a refund because it didnt fit right and to this day 2+ months ago no response. I've tried multiple times and ofcourse now it's to late t ok return it.
you'll never receive your order and the seller was dodging all my emails
Doesn't fit at all I even looked very carefully at the sizing. I can not even begin to put it on. Totally rediculus and s wast of money. If you are very small framed it may be for you just order a LOT bigger and your normal size. The fabric was soft and had a good feel and hung nice on my 11 year old daughter.
Looks cheap, not great material
These things are not a body shaper. Ladies all these are some high waisted chonies that are a little smaller than they should be. You will barely notice a difference it any at all.
Terrible. Wayyyyy too thin. First pair had a hole so they sent me a second pair which also had a hole. These hose are so thin. Don't waste your money. Great customer service though.
Cheap material see through
I never got my hat they are playing games.
Total damage in several areas of the hat. Do not buy from this vendor.. ordered for same day delivery and the hat was damged and ripped/torn. Very disappointed. The person that packed the hat had to see the damage..yet it was still boxes and shipped. No damage to the box.
I am disappointed! The shirt does not look like the one I ordered!
I bought 34” waist pants - they were perfect but my 34” inch belt could not even be closed - nowhere on the belt itself was there a size - it measures 34” but that's not enough to tie a 34” waist - the end tip barely touches the buckle.
I ordered one suit, was sent the WRONG suit, entirely. Started a return, new suit was sent. New suit came, had to return it for poor fit. In the shuffle of suits (not that big of a deal really), and the way things are labeled, I have not been issued a refund. Very frustrating to be out $30, and have no suit. No way to contact the company to get this set straight. Very angry and would not recommend.
Its to small for my glasses
Never received the item. Requested a refund to Amazon card but have not seen the refund.
Too big product is not what I expected
These are okay. They're kind of like a light control top for pantyhose. Not much tummy control... though tight on the thighs. Much lighter fabric and less control than my Spanx Higher Power shorts. They also lack the little rubber grippers that help the Spanx stay up on the back. They have two large seams that run down the middle of the legs on the front and the back (NOT SHOWN IN LISTING PHOTOS!), which are very visible if you're wearing it under tight clothes. Not worth the money.
Im purchasing again even though it already snapped after 3 days.. but I figured it's cute and cheap
This shirt never arrived!
Way too small. Held the DSLR with no room for anything else. Unless you literally only need a bag to hold the camera with no other lenses, look elsewhere.
The sizing of these shirts is completely confusing to me. I've purchased several in an attempt to get one to fit me. I have failed, and I give up. I would love to own one of these shirts or a waffle pattern Henley shirt, but the bizzare sizing and fit of this shirt is just too much to take. The shirts have either been comically tiny or huge enough to fit over a Winnebago.
Clip broke when putting on pants for the first time!
Too small. Didn't fit well at all
Too small, awkward to use all the clear straps. Just generally all feels awkward on the body.
I usually wear size medium, but these size mediums seemed a bit too tight to call them mediums. The fabric is also very flimsy and they got a run in the leg just an hour into wearing them.
This item was ordered on 10 April 2019. This item has not been delivered as of this date - 30 April 2019. I have been charged for this item, including the tax. This is the second order I have made in the last two months that has not been delivered as of this date - 30 April 2019; despite email communications. The very least Amazon can do is either ensure the shipment of the items or issue a full refund by 15 May 2019!
There was a hole in mine when I got it. Very disappointed.
This product was not true to size. Order a size bigger.
A very unsupportive and uncomfortable bra. I returned it there was no way I could wear it. I felt like I was falling out of it.
This material feels like plastic. One side seam at hip randomly cut with scissors. Poor quality. Disappointed. Returned item.
Very bad quality also my size usually L and i ordered L but it looks like small!! Even didn't fit to my wife..don't order this pant it's really really poor quality
These are so thick and so heavy, they are like a diaper. I can't imagine that anyone could actually like these. I'll be giving them to Goodwill. Fabric description is not relevant. I thought these would be a thin and soft. Would not buy again. Very disappointed. Waste of money.
When your one job is to sew two pieces of cloth together, machine aided, and you can't get that right.Poor quality, poor production! Save your money and time on these shirts and look elsewhere.
I didnt receive a mask... please send me one so I can give this 5 stars because the suit was really cool... just need the mask to complete the costume :(
This shirt feels like cardboard. It looks like you're wearing a cardboard box too. Don't recommend.
Belt clearly states IMITATION LEATHER on the buckle. The black paint chipped and peeled and after a scant 14 months, the metal clasp broke, rendering it useless. This belt is a piece of crap.
Usually when on Amazon and you see "free returns" you expect it to be like other products you can return without cost - that IS indeed what free means. Apparently not. This shirt was wayyyy too small and pretty see thru. I went to return and am now reading that I have to pay up to 6 bucks in shipping for an 8 dollar shirt. This is insane.
Had to return. The arm hole was sewn funny and didn't fit correctly
Never received item. Seller put wrong address on item and wad delivered to another city. We never saw the item
ONE STAR FOR SHIPPING. Unbelievable! This package was not protected at all. The items were shipped in their box which wasn't even taped shut. It was just an open box that anyone could have opened and viewed. This box should have been in a prime box or something else to protect privacy Just to be clear, when I received my item, it was in a plain white box with shipping labels. The box was not taped shut, nor was there anything stopping someone from opening the box and seeing what was inside. The forms themself where in a clear plastic bag inside the white box. I have no clue how many people opened the box and peeked at my item.
Doesn't really look like the pic. Looks more like a glow in the dark stars.
Never got my package this morning
Very sad that when we took it out the package it was damaged! Super cute except the letters which is why i go it
I bought it in Feb, but I just noticed that one of the straps twisted by its own and it can't be fixed. I would like to have it returned. But amazon returning window is closed. Hope the seller see this review and help me to process the returning. Thanks!
its made in China so therefore it never is going to look like the actual picture not a good experience.
material very thin and not true to size
Like a much tapered fit, very baggy. Material was also very thin...
I ordered this swim suit a year ago. And i forgot about it and i realized that i never got the suit. I had messaged the company about two weeks after i purchased it to see what was going on and again for a refund but neither message was answered
I ordered these socks in a size 9-11 - AS ADVERTISED - and twice they sent me socks for size 6-9. I love these socks, as I've had several pair before, but it is important that they fit my feet. Frankly, I am a bit irritated that they turned around and sent the wrong size a second time.
Bought for a Xmas present . Never recieved . Still waiting
I ordered a new coat with fur trimmed hood. I received a USED coat without the fur, a little girls bracelet in one pocket and a USED Kleenex in the other. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!! (Have to give a star rating which is why there is 1 star from me 🤨)
Not impressed, came already damaged 😕 cheap material and not worth the price ... disappointed !!!
I never received the item, it went to wrong address . And your company still owes me a refund.
Many reviews commented on the fit. I can buy anything off the rack; I'm a standard size 8. This cost was just out of proportion altogether
This product was exactly what I wanted, but was entirely too small. I ordered up one size and it was still too small.
Skirt was thin and very sheer. Very flimsy.
The shirt online is long sleeve. That's what I ordered and I received the shirt in short sleeve.
Return this as if you are not perfectly sculpted it shows everything.
the words were gone.. They had fallen off.
IT DID NOT CONTAIN little girls dress when it arrived. The women's size dress is pretty, vibrant, comfortable and true to size. Initiated a return just to contact the seller, do not want to return the women's dress as it's what I wanted. Will update review when the order is corrected.
Ripped the 1st time wearing poorly made
The body length was too short for a 4x and the sleeves were way too long.
Very thin fabric and not worth the money
Do not purchase this sweater. The material is super thin and not sweater material at all like the picture. Way too small. Very disappointed
I don't know how I would get all the wrinkles out. The flower was crushed . It certainly wouldn't have been good for a Gatsby wedding.
I just wasn't impressed. It looked and felt cheap. Much less shapely and more like box cut out than depicted. Returning. Might work for someone with a little more curves.
Too much butt for me
Sleeves were way too short
They didn't fit so i had to send them back. Couldn't even get one leg in them
The sizing on the belt did not match the sizing listed.
I wanted a thin sock for tight shoes. These are not thin at all, they are medium thickness. Other than that they are your average sock. UPDATE: back to change my 2 stars to one. These socks are so tight I can't wear them. My leg ends up hurting and turning color. These in no way are a women's sock. They'd be fine for some pre teen girl maybe.
Wind blew it off of my head and the string ripped through the entire hat rendering it useless on the first day of using it. Quality very poor, might have been a lemon?
Never received and was charged
Hat came in a bag and it looks horrible
I'm so upset. Ordered this for my son to wear on Valentine's Day next week and it just came today and was completely soaking wet! Because there was a hole in the top of the package and the shirt was not wrapped in any plastic just thrown in the shipping bag, which was NOT properly sealed and mailed. I have no idea if it is just water and how long it has been wet because it hasn't rained here in days. So for it to arrive that wet not taking a chance on mildew etc..! Shame too because it is so cute, he would have looked great in it.
All that came in was a weight loss book, no robe.
Product showed up defective, ripped apart before kid even got to wear it at Disney.
Ordered xl short and received medium regular
Poorest quality sock I've ever bought. And with the saucony name. My son has worn these maybe two times running cross country. They a piling, fraying and basically falling apart. Very disappointed have had these for two months. Do Not Buy!
I'm so upset with this item. This was a birthday gift for my daughter. She opened it yesterday. She wore it to dinner and then again this morning, and the costume already has two holes! One in the seat and one in a glove. She hasn't even played outside in it. She is so disappointed as ladybug is her favorite character right now. I definitely regret this purchase. Don't waste your money. This costume is very cheaply made.
I never received my order 🤬🤬🤬
Waist band is too tight. And the part that goes under you is way too big
Bought it based off the sizing chart. 34 d and I bought a medium and it was so small that I couldn't get it on.
It slips off. Is not worth buying
Did not receive item but says it was delivered waste of money !!!!
Disappointed, too small not true to size.
Disappointed cuz I originally got the L=US M but it was too large, so I requested a return refund, and purchased it again but as a M=US S and that seemed to fit the same as the L size, but even worse was that my package was already opened when delivered, and the skirt seemed worn and had loose strings coming out of it. I want to contact the company but am not sure how..
Even after washing the robe this is the worst product I've ever purchased on Amazon. It gets little black and blue fizzy bits all over you that make a mess and are difficult to wash off. Stay away from this robe. The material is also cheap.
Product looks great and fit as expected, however when you wear these gloves an overwhelming order of fish and a dirty kitty litter box is very prominent and stays on your hands.
Not good at all... didn't work... never stayed on even though I clean my skin very well before I put on.. not happy at all :(
I ordered Ballet pink and what 8 got was pink, totally different color.
Not pleased with the quality. Received yellow instead of rose gold.
This smelled like toxic chemicals
Returned. Ordered large, the pajama bottoms were 8” to long, the top was to snug. Not US sizing.
Two months ago today I ordered this and still have not received it. I received one little message weeks ago saying it was running late. I'm attempting to get my money back.
They are not true to size AT ALL
Horrible shirt.. I wouldn't give it one star if I didn't have to
i did not get anything in mail box today or yesterday wonder where did you it goes my hat hello
To small for size 12... not good quality
Company told me that they were having issues with this product but they seem to still be selling it and charges for a restocking fee and return shipping fees which is half the amount of the outfit. Top is tight, pants are baggy in the rear as if the costume was worn and missing pieces of the outfit. They don't want to honor their errors, poor customer service.
looks cheap not what I envisioned from the picture
I recieved the wrong brand shirt and it was packaged poorly
I've bought several of this KB Ethos hat because the quality was good and the shipping was excellent. Then I got my hat in the mail and it was shipped in a plastic bag. Not only was it in a bag that doesn't protect it from getting crushed, it was put in a bag that was too small so it got folded. What's so hard about quality shipping? I took the time to spend my money with your company, the least you could do is make sure it gets to me in good shape.
I never received the lure.
Supposed to be a Triumph shirt. But came with Beatles logo
Didn't fit like picture.
Broken Hoping to receive a replacement part for the broken section it self
At least one whole size to small.
These shirts look nothing like the photo shows, they are much more formfitting than one is led to believe and not what I was expecting.
Wrong color much bigger than photo Never received a refund.
If you want a bra with ZERO support and your breasts constantly coming out this is your bra!! I have year old sports bras that hold my breasts up better. The material is very comfortable, however, it is in no way anything as the pictures show. The models obviously have underwire bras under neath.
2 months later and every pair has a hole in them, ranging from quarter size to half dollar.
Totally not pleased with the random blue gems. So out of place. Nothing like the photo shown. This just arrived. Want to return. Going to call for replacement or return completely
Absolutely horrendous! This is not a HAT any woman would actually wear. Aside from the fact that it is made from plasticky crap, not felt, it is super shallow and just looks like garbage! Save your time and money! Probably the 2nd crappiest item I got off amazon in the 15+ years I've been a member.
These gloves have a lining that made it almost impossible to get my hands in correctly. I'm sure the gloves would have been warm had I been able to wear hem properly.
Awful. Torso way too short. Not worth the trouble to return. Threw it away,
The hat that was delivered looks nothing like the one pictured on the listing.
This sweater is not very good quality. The color is not as expected. I would not recommend this product.
size chart not accurate way too small returned
Very visible panty line in yoga pants
Not at all what I was hoping. Too small and awkward shape
Was extremely short and material was soo cheap
This hat is too small for an adult, and it cannot be returned. I am very disappointed. Tag says made in Korea. I don't think this is genuine CC. I've purchased other CC hats (made in China) elsewhere, and they fit nicely.
Very disappointed. Doesn't light up like the picture shows. Very big. Definitely fits an adult head better. But my son will wear it regardless. NOT WORTH $30!! Save your money people
Pictured is short sleeved, but this product is long sleeved.
Did not receive ordered since september 19 2018
Would like to return. Have not worn. It was too small fit weird. Went on a cruise and bought for that. How do I return?
This product was not even close to the right fit, even after measuring to get an accurate size. Material flimsy, and definetly can not be used as a sport bra. You'd be flopping around everywhere horribly! I suggest not to buy!
It's sold as a sweat shirt hoodie but is very thin hate it
I ordered a women's XL and received a YOUTH XL. I need the item replaced so I can wear it Sat. How do I go about doing that without having to pay again??
This looks nothing like the photo, very cheaply made, and fit was bad
This is very cute, but when I tried to put on for a party a few days ago, it ripped the whole back :( disappointing
This was way too tight! I normal wear a medium in shirts. I ordered a large and it was too tight.
Do not buy these. The design is very poor and blurry. So bad! See the photo which compares print definition below:
The 32" length pants were maybe 28". Not even close.
EDIT: I returned to purchase 2 more of these "awesome" shirts but what I received was some ugly, chiffon box shirts that I am immediately returning. And I now changed my 5 star to reflect the newest item from this seller. I buy lots of tops from Amazon for casual wear and never take the time to write a review because they are just average, casual tops. Then there is this top! Yes, its still average and casual but the fit is so flattering! I'm 5'6 and 135 pounds but I have a bit of a belly and I LOVE leggings so I'm always looking for the perfect shirt to compliment them and I finally found it!
I ordered 1 set and the first one that arrived looked like it had been worn before. Fabric was pilled and it looked dirty. Returned. 2nd set arrived - and underwire bent and fabric was pilled. Would not order these again or recommend you order from Amazon on these. Would buy direct from store.
Was not as advertised.
They don't stay put as well as I had expected. I haven't worn them except for around the house to try them on.
Will be returning. Very poor quality and not thigh high socks.
Size does not match. Quality acrylic 100% Issued a return. The seller received it, but the money is not returned.
Overall size is okay but way too feminine, polyester material plus the hem was longer than expected
Did not receive exactly what was pictured. Was not clipped on when receiving. Tried to set it up myself by looking at this picture, i noticed it was not exactly made like how the picture looks either. Poorly made and felt cheap
Way too long not sure what to do with them will probably donate to charity!
The tights are soft but the Dark Blue, is not a dark shade of blue. It's more of a Navy Blue...which clashes with a Dark Blue skirt.
Never got the package and Was denied refund or replacement
This item doesn't look like the picture at all. I wouldn't recommend it.
I bought an XL, but it must have been made for an XL Chinese lady. I the US this would have been a size 8, I wear a size 12, no where close to fitting.
Came very wrinkled and for the price it's not worth it. I was very disappointed with this purchase.
I never received my package
I was sooooo careful putting these one - I mean it's not like I've ever worn hose before. As soon as I got to the top of my leg - they tore! I had the right size (actually they were a little larger then I needed).
Extremely thin and sleeves were very short
Pure junk. Looks nothing like the picture. Cheap, thin, and runs way too small.
My husband bought these in Mediums from Wal-Mart in October. He wanted another pack and could not find them in store anywhere, so I ordered them on here. Same size, package, materials, everything the same. These are labeled as Mediums, but are the sizes of Smalls. The waist is an inch or so smaller and the length is visibly an inch and a half or more shorter. We had already washed them and he had worn a pair so we figure we cannot return them now.
Design feels rough and cheap. Image missing parts.
Runs really small! Had to return what I bought, wasn't with the effort to buy/replace.
This product was extremely cheap and poor quality. Made with very cheap plastic and the hairs keep falling off. It didn't look so cheap in pictures. Bad purchase. Bad. Bad. Bad.
The brims is falling apart. Works better if you have long Thick hair. Wish I could return it.... but didn't read the fine print. Nope can not return this item.
It ran really small. Looked like it was a child's size.
My dad loves it but the family sys he looks ridiculous. Lol
Product was much smaller than I thought it would be.looks really cheap
Tore up the first time it was washed
The socks are cute but not usable for barre class, the fabric is too think and the small was way to loose fitting on my size 7.5 foot, I kept slipping during planks and the socks were falling off of my foot. I so wanted to find a more affordable alternative to the Pure Barre branded socks. But these just didn't do it.
I ordered this, but it left a lot to be desired. The quality was ok, not great, though, to be honest. Still, the fit was off for me. If you have a bigger bust, regardless of general weight, the fit of this blouse will make you look like you're wearing a bag. I don't normally order online for this very same reason, but I took a chance. I had to return this, so I recommend not making the same mistake that I did. Size for reference: 5'5 145 lbs, 38DD.
Received smashed up and was unable to use and unable to return. I do not recommend buying this from this shop.
These things looked worn out out of the package and fell apart from the waist band after 1 wash! Since I had washed them, I didnt bother to return them, since it would look like I was trying to return old underwear. Rip off!
I like the jumpsuit and quality is as expected for the price — decent. But the wrong color was sent to me.
The pants were way to small and should be ordered maybe 2 to 3 sizes up.
The product was not good at all. After one was on the jersey, the material of the numbers and name on it was coming off
Fun, but very thin. I was expecting them to be thicker so I could wear them to work on s casual day.
So cute in the photo..Reality..The material is a synthetic that is just not nice on the skin.. The print was blurred and it was a really boxy fit. Not flattering at all. If the material were cotton it would probably lay nicer...
I ordered a medium and received a size xxxl. I returned it and didn't bother ordering from this seller again. There's quite a large difference between M and XXXL, I don't see how that mistake could have been made. I'm still waiting on my refund.
The inseam is very tacky. I'm returning. Very see through
Cheap fabric, looks frumpy
I sized up due to the reviews and it was huge! The fabric was cheap.
Lace started breaking after 3 weeks.. now it almost torn.
This Product was made cheaply out off 100% polyester. Even though I ordered a small the outfit came 3 sizes too large. Not Happy at ALL!!! Don't Buy....Should have trusted the one star reviews.
Cannot keep buttons on this jacket. very cheap poor quality
These socks is not good,the first time my feet were worn out of a big blister,so terrible!bb
Cracked item arrived - not even taken out of the bag and you can see the pic Very flimsy plastic
I received strawberry tea instead of fish net Stockings . There is no return allowed even thought I have prime.
This top was so much smaller than the "large" I thought I was ordering. The size chart did not match what I typically wear from the store.
Cute but the shirt arrived with a hole in the sleeve.
I'm so disappointed, there is a hole in the crotch. They are lightweight, and comfortable..it's just a shame that I had to fix them before I could wear them, and will probably have to fix them again. The sewing is so close to the cut edge, wish they had been sewn with a bit more care.
Product was way too small I ordered a 5x this is at least a small. Do not order from them
Very bad quality. Broke within days of getting it.
After reading the good reviews I was excited to receive the product. Came in today, girlfriend was putting it on and the straps broke. Very disappointing
Cheaply made and full of loose seams.
Should have listened to other reviews. These don't stay up. Constantly sliding down into my shoe. Too bad A products like this is hard to find
I asked for the return slip then mailed it back and now I'm getting a prompt that I might have sent it back a day or so late. I was only given a week. They were way too small. I sent them back but now it sounds like my money will not be refunded. So they get the product and my money?
purchased this to dye, and specifically looked for 100% cotton. After dying, I learned that this is not 100% cotton as advertised.
Not trick or treat studios. Some knock off company called trippy lights
Please. this is an Asian size
Worst ive ever purchased
I'm 5'6” 190lbs with a size DDD breasts and my girls can't breath! Way to small. Not to mention, it's see through and very very short. Don't buy this.
The feel of leather was as suspected but the style looked different then the photo. The shoulder cut is exaggerated almost like the 80's and much too big for my taste. If I saw it in a store I wouldn't buy it for this reason.
Not what I expected. Looks like it's going to fade and fall apart after one wash. The camera doesn't capture the poor quality you see in person. Looks kind of cheesy.
I was notified delivered but the package was nowhere to be found! It was a birthday gift for my mom and I'm so disappointed!
I have never received item and written many request to seller! Would not recommend
Looks and feels nice but ordered XXL and it is actually medium size.
Very thin material and the buttons are almost down the middle of this shirt ....not on the side as shown. Returned item!
These came and were WAY too small. So disappointed!!
After one Wash and the arm strap fell off. I don't want to return it and try to fix it myself but very disappointed.
This outfit is poorly made .
This item isn't the same as the picture. I ordered 24 months and it fits like 12 months. Need to have better advertising on your products.
VERY SHODDY SEWING, looks like something a child would make
Doesn,t prevent wrinkles
This quite literally did NOTHING for my mom belly. Now I'm athletic, I lift weights and take MMA classes. I'm a size 4 pants size small top. I had 2 kids. I eat healthy too. I lost a decent amount of weight. But I still have a pouch. And this just did nothing but ride up my ass uncomfortably and created a small roll on top of the underwear. So not only did that mom pouch show but it created a roll of skin!!!
Poor quality and runs small.
Not the right color pink. Shade of pink is so light it would look like off white if not for the actually white diamonds
In the picture this dress looks loose and flowy. Even though it is only 5% spandex it clings to the body. The material is cheap and see through. I would not recommend this dress unless you are looking for fitted dress. Which I was not.
Came with a broke zipper and the giant bows are held on with a cheap clip that comes undone and pokes the baby. It is also Velcro like a Halloween costume. Pretty but wore once for an hour and it was trashed.
Within one days the seams of the shirt started fraying
The quality was not good and it was too small
Cheap material and the color was completely off
Ordered a large and fits like a small. If you're 5'3" and 125 lbs, it might fit. Was not allowed to return.
Ran very very small . Not true to size
These tights are horribly tight in the waist!
Fits as expected. If you have an hourglass shape or hips, this is not the dress for you. I have to return it unfortunately.
I ordered xl and this shirt is left me a medium! So I have shirts I can't wear
It was used to wear to a Bridal Shower. However when it was put on it ripped while trying to zip it. So had to pin it and put on a Sweater. Wasnt the idea I had for it.
Bad quality. Gone bad after 1 single wash
Very disappointed.Did not fit as expected they ripped like the material was rotten. Ended up calling Amazon they refunded my money.
These developed a hole after a few washes in the crotch area.
The snaps are cheap and it's a wast of $
Where can i find the invoice for this order
The socks were too short.
I received the wrong item and returned it with Amazon label but have not seen where it has been received! Placed in UPS drop box!
This was not at all what the picture looked like. It arrived in flimsy packaging and was smashed from being packed with other products but even if it was in it's own box, I don't see it looking at all like the picture. Very disappointing.
This shit is aweful looks nothing like this in person. Do not buy
Ordered a medium was way to big. Not true size
I need to get returned or change for something else
Fit awful- like someone didn't really know womans' sizes. I ordered a small and I swam in the top. I love the look of this. Its the second one I've tried thru Amazon- a different seller but same product- poor construction and top and bottom don't really match. The top looks black in photo. its dark blue and i went back to see if that was listed but saw nothing.
This particular sock was somewhat thick and very rough on the feet. They were returned after trying one on and wearing it around the house for and hour. Not comfortable.
I have short torso do according to reviews should have fit but even with adjustable straps way too long in torso
Package arrived with only one insert. Everything was sealed, so one can only assume that someone in the warehouse didn't do their job properly.
the inside was white like, not a good look for a black/flower print on the outside, in my opinion. I also felt it looked terribly cheap. I know it was a tiny price, but still... set it back.
This was the size of a child's hat.
Does NOT fit a woman's shape. SMALL on top and large at waist.
The shorts were really weird fitting. And the top was big.
Good thing my child had a backup costume because I couldn't count on you guys for it, especially paying extra for 2 day shipping. Disappointed!
Large fits like a small. Not suitable for anyone above an A cup.
The quality of this wallet has deteriorated so much in 1 year that I could not keep it. Last year I got the same wallet (at least it was the same design) from Amazon for my husband but sadly his got his pocket picked, so I got his another. This waller design is great, but the leather quality, the finish both need work. It no ways looks like a $50 worth wallet. I wish they kept the coin pocket too.
I got these delivered and just laughed when i opened the package. Cheesy, shiny, plastic. It looks like something one would wear with a cheap Halloween costume
These came with holes in the seems and were made of terrible cheap fabric
So I was planning a trip to the topics for my Mom. Bought this bag because of the reviews and video review stated it was a good buy. Boy, was I wrong! This is officially the worst handbag ever. It's not leather as stated over and over again. It's plastic PVC and foam. Then the stitching is awful. %$*& you CHINA. You and your awful vendors ripping off the masses. I wish I could return this but I am overseas. I don't usually write reviews, but I feel compelled to warn people about this purchase. DON'T please heed to my declaration. This bag will last one week tops.
This dress shows A LOT. way more than noted in description. it is VERY KNOW and shows A LOT under the armpit all the way to your waist You must wear something underneath. !!!!!!Do not let them switch your order to fulfilled by another vendor as they do not let you return without a HUGE hassle and unfair practices.
I purchased these for my husband. Have purchased Hanes briefs for years. NO WAY can these be authentic Hanes. The material was rough and SO THIN, you could actually see through it. Will NEVER purchase this from Amazon again!!!!!!
Very cheap looking, wish I hadn't bought
far from being think wool socks. very thin.
Recived them and they have a hole in the seam. They look old and washed out! Waste of money!
I thought buying Gerber would be the best choice, but I was wrong! All I have to say is the elastic on these things are not good! One of each pair had an elastic issue, so to me this was a waste of money!
Poor sizing. Although shipping was very fast.
I bought these for my 92 year old mother in the nursing home. She still wants to wear a bra. The bra fits ok, but her little boobies fall out the bottom. Apparently the elastic around the bottom is not doing its job.
The product is misleading it runs extremely too small I wear a 2X I bought a 5x it still doesn't fit clothes from China needs to have a statement on it from China people wasting their time and money and it's not fair
Too big for my head kept falling over my eyes
This does not look like the picture. It also arrived smelling like smoke! So disgusting.
I ordered a DEEP ROYAL BLUE crewneck and received a WHITE crewneck. I requested an exchange and they STILL gave me WHITE. I received the WRONG COLOR twice. WASTE OF TIME. Only buy if you are expecting to get a RANDOM color!!!!!!!!!!!
not a sweater, it's a t shirt. got back on amazon and ordered a real sweater.
It worked great for 3 days then it just started stretching out to the point it didn't fit tight enough... I bought a large and it's still nice and snug unlike the xl
I ordered this for my daughter and it looks NOTHING like the photo. I am extremely disappointed in this product
It took forever to receive this item, and once it finally came that quality was horrible!! I was planning on wearing this as a shirt anyway, but I'm 6'0 ft and I have no idea how this could be a dress. I'm normally a L/XL - everything else fit great but the ARMS WERE TINY!! Not proportionate to the rest of this "dress." Don't recommend this at all. It's a waste.
I ordered the pants without realizing they did not have pockets. Quite displeased with that. Donated them instead of going through the hassle of returning them. If there was a zero rating, I would give that instead.
The buttons are way too tight to unsnap - I gave up because it might tear the garment. I decided to return it and did so over 2 weeks ago, only to realize that it was going through USPS. The UPS store accepted it and suggested that I took a picture of the return package as evidence (as there is no receipt for returns through USPS) Seller indicates that they have not received the return yet so I am still waiting for my refund. Will come back here and update in a week. Wonder if others had similar troubles.
Large is REALLY a small, Ridiculously tiny!
Completely disingenuous sizing. Ordered a xxl fit like a large.
Aesthetically these are very nice socks. The material is also very soft. However the biggest issue, which is the most important of all, is that they don't fit. I wear a 10.5 so you would think I fall in the middle of the size range I fell in, which is apparently Large to XL according to the image printed on the socks. These socks pull all the way up to my knees. It feels like I'm wearing pantyhose. Unless you have 6 feet of lower legs, buy something else.
I was very disappointing when my wife opened it and saw how far it was from the photos on the site. It is really a piece of garbage. Unfortunately it was a Christmas present so she did not see it until too late to return. The fur is less then 1/3 as wide as it shows on the picture...
Totally different than picture and description. The photo shows a suede appearance and cute string to lace the cuts. What I received was thin, stretchy cheap material. The lace strings provided in the bag were cheap round shoe laces. Do not buy!
These were horrible - very very cheap. The $10 ones sold by Walmart at Halloween look like Victoria Secret compared to these.
Buyer Beware! I reordered from an order I placed in April. This item was NOTHING like my original order. This is sheer like underwear and sized totally wrong. To make it worse, the return postage is more than the item. Ugh!
Horrible fit under trousers. It looks as if my upper thighs are slim and the lower part is thick. Also my short is way too small to control the tummy
Ridiculously too small nobody can wear it as a dress, possibly a shirt. I'm 5'3 125 pounds and can't use it.
I am really disappointed!!!!! It says Spray and they sent me the rollerball. That's not what I wanted. I wanted exactly what it says Travel Spray. I've written to the seller and waiting on a response.
Would leave zero stars if I could. Ordered this for my sons birthday on the 10th. Should have been here by yesterday at the latest and still not. No tracking updates, no response frm seller. Birthday is in 3 day and now he wont have part of present. Very disappointed. This is why I don't usually order from non Amazon prime products.
Material is like starch and stiff. No movement and the bow looks funny tied up. It is too tight on the top area.
Length is perfect but the sizing is so inconsistent! I bought two pairs to try on, 26, and 27. But the 27 is tighter than 26! And it's literally an inch smaller...
The old saying you get what you pay for certainly applies. I wore the shoes for about 2 weeks before the strap tore off.
Horrible. Not as pictured. 2 of the 5 pair were not long leg style. Different colors came than the picture. Would like to return but after you open the underwear package pretty sure you cant.
Tried them on and they snagged, these are terrible quality don't waste your money!
Pretty but size runs extremely small and no stretch.
The product is not as good as it shows on the picture, extremely tight and low quality
Package is over a month late, girlfriend is pissed.
I did not notice until I washed this blouse, but the back seam is VERY crooked. It runs at a diagonal across the back of the blouse. It is totally unwearable.
really poor fit as well as terrible quality material. paid almost $120 for this piece of garbage
So many did not work at first or died right away
Says 3 pack- received 1 t-shirt
Length matches. Color matches. Quality is crap. We have had them now for about 3 days and both tips on one lace have fallen off and the laces are falling apart.
The dress is very very thin you can see right through it
Awful fit! I have a pretty short torso and the boob part was on my belly! I ordered a size small which would have fit perfect if they would have used an actual pattern to make it!
quality of sweater is poor and ran too small!
Returned this item due to stiff, uncomfortable underwire.
Fits fine but sent wrong color
My product is broken! I can't even use it!
I ordered this crop top in white size medium. I was really looking forward to wearing this crop top for an event on saturday, so I was excited when it said it delivered. But when I opened the package, it was a different top that they sell. A tank top crop top, and I can't even keep it because it's a small and won't fit me. I'm very disappointed.
The ruffles bra doesn't fit my breast at all its just disappointing
Dont buy from this people I ordered a sweater and never got it !!! I tried to contact the seller and never hear from them
I am sending back wasn't aware it have a v neck i. The back and it was to big.
I ordered my Large pants and they sent me a 2X pants
I tried to use for cosplay and they just had a horrible oder.
I loved this outfit and it fit so perfectly but it was see-through. I needed this for an event and this definitely could not be worn anywhere. I am very disappointed as mostly all of the white outfits I have purchased on Amazon are always see-through.
Tracking reported here but no sign of it nor on my RING 2 camera.
I did not like it at all. It was too big & looked like nursing scrubs. I requested to return it but the UPS driver never left a call ticket thus a bad review & no star! I only gave 1 star because I could not leave it blank.
I followed the size chart and the jeans were way too small. For reference I'm 5'3”, 125 lbs with a 28” waist and 36” hips. I ordered size 7 and they were like a size 1.
Hat looked fine but cheap/flimsy when I first received it. But once you sweat on it, the color changes. Crazy thing is only the small band on the front of the hat changed color. So now, it looks like a cheap sun hat I probably could have made myself. The back flap is a flimsy material. When you wash the hat, the flap wrinkles and you must iron it.
Never received the item. The Amazon carrier only delivered 2 out 3 of the items I purchase. I was looking forward to wearing this item out.
Look for actual thermals. This product is a joke. Not what I expected at all.
Shirts were great....at first. Didn't even last a day before the stickers decided to start peeling. After the first wash the inside changed colors and all of the vinyl has come off which was a mess to clean up in the washer.
Thought this was a great price; however, they won't stay up on my legs...would not recommend.
Poorly made using substandard materials. Former military be forewarned, this is nothing like military issue. I would not recommend this product to anyone who needs it to do what it's supposed to.
The eyeshadow is a solid, yet due to such poor packaging and the product itself, it arrived in crumbles. The color is insanely shimmery just as it appears. Save yourself the headache from waiting on the long ship time and the possibility it will arrive unuseable and buy something similar in-store.
Extremely big. I got my size and it was like a shower curtain smh.
They are not the color in the description or in the picture. Mine ended up being a bright green instead of the white so they dont match my mask. Now i need to find more before halloween.
I had already ordered one of these before but this time I did not receive this crop top, I received a long top not like the image, horrible. I wrote to the seller and they told me they would send another one but they never sent it. A fraud.
these are crew length was looking for executive length
I ordered a large which is the size I wear. The shirt was may be a large child's shirt. very small and cheaply made shirt. I realize i paid $11 for it but it is something i would never wear i passed it to my son who weighs about 130 lbs. hopefully he will wear it.
I ordered a mommy size 8-10 and received a child's dress. This was supposed to be matching dresses for myself and daughter for Christmas Day and is now not possible.
I've worn this bra for years, and it is a really comfortable supportive bra and this is a great price. Unfortunately this batch is sewn with the fabric of the outer layer of the cups bigger than the lining so it's terribly wrinkled. I bought black, nude and white and they all had the same problem. I was very disappointed. Now I'll have to wait for a sale and buy them in person.
I bought this for my daughtet. It neve looked good on her. I have used it a couple of times after trimming its lenght but I ended up giving it to goodwill. The fabric looks cheap and the fit is not good.
The quality wasn't as expected.
It was very cheap material, it felt like the paper gowns used by doctors & hospitals. My rating would be minus one star....however, I had to click one star in order to post this review. ☹️
Love the variety, they run super small. They do not cover well.
Not what I ordered! No only is it a different color but it's also different style. I need to say however, I have not contacted the seller yet regarding this issue to see how it is going to be resolved. I will keep you posted.
The knee highs arrived in a package that was split open and smashed. The packaging was used, and I can't be sure if the knee highs are even new. Half the knee highs were in the "box"... the rest were loose in the the shipping envelope. The packaging and the knee highs looked "abused" and dirty. Don't know if I'll ever wear them. Gross.
Cheap fabric and fits like a potato sack
They ripped at the seem within a hour of wear. I am a size 10, so it's not because they were too tight.
Very poor quality. Strings coming out all over the bikini and i haven't even worn it once.
Love this item but for me it was wayyy too small.
Ordered a medium, the waist fits but the legs fit as is they were XXL and the fabric is extremely thick! So thick that living in Arizona even during winter I would become extremely sweaty! Decided to send them to my sister whom lives in New York
I never received my item so I can't Rate it. Very disappointed
Next to useless. Don't try these in a Maine winter.
The toe seam repeatedly gave me blisters in shoes where it's never been a problem with any other socks. Three times I wore them, and each time I ended up take off my shoes so I could turn the sock 90' and get the seam away from my small toes. The fourth day I cleverly put them on sideways immediately, then realized that this was stupid, and threw them all out. These aren't cheap socks, and the rest of the sock is well constructed but the massive toe seam made them literally unwearable.
I ordered thigh high and was sent full panty hose. These were purchased for a paraplegic who lives in another state. She can't get out to return them and I won't ask her caregiver to take the time. I am truly upset since these are expensive.
The sticky stuff came off the bra after the first use. Don't waste your money.
These are super cute but my daughter wore one tank one time and it ripped in the middle of the chest area - not even near the seem. The quality is super cheap - not worth the money.
Nothing like it looks on pictures
Cute concept but it's thin and scratchy. Sorry I don't recommend.
Just cheap very lose material. Not the right kind to add the distressed look to.
Material is awful. Thin, scratchy. Even after washing it!
This gave no support and it rolls up
I didn't even receive this, I GOT something black and gold that wasn't even on here....
Ordered XXL and usually wear an XL.. it fits my daughter, who wears womens small/med. Cute sweater, but huge size difference.
This was the most disappointing purchase. Looked nothing like the picture and was an awful material. Very disappointed with this.
I have not received my dress yet so this review is based on the service. I will update with my opinion on the dress later but so far I'm not very happy. I ordered this dres for a wedding In August. Granted the statement it self stated I could receive it anytime from the 9th of August to the 28th of August but I figured I would get it closer to the 9th because it's shouldn't really take that long. I ordered this dress on the 18th of July and it was in transit to the carrier the next day which was great but then it stayed like that until the item was finally picked up by the carrier on the 28th. So not really sure if I'll be getting this dress in time or not for the wedding. So shoppers make sure you order WAY in advance. Today is August 3rd and the picture shows the last update I received.
I never got my item. Stupid Usps claims they handed it off directly so I guess they gave my orders away. I'm waiting on phone now to speak to someone from Usps. But I'll probably need a replacement order because there will more than likely be nothing their stupid asses can do. I apologize to y'all because I know it's not yalls fault. It's dumb delivery service. Please let me know if you can send a replacement thank you.
Terrible product. Wore one pair one time and have a hole in one of the socks.
Way to big for a newborn, no bow tie, tag is on the back of the outfit. Looks better online. Disappointed
Is not what I expected
Will be returning this product! Material is horrible
Do not buy this. I don't know what kind of fabric they used but it's like plastic.
The bag says 38DD but the bra is actually a 36DD
I received this product and immediately sent it back. It is almost been a year and I have never received a refund. I would not order from this place. Buyer beware!
I ordered these because of the colors that are pictured. My daughter is not "girly" and the item that came looks nothing like it
Poor quality, very coarse feeling and formed pills everywhere just after a couple of washes.
Add was confusing, way to large. I'm going to use these as rags
Dont pay for expedited shipping...they will ship it the day its supposed to be delivered, wasted money been almost a week since i ordered and still havent recieved it and it was shipped the day amazon said it was supposed to arrive...complete rip off
Cheap and feels bad on skin
I loved everything about this belt and was planning on buying another at some point. I really liked the locking mechanism, the style and feel. BUT... after about a year of wear, a tiny cap must have fallen off the locking mechanism and I can no longer wear this belt. The metal bar that runs through buckle had a small end fall off (the end opposite of the hook you pull to release). So now the bar just falls out and I cannot wear this belt. I REALLY want to buy another one because I loved this belt but I fear that within another year of wear the same thing will happen. Maybe it was just a fluke.
Not good it's very see through
Uncomfortable. Runs a little small and digs EVERYWHERE.
I was shocked after wearing these for a couple hours on the Camino that they are no better than cotton socks. My feet were completely soaked...maybe I received a bad pair but test these before relying on them.
i am very disappointed with this product poor very poor quality
I ordered a small and it was much shorter than the picture. Came to my waist, but big/box-like on the shoulders
I love 90 degrees by reflex leggings but the black pair I just received seem to be lower quality than previous ones I've ordered. I have 6 other pairs and have had black in the past and they are always high quality. However, the pair I just got now run smaller, and are see through even without bending over.
I will never buy this product again. An will never recommend this brand other then a NOT to buy.
Amazon claims the product was delivered. It was not. I need a refund.
Too small even though I ordered my usual size
The lens popped out before even being worn!! :(
Bad quality! Ripped the first wear and the waistband is very tight. Didn't even make it to her dance class.
The dress arrived today torn and too large for me. The material is cheap and the dress will make you look wider than you are. Without a petty coat it's not cute. I would go with another dress that doesn't have the tie up lace in the front because it makes it look cheap. Overall not satisfied.
And oversized potato bag with string. Returned.
I never received the product I ordered. I received chamomile pills instead and was left with an incomplete costume for Halloween. There is not a space to return this item or talk to someone so please advise
They are not even close to XXL
The body of the shirt fits well but the sleeves are 5X too big. Due to the sleeves, this is a terrible fit.
was small had to return for larger size.
Very uncomfortable and the snaps dig in
Minimizes and has pointy cups, horrible. I am a large woman and my boobs need to have some balance with my size. Personally I hate it, but I guess it depends on what you are looking for.
Extremely small and rough feeling material. Sizing not accurate. Also wash directions is “dry clean” who dry cleans an infants swag?...
Fit is fine. Maybe they work fine for tennis shoes. Not so good for loafers. The heel kept coming off.
Too big and too wide at the toe resulting in way to much material that bunches up in the shoe at the toe. Very uncomfortable. Could not wear. Return the socks.
I have exactly ZERO shoes that cover the weird scallop edges outlining the WHITE bottoms of these socks. Maybe a clown costume would be a great fit?
I wear a size small but had to return the jacket because the sleeves were too long. The waistline also flared out which makes you look like you're about to fly.
This is absolute junk! The clasps are so flimsy broke first time adjusting. Don't bother wasting your money!
This dress smelled so strongly of plastic that I had to remove it from my house. The description says 95% cotton -- that's really doubtful.
Size was very off. I've purchased men's medium from games before and they fit. This product is way too small. Very unhappy that I can't return.
These pants are super soft and cozy however they arrived with a HUGE rip in the inside seam/thigh area. EXTREMELY disappointed because they are a cozy pair of pants. :(
This is not the design I ordered. Pictured is the one I got. Same concept but I dont like the design nearly as much. I want the one I ordered.
It was very cute, lightweight. Did not realize it was tiny buttons. A 3x fits like medium or a large. I usually wear a 1x, this one is going to become a closet weight.
WAY TO SMALL......... something wrong with sizing, I bought XL and it fit like a small.... too late to return so Purple it goes..
I must have a huge head because it did fit at all. Also there were no curls and it looked as if it been previously warn.
Not the quality leather other slide belts is made of. To slim so buckle won't hold onto end of belt.
Gloves were stolen apparently from local P.O. but we were refunded. Need more secured drop offs
This T shirt was full of little lint peels after one wash. It looks I I have owned it for years and it is brand new. Bummer!
I didn't receive it and perhaps the mailman misplaced it or took in from my mailbox?
Received a ripped bottoms
not a good fit Too big, unable to adjust
I forgot I ordered these shorts. Took 31/2 months to get them. Size is for teens! Had to give them away.
Seam came apart. Poor quality. Thin!
I ordered this Capri tank top swim suit and this black tank top and shorts was sent to me instead.... contacting customer service
Dress was not as elegant in person-looked more like a nightgown :( Too much fabric and not a flattering waistline. I missed the deadline for return, so I wasn't able to get my money back.
zipper slider fell off/broke upon first wearing
Arrived ripped under both arms and up the back!!! Obviously this had been worn before as it was also dirty and smelled. Needed this for a VERY IMPORTANT COSTUME GALA THIS WEEKEND and unfortunately i have no choice but to sew it up, try to launder it and make the best of a bad situation this purchase put me in.
To big! Couldn't return becaus was really Expensive shipping!
Returned product wrong size. I got a notification that it was not eligible for return. They did not send it back to me or give me money back. So I spent money on this and have nothing to show for it.
Love the style of it BUT it smelled like burnt plastic and feet. Of course I would wash it many times, I would try it on after a wash and it would smell of my fabric softener that I would use but towards the end of the day it would smell like burnt plastic and feet. It was so bad it would give me a headache. Never had a problem like this with any of my clothes except this jacket. It's a shame cus I really like the style.
Does not look like the advertised picture at all. Print is way different and fabric is super cheap looking. Also it was massively large.
i had high hopes for these considering i love in the cold and i was looking forward to wearing some leggings that had fluff on the inside and were high waisted too but what a waste of money these things turned out to be! it seems like their only made for petite women and while i'm only 5 foot, i have big hips and thick thighs and these were so unbearably right. also the crotch is very unflattering and loose, like these were made for men. would not purchase again, horrible product!
I did not receive the correct order. I was sent the girls socks instead of what I ordered.
Never got the product. Waiting for refund
You can't get these on by yourselves. They pull you strips up to much and they show near your neck.
Not only does it run too small, like 2 sizes too small, the return process is a nightmare. Returned it a month ago and still no refund.
It was too small, smelled funny and the string was a cheap one that broke.
It just felt cheap and fit awkward
I returned the product because it was just very poorly made. Rattled. Cheap.
If I could give them 0 stars i would. The outfit ran so small sent it back 3 weeks ago and still waiting to get refunded. Contacted them 3 time still haven't heard Anything. So pissed.
I am trying to figure out what to do with the leg liners in these jeans. ????? The inside of these pant legs have a weird liner, one leg has the liner in the front and the other has the liner in the back. I cant even put these on. Not to mention the fact that when I tried to put these on i cant pull them up all the way and the cuffs are frayed which I didn't notice before and i hate that style so much. I am going to try to cut out the liners and maybe then i can pull them up. If not, i wasted my money.
disappointed as it is too big for a key chain, may be about 3 to 4 inch in dia.
Too short looks cheap
Never received item. I contacted seller. No response. Item was sent incorrectly.
This dress was very nice. Fit kinda tight on the top even though I took a large and was way to long (covered my feet).
The shirt looks nothing like the picture and when I tried to return it, the seller only wanted to give a 60% refund and if I sent the shirt back for a full refund, I had to pay for the shipping. Absolutely ridiculous. I wasted my money
I ordered hoping to be pleased with this product, so with this review I really cant say if I like it or not because I ordered ham base. Instead I received vegetable base, which was not what I ordered.
Does not fit through loops holes on any toddler pants
This umbrella is adorable, but split at the seams after one use, making it completely unable to be used as you will get soaked.
It would not stick to my boobs and keep them in place. Would just fall right off. Save your money. Not worth it at all. Ordered the DDD.
The dress was very disappointing. Not well made but I guess you get what you pay for.
I ordered a 3X. The jacket fit like a Large.
I liked the dress (when I finally got it). However, I did not like the seller. It was 2 weeks over due, couldnt tell me where it was, didn't respond half the time and it was like automatic messaging. TERRIBLE customer service from the seller. Amazing customer service by amazon. Nice dress. Don't expect it on time!
This shirt is tiny and isn't the brand advertised in the ad.
Only last a few days
I bought this case less than 6months ago and broke, not good quality.
I found it to be too thin of a fabric and should be a bit larger and not so snug in its fit to look elegant. I will be returning it.
I really want to give this suit a 5 star but I can't. The appearance is beautiful and I love the color. But sadly the top is to big. I followed the sizing chart for around the bust size. It all fits there but the cup size in a xxl looks as if it is a triple d or a double d. I am a larger girl being 249 but my chest is smaller. Would love to exchange sizes but cant find anywhere to message sender.
I don't know because it was not yet been delivered to me. It was delivered to "the mail room" which we do not home have in our single-family home.
yuck. polyester. do not buy these!
These adhesive bra are so thin that there is no difference putting it on. I have been using adhesive bras for a while now and this is the worst purchase I had. waste of money.
Poor quality. Description does not describe correctly...
Very poor quality. Returning.
Seller, please contact me. You sent me an opened package and 2 pairs were crumpled into the torn box inside out. It's unhygienic to accept returned panties and place them back for sale.
I ordered for small & received medium ??
Ugly. Nothing like picture.
Never came, but said it was delivered
Package was purportedly delivered to wrong address on East Coast - far from Texas. I received a refund from Amazon immediately. Believe this was a sham by C C - false advertising a very low price - never intended to deliver! One star because I got my money back!
I brought 3 of these and wore them once. Buttons came off and the threading is coming apart. Not happy at all
The quality is terrible. I don't think this is actually a Gerber product.
I got these for my husband for his boater shoes and they are not as low as pictured!
Item runs very small
Slowest shipping on Earth. Takes at least a week for them to even ship then another to get the product.
These socks are not remotely no show. I will be trashing them as they are basically useless.
20 degrease and fingers went numb !!
Zipper broke immediately
They sent me the wrong hat.
Amazon, not the seller, sent the wrong size. I ordered a large and recieved a small. I really did want these shorts. Wish they would just send me the correct size.
I thought there would be some kind of hinge. No money clip. All it is, is two pieces of aluminum that you put on either side of your stack of cards and every time you need a card you have to fumble through your stack of cards. Because as luck would have it, it seems like the card you need is always in the middle of the stack. Not very handy
Was not what I expected
I'm not sure who this actually falls on but it's very upsetting that I ordered this wallet and I received a different item instead with my package. This was was a Christmas gift and now It won't be here in time.
Only received half of my order. I was told that a replacement would be sent out but have waited patiently for over 2 months now. I guess customer service ends after they have money in hand.
The style of these pants have changed since the last time I ordered them. The fit is totally different. Too large and too high waisted. Need to return
Did anybody else have to wait a long time to receive this item ?
The zipper broke after a few months. I wouldn't recommend this wallet. The whole point is to zip it closed. It should have a more durable zipper...
Did not like the supposed size measurement. Product ran big and is lose.
I am 5'11” and this dress was above my ankle unfortunately, bc it's a cute dress that looks as pictured. Just too short for me.
The product's material was flimsy. Not good quality. I am returning it.
Never received my item terrible purchase
Still haven't received my order
The hat came wrinkled and misshapen and no matter how I try to block it... it will not shape into a hat.
The cotton liner inside is so far back it only covers your booty area. Would have been great panties if not for that.
It has a whole in the shorts area
Too small and doesnt drape off the shoulder. Its just a long weird t-shirt.
Only tie was in package not hanky and cufflinks
Every pair seemed to be a different size. Some stayed up. Some did not. They varied in length by substantial amounts.
The 3x is not true to size
The package arrived with coffee spilled on outside of package and was on the inside of the package as well as on the product! Not happy at all with this.
They sent me the wrong snowsuit twice!!
They're not as nice as the photos. They are smashed by the box and very stiff.
This doesn't deserve even one star. Very pretty but do not buy this. It will stain your undergarments to blue. When I took it off my panties and bra were stained blue, and they were white. Would hate to wash this because it will probably bleed to gray color. I will not buy any more dresses from this company. I will try to return this.
Too tight and too light
Total waste of money. First the mask is blue not white like in the picture. The hair was coming apart from the mask. And there isnt anything To hold it on your head if you move it falls off It looks like a zombie baby
A few sizes too small. Return shipping was twice what the shirt cost when I asked. I bought it for Halloween and was hoping to use it again at the gym but not going to happen. Order at least 2 sizes larger than you normally wear.
do not buy these are terrible
It fits small and feels cheap. Also much more see through than the pictures.
I wanted to love this bra. I ordered one and it came with a torn band. I thought it was a fluke so I returned it for a replacement. I wore the second one only about 5 times before it was ripped along the seam between the cups. I hand washed and took good care of it. It is very comfortable but clearly there's some quality control issues.
Unable to wear due to the sheerness! i would have had to buy a long slip. returned it . UGH
I was sent a used, dirty dress. Very disappointed.
This was to small and not a correct size as it has stated
This product I received is crap. It's totally polyester instead of the cotton blend advertised. It is not sweat shirt fleece it's thin and flimsy and filled with static electricity. It isn't even the brand advertised. I tried to return it but the seller said no! They said they would credit me 20% of the sales price and suggested I regift it. I wouldn't give that piece of crap to my worst enemy. My recommendation - don't buy a thing from this seller. They're located in China and it was shipped from there.
After just one use, they were destroyed coming out of the dryer. They were all tangled up in their own thread, poor quality. Not only that they tended to cut off circulation to my thumb. Would not recommend to anyone.
I have been buying these for years and have been happy with them until now. They must have changed the design (probably to save a few cents per unit), and now they are no longer comfortable. Sadly I will be looking for another brand. Doesn't Ralph Lauren get it? The people who buy these were willing to pay the higher price because they were comfortable. I can get uncomfortable ones for a lot less.
Too small, and would like to return it!
Very low quality and made of terrible fabric!
I am still wearing same size from prior purchase and they are now much smaller
got charged ...send it back for your money...sorry it NEVER CAME
The shorts were long, just above my knee and I'm 5'7 . The outfit just wasn't flattering to me.
Why does Amazon allow the vendors to lie??? In the description of the product says "ALL CLOTHING is 100% MADE IN THE USA and ships from OH, USA. " This is BS it's made in China. I know because I bought this with Prime and when I realized they said it would take up to a month to receive I emailed the company and received a response that was not written by anyone from the USA. VOTE ELIZABETH WARREN so we can break up Amazon / Google and Facebook. Scumbags all
I couldn't get the straps that attach to my bra to stay connected to the Spanx loop. Both sides kept coming out. I missed the window to return it since I had purchased it for a special occasion. Since I have other Spanx products, I knew the size would be fine. There's just no way I can wear it without the straps because of the top rolling down.
The clasp on the bill broke out of the bag. Don't think i can wear it like that
These are for flat butts only! I have an athletic butt so the waist band comes down too low!!!!
Poor quality. Stitching came apart within the week.
Does not look like the pic and not comfertable
Pure piece of trash, not worth the price. Very flimsy from the handle down through the shaft.
Too thin. Runs very large. I am a lady. Ordered ladies size - they are huge
TShirt has spots on the bottom in two areas and this shirt was bought for a drummer to wear to his show. Not happy. Shirt was nicely made just dirty in he plastic.
Never fit one tooth. Never buying this product again. I put them where they belong in the trash. One tooth fit one but the second after using 5 of the goals they give you and 12 of the ones I had to order cause the second tooth wouldn't stay put or the glue wouldn't stick to the tooth. I wouldn't recommend this unless you are using it for fire wood or plastic in this case.
Love the colors and the feel of the fabric, but the fabric is very cheap and they started to fall apart after one use!
Very small and very thin, i ordered 2 pair from same company they came separately the first pair was not even close to the color that was in the picture so I returned them, these are extremely too small and too thin but I don't even have the energy in me to fill out the return information and return them, waste of money, might as well turn them into dust rags.
The colors DO NOT match the photo. The fabric and print is cheap, I don't care what the other reviews say. The quality is overall tacky and after a wash or two, it's basically falling apart. When I got it it looked faded as hell, and not in a good way. I'm very very disappointed. I got this originally for my dog but I think it's new home will be the trash bin. Total waste of money.
Each pair of socks I have wore so far have ripped at the toes. They are super thin. Do not purchase.
DON'T BUY FROM THEM!!!! IT IS A SCAM AND THEY WILL STEAL YOUR ACCOUNT INFO AND DRAIN YOU BANK ACCOUNT!!!! ALSO THE BRA DOESN'T EVEN FIT ITS A COUNTERFEIT
They have me an empty package with nothing in it.
Very small didn't fit. Child size. Should have returned it.
They sent me the wrong color. They sent me a brown color and I ordered black.
I have got the shorts yet !
I really liked this shirt...until I saw that the strap had been partially cut and had an awful patch job done to it. Poor quality control.
Shirt looks great but I ordered an XL and it's literally a medium...
I didn't receive the product I ordered. Very disappointed. Sending the pillow cases that I received back
Bill is very uneven. Should allow exchange.
I normally wear medium. I ordered a large just to be safe and they were tiny!!!!! So cute but super disappointed
I buy a lot of hats. Usually when e travel. This is the worst quality hat I have ever seem. Actually I have never seen one this poor quality. These type of hats are usually across the board on quality...basically. I own 30+ from the US & all over the world. This literally just arrived and just look to see where it was made and of coarse China. This is even REALLY poor quality for China. That's how bad it is. I'm surprised it didn't fall apart in the bag during shipping. LOL
Way too small. Ordered in my usual size. Picture shows it as a long robe...not. It hit just below my knees and barely fut around me and I am actually underweight.
I ordered 2 sizes larger tgan my size and shirt us STILL too tight. Especially across by breasts..... AND I AM AN "A" CUP!!!
Did not like them - very shoddy manufacturing. Returned.
These run extremely small. I wear a large and ordered XL to account for possible shrinkage and they are skin tight. Dissaponted.
Poor quality for the price , neck stretched out , not worth the price , very disappointed 😔
This dress is unlined, has no structure, and you can see through it like a window. You would need a full slip underneath and then it would still look funny because you can see the one layer of the wrap through the other.... don't bother.
The product was too small even when I order an extra Large size. XL size fits like a small size. I would probably pass the wrinkled fabric because I can iron it, but it was disappointing to not be able to fit in it.
The hat looks nothing like this in person. It sticks out about half a foot around the sides of your head. Add a hanging price tag and you can look like Minnie Pearl, or pull it straight up in the air and you can be a fashionable Abe Lincoln. Returned.
Not at all is pictured. Extremely poor quality.
Size was way off. The chest didn't cover mine
Material was very cheap, especially the pants.
Fabric is stiff and rough, like low quality linen. Just elastic, no zipper or button. Front is really big and baggy... they are just shaped weird. Returned.
Thin.. too stiff.. does not bend easily.
Could have fit Andre the giant! Thing was massive and not very well made, I returned it
I am not pleased. It was small and fit so odd. I thought oh I'll return it or ask for a refund but the only option was to pay to send it back. Anyone want free too small fits weird jeans!
Looks nothing like the picture. It's way pink, not tan at all. There are about 4 leaves shoddily tied around a piece of rope for the skirt. Really terrible.
Waited months. Said shipped but never arrived. Refund was given but I had to contact the seller.
Was this meant for children???
Terribly unflattering. Looks cheap
This is a misrepresentation of the actual jacket I received in the mail. I had to return the item and had to pay shipping myself which was 1/4 of the cost of the jacket. Shame on Amazon allowing this seller on this site.
I ordered the XL expecting the costume to fit like a glove, but surprisingly it wasn't tight. However, there was a hole in the inner thigh. I ended up not wearing the costume so I'm planning to return it.
The tears and rips were nothing like the images, the pants were bootcut rather than slim fit, and the waist said 36 but was closer to 40.
I would absolutely NEVER call these an 'A' cup insert. practically ups your cup size its so thick and gigantic. hated this product, thought it would be great due to the reviews, but jeez, I don't think anyone on here with an actual A cup reviewed these things. What a waste of money. And also, who the heck is this color????? I'm super pale and I am not this color, it's like the color of a freaking cherub baby.
I received my roll today. It must be very old because the white paper will not peel off the adhesive strip. It is totally useless!!
Terrible material.. see through.. need better fabric
Soon as I opened it a flower had already just popped off. The flowers are tiny and not even that cute made for a child. I could of made this myself out of dollar tree products.
I ordered this based off measurements as suggested and the item I received when I tried this on was laughable. There was no extra room in the midsection to display that slight fold over the waistband look. It was just an adult onesie with a drawstring. Worst part is I can't even get all my $$ back.
The shirt was really cute and fit great, but the decoration on the front is TERRIBLE quality. The decal on the front folded and got stuck to itself. Now the shirt is useless. I would expect this from a $3 shirt, but not a $17 tshirt. Don't waste your money.
The dress was huge on me, I am a small and bought a small. It went down to my knees and I am 5'7” 117 lbs.
Terrible quality. Could see the netting because the hair stuck straight up. Had to return.
I ordered this hat and they sent me Medihoney gel...and now state that this item is non refundable.
These pants in denim were way too large, despite being the exact size of others I own in the same style by the same manufacturer in khaki. The page claims "Try Before You Buy" & "Free Returns" but I was charged $5 to return. The seller agreed to send me a return label by SNAIL MAIL. After 2 weeks, I didn't get it and wrote again. Never got a response. I returned the pants and just ate the $5. Will never buy from them again, nor trust Amazon's "Try Before You Buy."
I sent these back because the fit was off. I never received my refund.
Did not fit side tear checks.
I get that once you throw away the insert, this is a generic black hooded cape that COULD be a Jedi/Sith cape. So YOU should throw away the insert before you ship it out and NOT make your customer do it.
Sizes are a size or two too small
These are NOT relaxed fit jeans.
I ordered 2 9-12 month dresses. The outside package said 9-12 months, but the dresses themselves are 12-18 months. I always order from Amazon because the shipping is quick and that helps with my business. I've been disappointed here lately with packaging.
I ordered this product and did not receive my items
couldn't even get this over my head!
Would have been perfect except for they are super tiny!! Bought for my hubby and they look child size. Did not work for him or myself. Very small. Very disappointed.
These broke as soon as my daughter put them on. They are very cheap and not worth the purchase. She could not use them at all.
Ugly! These shorts are so NOT flattering. You can thank me later!
Nice design, super comfortable but questionable quality... wore it twice ant it has already holes! Don't recommend.
I never received this product and was never refunded. Won't buy from this source again if I see that's the seller.
They only sent the top. I needed it for trip. So I didn't get to use it.
Poor quality, cheap see-thru fabric, arrived with a hole in the stomachs area :(
I have average sized legs, and even the plus size was extremely tight. Not American sizing.
It wasn't even the sweater I ordered. Very disappointed
Low quality and slippery stuff.. I wouldn't recommend it..☹️
Arms too short and I don't have long arms
not delivered yet....!!!!
Too large for small. Folded down on tummy
I purchased two of these robes in separate orders but only received one. They take your money but then will not respond to any emails.
not really made well and the fit is odd
I thought they were not high waisted enough and the fabric was too thick for exercise.
Wasn't what I expected very cheap material..
These are glorified nylons. Huge on th calf, tight on the thigh.
Very disappointed with this purchase... not only is the material of the pants very stiff (Although stretchy though the waist), but terribly wrinkled from top to bottom. I am 5'4 and 125 lbs, and while the pants would have fit perfect with ankle boots the inseam completely bunches down the whole pant leg. I chose the smallest size for my small figure, but it truly isn't flattering or professional in the slightest. Will be returning these today.
All I did was try them on and they got a hole. Disappointed- I was really looking forward to wearing these to an event
Im a short-waisted person, and this was terribly short. the side seams also seem to be very short and dont go all the way up to your armpits so when you lift your arms, the dress moves waaaaaay up.
I've not even actually worn this headband for an extended period of time; only tried it on a few times and it's already broken. Now I have to go through the hassle to return it. Garbage costume jewelry.
Def false advertising these paints look nothing like they said it would and the size was off I'm giving their XL paints I got to my 12 yr old nephew who Maybe weighs 100lbs
Shirt was aweful. Was a fake. Cost more than the price of the shirt to return. Ran small and shirt was poor quality, not equally shaped.
This is not a cotton robe size 22, this is a polyester blouse in size 20. I am pretty disappointed and will be sending this back.
I never received these
It is completely see through. Very cheap material. And even with me being 5'2 it's more like a shirt. All your business would be hanging out if you tried to wear it as a dress.
Sent it back. Was disappointed. Did not like material and collar was weird and so was fit of belt and bust was lower than i expected.
Order a two sizes up. I ordered a medium and I normally wear a small..
I was very excited when I first got them! Then I held them up to the light and realized I could see through them completely. Then when I went to try them on, there was no stretch. If I stood completely still, they fit perfect, but I could walk in them without them moving down my hips.
I've had this USB drive for about four months. I reformatted it to use for different data, and it only gave me 56 GB. Formatting again didn't help. Disappointed.
it is NOT leather, it's just plastic and has a weird smell too ! I was easily able to scratch off the "leather" off of it with my fingernail !
Way too tight around the hips and too long around your lady bits
There's a hole in the sleeve and the turtle neck was awkwardly loose
The size chart is way off. Not sure if anyone is monitoring the 'Size Chart' link vs. the sizes offered for selection. I selected an XXL because the size chart says an XL is a US size 8. I needed a US size 10 or 12. Well, the shirt is exactly what you would expect a typical XXL might be. It's very confusing as I've ordered some of these Chinese made shirts before. Sizing is all over the map -- sometimes they follow the size chart and sometimes they are the actual letter size. Makes it very difficult to guess which one it might be. Wanted a few new tops for my niece and of the 6 Chinese-made tops I ordered, only one fit. It's a waste of time to wait for them and then to have to send them back due to this type of error.
Fits pretty small and the fabric is not the quality I expected.
I'm not into thongs thought I'd give these a shot. They're comfortable as far as thongs go- I prefer g strings wanted to try thongs. Front pouch coverage deceiving cuz the only photo with a model allegedly wearing one shows a much narrower front pouch- I like minimal coverage I wouldn't have bought these if I saw there was so much fabric in front. That being said, I like the waistband sides are like string bikini and tail is comfortable would've gave it 5 stars if front was narrow like the 1 photo of model allegedly wearing it
This was very cheaply made. Very thin material, not at all as cozy as my other carrier hoodie. Big gap around where baby's head comes out so it's not very warm.
Broke....had to return it....but it was a funny shirt
The quality is great but if for some reason you shake it the cards drop... Hope you improve it.
More buttons which add shine to the jacket than I thought. In the picture the jacket looks clean but in reality...too many brings (something which I personally don't like)
I bought this hoping it would be more like the Wrangler Riggs work jacket. Sadly, it was of significantly poorer quality, had only buttons rather than a zipper front, the hood fabric was very thin, and the size (I ordered a 2x) was way too small, more like a Large, with very short sleeves. I returned the jacket.
I dislike the fact I have only received 5 pair of socks vice the 7 I paid for with this transaction.
I want to love this shirt I really do... When I first got it had a very strong odor to it. So I decided to wash it before using it on my son for his 2nd birthday party. After washing it there were several cracks in the truck where green fabric show through. I'm still going to use it because it's only for one day however for the $15 I paid I expected it to make it at least a few washes... Oh well it's still cute and the truck made my guy happy
The trunks are fine when new. However, within 4 months of normal use (I swim 2-3 times a week at a pool), my black trunks have faded into a strange green color.
I really like this sweatshirt. It fits well and is very soft. I've had it for a few months and always wash and try it on normal cycles with no problems. Until I accidentally wash and dried it inside out. The lettering fused together and rips when I try to separate it. So after a few wears it's completely ruined. 😔 I'm so bummed.
I send it back, the ped was stiched in the worng place. I hope it was a mistake because the fabric it self was good and it fit great.
The material isn't that good it still shows off every dent nook and cranny even if you wear another dress over it.
These are very soft and cute but they're kind of tight and the bridge does not extend enough, so it's hard to wear them like you're supposed to without messing up your hair, but if you have a small head these would be perfect!
Took a long time to get it and it runs too small
It was cute, I'm plus size and this fit bad. Bug in the top because I'm short and tight and unflattering.
I purchased this in a small and it's massive. Even after washing and drying it trying to shrink it it's still too big. I gave it to my friend who normally wears size medium and it was even too big for him. The quality seems fine otherwise. It smelled strongly of chemicals when removed from the package.
They run small at least one-two sizes smaller. Ordered a 36 waist. More like a 32. Sadly will have to return them
Nice material but I wear 16/18 40 DDD and ordered a 6x it's very tight on my chest but fits my stomach
Cute, wears well but very thin material. See through as well. Dress ripped after one time wearing it.
These were cute but run very easily.
Nice cut...nice style...skimped on material quality.
I always wear a medium so I got a large. The fit was fine but it looked nothing like the picture. The back was not as long as pictured and the “black” was more of a dark gray. It was also extremely see through. I returned it immediately.
Too bulky to wear under work out clothes. Kinda defeats the purpose.
The tie knot makes the shirt fit loose.
Run super small. 6 to 9 months can probably fit a newborn
I think this bathing suit was made for a size 3 person. I ordered an extra large thinking OK this will fit , no way it did not fit
Holy cow, this hat is small. And deep! I normally wear kids size hats on my small head and this one was tight. Also, the depth of the hat is weirdly large. If you pull it down even remotely close to having the top near your head, it's down past your eyes. Really weird fit. Sent it back.
I really wanted to like this hat but the bill is very long and though description says unisex, it is not very flattering on a woman (in my opinion).
Loved how they fit. I ordered green and a pattern. The green were a perfect fit and pattern were really big. After washing I couldn't wear the green. The others still fit. Both shrunk in length and width. Expect probably 10 to 20% shrinkage.
The dress would have been great but the reviews stated to order a size up that it ran small, it runs large. Also, the ruffles on the arm are attached sleeves.
I ordered two Charles Rivers jackets received them fast but both was to small.I sent them both back in same package and have only got credit for one. Don't know what problem is.
This shirt kind of breaks my heart. I love it so much, the birds are so cute, the fabric is nice and light, but it has no give and truly does run far, far too small. This shirt would have fit me alright, except my chest is far too large for it. As soon as I put it on it squashed my boobs right down, but hung loose on my waist. I opened up the page to initiate a return on it, as I couldn't go any larger in size on this product, and this seller does not accept returns. I genuinely was so excited for this shirt and now to wear it I would have to allow my breasts to be squished to oblivion. On someone with a smaller chest and less violently curved proportions, this shirt would be lovely.
Fit was tighter than expected.
I'm a woman Marine and this collar device is NOT for your lapel on blouses or uniforms. I know, I use to wear the lapel pin. Notice this says collar device. One of the male customers on Amazon gave feedback and called it a nut and bolt and he is exactly right i thought he was just joking when I read his review. He was not joking at all. This little device has a little bolt and you screw the back on. It will not even leave a tiny hole in your garment, it will damage your garment and leave a large hole in it. I telephone the company and told them that it is regulation size and the eagle globe and anchor look really good,but the back of this device is not for a collar. Do yourself a favor as I will do, go to an Army surplus store in your area and all the branches are there. The lady that I spoke to at this company didn't really give a rip. So, don't waste your money or time to return to Amazon, which I did without any problems from Amazon, and I got my money back.
I received my package today. Service was fast. I paid for two orders. One order was nice and dry and the other was wet and smelly. I was not happy about the wet package as this product is to be used to create gifts for an upcoming function.
I am 5'9", wear a size 14, have a large bust, and long arms and legs. The XL fit surprisingly well in the shoulders and bust, but was a bit loose in the rest of the torso. Probably could have gone with a L. The arms were too long, especially when wet. I could pull it down almost to my knees, so works well if you want more of a tunic or dress than a shirt in terms of coverage. I wore it one time with no problem, rinsed in cold water after my swim, and hung to dry. It definitely worked to protect from the sun. The next time I went to put it on, the left side seam came apart in two places, and continued to unravel throughout the day. I ordered it in preparation for summer so too late to return. Sad I paid so much for a defective product.
I love this dress but one of the pockets wasn't sewn all the way around
This dress is so pretty and the material is great. The problem is that the arms are very small and the dress overall is smaller than I expected. I need to return it but just haven't yet.
VERY small. The sizing is very off and barely went over my wrists.
Nice looking but does not hold up his jeans
The moment you start to sweat they unstick
love it when i received i and it fit well, but few weeks after swimming a few times a week, it faded almost white.
I ordered an extra large and it was more like a small. Very pretty sure but I definitely will be returning it
The money clip wears out quick and the top pocket side were you put photo I'd had same brand but too different types of wallets
Cut and fit were good, BUT the first two times I wore two different pairs, one of each sock didn't make it through the day without a hole where my big toe was. I work in an office and put minimal stress on them, so they're not very sturdy.
These fit weird and look weird in person. Ugly shirt, I don't like wearing them
I received this item broken and have not received a refund after sending it back over a month ago.
it was very very cute, but tight/small. my biggest issue was the length of the inner dress. it barely covered my hiney. i returned it.
This dress was pretty and the size was almost spot on. Only issue is that it came missing sequins. I ordered this dress for a party and having it show up damaged was extremely inconvenient.
I normally order a large because I like sweat pants baggy but according to the reviews it said to order a size up if you wanted them baggy so I ordered an extra large which I doubt they were because they fit like a medium. Needless to say it was a wasted purchase.
Very short! And I'm only 5'2”. Fabric is awful!!!! The print is cute but I can't get over the stiff plastic feeling of the fabric. Sent it back.
Not made for larger breast's (I am a D cup but I feel this might also be a challenge for C cups). A notation about possible incompatibility with larger breasts was written in the pamphlet that was included with product. HOWEVER this is a critical point and should be mentioned in product description on Amazon. The adhesion also was not great. The product gave my breasts an odd look. Consequently, I didn't use it.
The band is too wide to stay on my head throughout the night. I've stopped using it already simply because I wake up without it anyway. I had the same problem with the Slap.
Way too firm and heavy. Not what I was going for at all. But I guess they're not terrible. Just really really hard.
Strap is funny which makes it hard to put on. Pretty dress but I don't like the fit.
the material is very cheep
So tiny I gave it to my 4 year old granddaughter
Was a bit small but seems well made for price.
The dress I received does NOT look the photo. The flowers are a ugly grayish-green, not like the photos. Also, there is glitter all over the top and bottom on the dress that is not shown on the pictures. The dress is very poorly made and left old quickly/cheaply put together.
Too small but had a feeling it wouldn't fit
Run large but stay put.
Very cute in the picture but meant for people with short torsos. It was definitely not cute on lol
Thin material not something nice enough to wear to work.
Size is smaller than normal sizing
a good organizer, but began to rip at the middle bottom after several uses. won't buy again.
The side stretch bunched from the top all the way through, looked as if I had a kangaroo pouch.
Order one size smaller than you normally wear. Medium felt like it was gigantic. I'll have to grow into it.
Smaller than I expected it to be
Im very top heavy so my dislike would be there are no straps to adjust the bra. I took the padding out and i wear this as a around the house/sleep bra. Very very comfy. Almost like i have nothing on.
Ordered a light grey and got an oat color
Liked the fabric. The camisole was very, very small!
Proof that Amazon and / or the vendors that post items for sale need to improve the user interface and layout for certain postings such as for this suit. There was no option to select the pants size, so I received a 30 waist x 32 inseam pants for a 38 R jacket. The jacket barely fits, but that is to be expected since it's a slim fit/ cut, but the pants are way too small, so essentially it's a $99 jacket and useless pants or return everything and shop elsewhere. You can figure out which option I chose, but I clearly won't be shopping on Amazon or this vendor again for a suit, no matter how good the price is. It just seems that you can't beat shopping at a retail store for clothing, shoes, among many other things.
I was looking forward to using the belly band for a little extra support (and, of course, to help offer a little extra coverage for the hemline of my tops)...unfortunately when it arrived it already fit extremely loose, so it wasn't of much use to me. The waist extenders came in handy during my first trimester, haven't used them since.
It's smaller than I expected so if you have a larger chest I suggest going a size up.
It works okay for a short while but the insert's tongue that you slide into the wallet gets wrinkled too easily and the whole insert begins to fall out of your wallet everytime you open it after a short while. It is nothing like the original Rolf's wallet insert in which the tongue part that slides into the wallet was made of a thicker plastic to prevent the wrinkling that causes the inherent failure of this one. Unfortunately, I can't find Rolf's wallet inserts anymore. Luckily these don't cost very much but I guess you'll get what you pay for.
Didn't like it - gave it away. Too flimsy.
I had to have a zipper installed otherwise I would have to remove costume completely to go pee.
I thought this would be a bit more practical or fashionable. There was a point in time where I walked to work every morning at 3AM in the dead of winter to open a coffee shop. A product like this would be perfect to keep the heavy winds off the face, however any other conditions this head covering is a bit much. Also, the head cover came WAY too large. The part meant to cover the mouth/chin would sag downward to my throat.
The package was opened when I Received it
Not even close to the color shown. Shape was more like a bell, very wide at the bottom and a wide collar. But the worst part.... It smelled like smoke! gross! Will be returning!
Being advertised as heavy duty for work pants, I assumed this item would be great. Unfortunately, this is NOT the case. The gap is too wide for most belt thicknesses, but I wear a much thicker belt which holds my tool pouch, and the back strap still occasionally comes unfastened. Not only will it not stay on my belt, the adjustment on the front straps will NOT stay in position. It is just the "friction" type and a person should be able to clamp this in position to remain as adjusted for comfort. I might try to heat the fasteners as I have read others doing, but I think the manufacture should correct these faults
Not as large as advertised. Found a pre-teen to give it to.
Good for a wedding or high school prom.
The material is a bit thin and the color is more of a faded olive rather than the vibrant olive pictured.
Have not received the product
The first one came and the lights didn't work. I exchanged it and the second one was missing the light controller, there were just two bare wires. If it worked I would have kept it but am done wasting my time on this one.
This was very large and just fell right off me. Not very good material either. For reference I am 5'4 and 140lbs and I got the medium.
Did not like top snapping at angle never stays put.
Hate the material it's itchy and scratchy no stretch and two small I wear an 18-20 and got the XXXL and it's to small and tight. Will be returning
Fit oversized but not in a good way.
I normally wear a med/leg, I bought a 3xl, still couldn't button it. I gave it 2 stars only because the quality of the shirt itself was great. I used it for a pin up photo shoot. I wore a t shirt under it and left it open. Worked great, but can never actually wear it.
to tight on my legs,and my legs are normal sized
Went from fitting to, too small to button after one wash.
I bought many T-shirts in the same price range but this one looks poor in quality, also size is in appropriate as mentioned in the chart. not worth spending more than $8 for this product, I got better quality from other bands at lesser price
My daughter just received her outfit and absolutely loves it! However, this “brand new” outfit has BLOOD stains on it and loose threads all over the collar of the jersey. I'm absolutely disgusted and very disappointed! I won't let my daughter touch this outfit, let alone try it on. The sizing looks accurate so that's a plus.
The cover up was nice but the balls looked very cheap. Kinda like a child's craft. Wouldn't recommend. Maybe if the balls were all one color or a different material. It was like the craft balls you get for crafts. I don't see these holding up well if they got wet.
I absolutely loved the design of this shirt. Ordered a 2x which is what I always wear. 6 ft tall 300 lbs. couldn't get the 2x short over my head. Neck was so tight it cut off circulation. Didn't even make it down to my belly button. Gave shirt to my wife who is 5ft 1 and 100 lbs. Fit her fine. So men's 2x fits like a women's medium. Loved the silk like material and design though. Just wished it was a true 2x.
Hat seems ok but the flower is cheap iron on or painted on. I doubt it will last.
It was shipped in an envelope brim all crushed up took me a while to bend it back to shape would of sent it back didn't want to go thru hassles
Not what I expected, picture is deceiving. The design is poorly printed instead of a pretty stitch like it looks from afar in the picture. It is soft but I would not purchase another one. Just not pretty.
The costume itself is pretty cute, but as soon as I unwrapped It I could see there are green mold spots on it. There is also orange/brown spots all over the white parts. This picture was taken right after opening the package. I will attempt to hand wash this to try to get the mold spots off but I am not hopeful. At least I will be able to neutralize the mold smell. Very disappointing.
Cheaper quality material. Wouldn't buy again but for the 6 washes they will be able to handle they fit great!
Nice flowing fit. Very thin material. You can see through it.
Found them to be not very absorbent. Rough. Dainty looking yes but not quite what I needed.
I'm disappointed with this shirt. It already started getting holes in. Whitch is a bummer because it's super comfy and adorable.
To small and kinda rolls down
Two pair of the socks were too small to fit on my foot because the band of the sock is extremely small , I wear a 9.5 shoe. One pair ripped once I put it on. The other pair are okay but I will see how they hold up once I wear them a full day.
Ordered 6-12 months for my 9 month old boy and couldn't even get it buttoned. Also this was very long. Probably look better on a girl with black leggings. Not typical flannel shirt length.
The wallet looks and feels great, but it doesn't block RFID.
I wear a large and this felt like 3XL. The tag said large on it so I don't know if this was a defect.
Shirt is SUPER stretchy & a little more snug than I normally would like. Love the design/print, just not a fan of the material of the shirt.
It doesn't fit exactly how the picture shows. I guess it might look different on some faces, but when I wear mine the skull from the top jaw looks decent, but the teeth are stretched out across my face. That's all you see is the teeth stretched out. It just a bit off like your wearing white paint.
The band is not as pictured....Brim is very large.....This item was delivered in a box much, much to small. The crown was smashed down and the brim curled up all the way around. Extremely disappointing.
Too much fuzz comes off and gets on everything
I know it says the packages may come in assorted colors or prints but the ones I received were a really ugly print. The material is not a high quality and the fit is just ok. This is the first and will be my last time buying undies online. I got what I ordered; a package of 5 undergarments so I am not totally dissatisfied but I will want to see my undergarments first before next purchase.
These don't provide as much support as I'd like as they fit kind of baggy. I wish I'd sized down.
Nothing I cannot use it.
hat is adorable. however my packaging came ripped apart.
Lost screws after a few weeks of use . Emailed support with no response . Waste of money
Do not get the brown shirt. I have to tell people what it says.
It was great until the seam where the metal wire on one side popped out so soon.
EXPECTED BETTER QUALITY FOR THE MONEY....TOP IS OK BUT THE BOTTOMS IS SO THIN YOU SEE YOUR BUTT CRACK
Received ripped. Seams weren't going to last. Would have been great, but poorly constructed
Shirt is nice and is as expected but the odor that it comes with is so strong it stinks up the room it's in. Even after washing it, the odor still remains.
Fits smaller dint really like the feel of it.
Item is too confusing to put on. So I don't wear it much
I am 5'10" and a plus size girl. This swimsuit was short in the torso and had absolutely no support for the girls! Had to return suit??
These are see through if you bend... at all. If you dont bend, they are perfect for you.
After going through all the reviews, I bought this two-piece. Ordered a L size. The fit is perfect. I wore it just for a day and threads started coming out of the shorts. Did anyone else face the same problem? Attaching a couple of photos.
Love so many things about this Kimono; the color, the size and the print, however, after wearing it once the inner tie is almost completely unraveled. I'm not tying it so tight that I'm putting strain on the fabric. The hemline is also very loosely sewn. I'm disappointed in the quality for the price.
what i go was was to short I am 5'6 with and they hit me at the top of my pants. I would like for them for come down a little longer than that.. and I have not washed them yet,
I bought this for my son ‘s birthday but it's too small for him and the window to return/exchange is closed.
Got a run instantly. Not as durable as they used to be.
cheap material. putting them on the very first time I ripped a whole in the toe space.
I ordered this 2x larger than I normally would. I was hoping for something oversized and cozy. Instead, I got a crop top. It's honestly still really cute and I do wear the sweater as a crop top, it's just not what I expected. Order your size accordingly. It also feels like a cheap sweater but it's not uncomfortable at all, it's just the quality you paid for!
Very thin. Doesn't feel like it will hold up to several uses and washes.
I liked the coat fine but it was my own fault for now ordering a larger size then what I am. I'm a solid M and I'm not sure a large would have been comfortable. Hard to tell. I returned it. I think if you have the right size the coat would be awesome.
The top of the sweater fits very snug....I am very small chested so it doesn't happen often! The pleats on the bottom laid weird..maybe because the top was snug...I returned the product.
Faded the first time I wore them but they are very beautiful and sturdy I'm going to buy something to keep it from fading more there not very big but I like the size
I had measured myself and bought these to help with the chafing between my thighs for my upcoming vacation The black lace one fit perfectly but this brown one was too big and I am constantly fidgeting with it because it keeps falling down.
Didn't fit my 3 yr old and now my 1 yr old wears them.
Smaller than described and very chintzy. Paid $7.99, wouldn't have paid half that if I'd held it beforehand. Polka dots are beige. Returned. (Two stars because it came quickly, packaging was ok, and return was easy.)
I had the measurements perfect yet the waist was way to loose. It did not look good so I had to return it.
It's cut weird in the chest and not at all sizes correctly. I even went up A size just in case. Won't order again
Just not what i expected. Probably an item better bought in person.
Exactly like picture. Fits well. Smells like mildew! Yuck
Ordered one size larger based on description and still too small in the waist
Bought these for basic training. Handy because they're all black and have 8 pairs. Though they were always riding up my butt. Yikes! All that training with panties in riding up is the worse.
Ordered the 4T for our 4 year-old in motor oil, navy, and khaki. Great fit for both length and in the waist. However, after just 2 months 2 of the 3 pairs of pants have holes in the knees. I estimate that he wore each pair (the ones with the holes) twice per week, or about 20 times before they ripped. He likes to play hard, but the pants from Old Navy are still holding up after nearly 6 months of use.
Definitely Cute And Comfortable But It's Little Loose I Wish They Had An Extra Small.
Too large would like to return the item. Need return label Thanks Vera Gregory
Shirt is fine The product was shipped like it was returned just rolled up in a ball, un buttoned. Very unprofessional for a company. Disappointed
I ordered two pairs. The first one was perfect, the second was tight around the thighs. Plus the shipping takes so long. The second pair arrived two weeks late.
The first time I washed the shirts the gold heart on one of the shirts started to melt off. Cheaply made.
First wear of each pair and there are holes.
WAY more low cut in the arms then the picture makes it out to be!
I buy medium cause I see reviews saying runs small but medium is too big, and not a good quality
Not what I expected
definitely too small for a 3 year old.
It didn't fit at all like what I thought! It was made cheaply and not the quality it looks like in the picture... truly disappointed!
It was so cute and fit me well but after I wore it once I washed it and hung it to dry I noticed the seams fell apart. So now I have two holes that I will have to sew.
Not quite sure how to use it. If I can figure that out it might work.
After one or two washes the material feels papery and the edges almost seem faded. Was I not supposed to put this in the washer? Oh well.
Well, the product is a pretty color and styled nicely but the cup size is a little too big and the bottoms are FAR too snug! Didn't get to wear to the beach anyway.
For years I have been buying Riggs Wrangler cargo pants but they didn't seem to last long so I wanted to give something else a try, I didn't think that I could go wrong with the more expensive Carhartt pants but I was wrong! The fit is fine, but the cargo pockets are way to low for a 30 inch inseam. Not only do I have to bend quite a bit to get items from the cargo pockets but items in the pockets actually rub on my calves when I walk. It also seems like the left cargo pocket is located to far forward, the seam actually runs over the center of my kneecap. The bottom right corner of the left cargo pocket actually sits right between my knee and the ground whenever I kneel down and it is rather uncomfortable! I don't know if this was a factory second, but i won't be buying more!
I searched for THICK, no show socks. These are not thick. I have a very narrow, low volume foot and need thick socks to help shoes fit. I am sure for most people these are great and they even come in a large size. Just not thick.
The bag looked great when I got it, nice color and pretty strap, 2 stars for that, because I only used it 2 weeks until it started tu rip!, I don't even carry much weight. also before I used it I had to wait like a week until the stink went away. Like other reviews say, it smell like gasoline for some reason. I really wanted to love this bag, pitty
If you're looking for reasonable quality socks that fit well, these aren't the socks you're looking for. They fit well, but the quality is poor (the first pair I pulled out of the bag had a hole in the toe before I even tried to put them on. They material is ok, but not as comfy as I'd like. They feel like they'll only last a few washings, but with so many in the bag, I haven't had to wear a pair after washing it yet.
Barely sticky and certainly won't hoist up the girls at all. What a disappointment.
I ware x-large in all of my shirts but these are really tight. Hope they don't shrink in the wash!
Fit was ok, disappointed with material. Looked cheap, has an ugly polyester look. I returned it.
No such thing as 2 day prime more like 5 day shipping
I ordered a size medium and they sent a size large. I missed the window for return as life gets busy so now I'm stuck with pants that are way too big.
Extremely larger than regular size and when it was washed the black dye ran into my other clothes..alot of black dye...Disappointed.
Love the jacket, but the zipper was broken when delivered.
The material is nice, so I give it two stars. I ordered large for my brother, it even hard to fit me who ware woman's Medium.
I ordered this for pictures and quickly realized the colors are way darker than the stock photo. My daughters have mustard yellow dresses and what looks yellow is bright orange in person.
A bit too voluminous and overwhelming for me - I'm 5'3 and the skirt ended up feeling like a big bag. Returned.
I had high hopes for these undies as they got tons of rave reviews but I have found that these do not wash and wear well and have a factory odor that I cannot get rid of. The elastic is coming out after two washes and I can still smell them literally the entire day I wear them. Being pregnant adding another weird odor is the last thing you want 🤢 Great concept, poor execution.
Our 4th grade son loves Fort Nite and loved the look of this backpack; unfortunately after using if for only 2 weeks the main compartment zipper came apart. This is after we babied it because the zipper kept separating after being zipped closed, so we would have re zip until it would seal. The company told us we could keep the backpack and receive a 40% refund (what can you really do with a broken backpack?) or return it (at our cost) to receive the full refund. So just because of the principle of the whole thing we did return it for a refund, which we have been told we will receive in a few days.
I can see how this would be an amazing product for someone with smaller needs... but for a DDD there was no support and I had to return it.
Returned. Looked like a potato sack
Would have like it if it didn't run so small
This mask is just like pictured. The 2 🌟 is because of the horrible smell. When my son wear it you can smell the chemicals. I want to trash it but he loves it so much.
They ripped literally as soon as I put them on, not true to size at all. WAAAAYYYYY TO SMALL and the material was so fragile and thin. Do not recommend
I'm 5'7" 150 lbs, wear a size 34 B or C, size 8 shirt, and size 10 pants. I tried this bra in both of my usual bra sizes and it dug into the the flesh at the outer edge of my breast toward under my arm. This must have something to do with the size and shape of my breasts, but I'll tell you, I could not keep this bra on for more than a minute.
Sent back because they were too small.I was so excited about them, but they just didn't fit. I'm normally a small so I ordered a small, should have ordered a medium or a large.
Shirt is ok. I ordered it in green and the one sent is more of a dark gray with a blue tint. Would have given 5 stars if they sent the right item.
Unfortunately it fits great except in the shoulders and upper arm....way too tight
Make no mistake about it; the dress is beautiful. However, it did not fit my body right. It was too loose around the midriff (front and back). Yes, the red underlay is short, but the long black hanging beads take care of that issue. If you are a woman who is smaller in the chest, smaller in the waist, and larger in the hips and butt, you may find yourself having the same issue as me. Other ladies at the event wore this same dress (same color, different color). From my opinion, this dress is PERFECT for a more full figured woman as it complements her entire body. I have sent the dress back seeing as how I did not wear it.
I loved it!!! It fit perfect. But quality is not too good, it does not worth the price, some threads and a hole next to the buttonhole after the first use
Bottoms are very small and the top is super long.
I didn't like it at all. Too large and the material looks cheap.
Purchase silicone inserts and couldn't tell a difference with them.
White top is very thin and see-through.
Returned as too heavy.
Cheap material.... but looks ok
Eh. Looks better in the photo. Also a bit large.
This shirt is cute but not worth $18.99. The pattern is just printed on, as opposed to being woven, so the inside of the shirt has that white/washed-out look to it, and doesn't match the outside of the shirt. It's also a bit itchy. I may have paid $5 for this shirt if I saw it on a shelf but I certainly wouldn't have paid $18.99. I'll probably send it back, honestly.
Very cute, and decent sizing, except the neck hole is WAY too small to fit over the head! Wish there were some snaps or a zipper integrated into the design - as-is, we couldn't get it onto our kid!
The belt looks great, and appears to be solid. But. ... the buckle snapped and it broke the FIRST time he tried to use it. I would not recommend unless it's maybe for a one time use.
Reduces the screen brightness too much.
The large was too small. Sent it back.
Way too small and not well made. The bow fell right off. I usually wear a two sizes smaller than I ordered and this didn't fit.
The panties are way too large and overall I did not like it..
This was not the quality I was looking for and it does not fit the way the picture portrays it.
The first one I pulled on got a run in it immediately. Not very sturdy
It's a beautiful dress but it's wayyyyy too big around the stomach area but wayyy too small in the chest and shoulder area (and I have a pretty small chest and narrow shoulders) and it was super uncomfortable.
Exactly as described. However, the material is cheap and it broke apart after just one night out. I do not recommend this.
These seem like a great idea, but they don't work! I tried them out 3 different times, and the top portion that is supposed to give you the support came unstuck all 3 times within 20-30 minutes! And I'm only an A cup! In addition, they show through the fabric of a regular T-shirt. I envisioned the upper part to be a little thinner, so it wouldn't show through. I can't imagine how it would look with a solid color thinner material blouse or dress!
They sent wrong color, the breast fabric was stitched to high up, and the arm holes were to tight. The body part of the dress fit just fine so at least the sizing in that regard was accurate. Was easily returned cause I have prime.
The adhesive doesn't stay on the skin. It comes off with even minor movement so the pads end up dangling awkwardly or falling off. The shape of the pad is also very noticeable. Glad I tried them out around the house instead of going out in public with them on.
Scrub pants are very nice and comfortable but still long for a petite size... I'm 5'0 feet tall and pant legs fall past feet... I end up walking on the pants and the they rub on the floor... Had to get them tailored
The product description clearly says elastic, and that is certainly not the case. Very disappointed.
Online says med was a 8-10. Item came in med but says 10 -12 on pant tag.
Received my item with a rip at the seam. Beautiful dress otherwise.
These would be good for later in pregnancy. The buttons were too far apart to help me in the first half or so of pregnancy. I wish they would've solved for various stages with multiple adjustable buttons or clasps.
The description said that the XXL fits a size 18 which i am, and i could not get them over my knees. Way too small. I gave them to my daughter, she is a 12/14 and they fit her snug.
Wore one pair no issues stayed on longer than expected very pleased until I wore a second pair the black “x” which is a different thicker material broke out in rash on both nipples Not happy
Fit as expected, the quality seemed ok but I looked like a grape! Not flattering on my body at all. I returned it.
This was a reorder the first pair Medium fit perfect and I loved the material, why I reordered. I just got the second pair also a medium except its NOT its more like a small and a cheaper material. I am dissatisfied and disappointed.
Cute design fit horribly
The tank fits nicely around the chest, but as many other reviews say, it is too blousy at the bottom and around the middle. I don't need my gym clothes skin-tight, but I want them to at least look like they fit well. I probably won't be wearing this out (even to the gym) any time soon.
Smells terrible, I have not been able to use, it has been almost a month is on the patio..
The pockets on the front cause it to bulge out awkwardly. Maybe it's just the one I recieved, but it is not body flattering like in the photos. The fabric is thick and bunches up around the mid section. I've ordered several dresses from Amazon and have loved all of them until now. Not impressed.
The netting in the photo doesn't look the same in real life. I've had shirts with the style of netting I expected and this isn't it. It fits well and I will still wear it, just not by itself because it looks cheap.
This would have been perfect except for the arm hole that forms a loop because it was not sewn right. Im contemplating if I'll return as I really like it. Maybe I'll just use a blazer or something.
These are very thin! Material has no stretch or compression whatsoever! Wide waistband does nothing if the material is already acting stretched out ! I'm slim and usually wear a small in tights or leggings! I ordered a medium but don't think a small would change anything because it's a cheap material that's thin and feels like stretched out pantyhose! To the point of being baggy!
I like the dress but was very disappointed that it came torn right on the front so it can't even be hidden. Edit: I would like to add the I've bought several dresses from this company and this was the only one I had an issue with. They were very polite and I would recommend buying from them.
Way too small and paper thin. Colors are nice
Washed once and it lost two buttons. After I had sown on the buttons, it lost another after wearing. It fits a wee bit small but the fabric is soft and light, stitching is perfect but quickly made.
Cute top but runs small
Seam down the back gapes open when stretched when it's on being worn.
It's giant. Can't wear it without it looking ridiculous. Very disappointed.
This was pretty but just didn't fit correctly. I think it could have been sewn better.
A little more form fitting then expected
The dress was pretty, but the size selections aren't very good. I had to order a large for the length, but it was so big in the chest and waist that I had to return it. I'm 5'7” and 145lbs sand was swimming in the dress.
These socks are HUGE. I have a small foot and these are way too big for me. They are warm and cozy looking though.
I expected material that was cool and silky like the "coolibar" scarf. I guess you get what you pay for. The price was dramatically cheaper, but so was the fabric! It was really soft! But also it not breathable seems like you'd get really hot with this on! It wasn't breathable and I never took it out into the hot sun. Maybe it provides UV protection?? I have my doubts given the material, maybe would have been a cute FALL scarf, but for the purposes of summer sun protection I'm not sure this is a good option. Again I have not tried it outside in the sun (as all items should be unworn if returning) but I can't imagine it would be helpful. Loved the color and how soft it was, but I would only recommend for cool weather.
it looks better on the picture...I had to cut of some stuff so it looks a bit more like on the picture....material stinks quick...
Too much of a low rise pant for me.
I purchased them and after the first wash, they shrunk and hard to fold them because they don't shape up to be able to fold nicely.
I'm a 38 DD and there is no support whatsoever. The liners are not comfortable so what I ended up doing was removing the liners and just wearing these over a nursing bra. If you have a bigger bust and are wanting something with support that you DONT have to wear a bra with, I would not recommend these tank tops.
Got to give it away to small
Good design but very thin and only lasted a month or so even in wash rotation.
I don't like the sleeve fit. The under part of the sleeve is much shorter than the top making it uncomfortable for me. Otherwise the shirt looked okay but cheap.
It runs on the small side for an XL.
The set I received was missing the tattoo sleeves. Needless to say, I am quite disappointed since my event is tonight and I'm missing pieces.
These shorts made me look like I was rocking a full diaper.
This is a quality product. My advice is if you want the colors shown so you buy these you will be disappointed. This is not the first time I've been disappointed because they just put whatever color in the box.
These are super adorable but the minute I went to wash one of them it COMPLETELY unraveled from the top down!!! Really disappointed that my daughter won't be able to wear them now.
Doesn't look like the photo. I'm 5'3 165 curvy muscular build ...it's a little tight....ordered a large ....I should have gone up a size. Or I guess I can lose 10 lbs .... Either way. Not worth sending it back. I can make it work and dress it up.
Good quality and well made, however I ordered a size 10-12 and received a 5xl. Quite disappointed because I could not return it having had it brought to my vacation island. Sigh
Unfortunately these tanks are too small for me. They fit more like a large than an extra large. I'm also not a fan of the material. It's rather stiff and feels cheap. I'm not sure how it could breath well during a work out.
It didn't look good on me. The elastic waist was awkward.
Was really bummed when this didn't fit. Love the color and the cut was just too small in the bust.
These run a little small..
Very thin and left fluff all over my clothes, had to return.
Didn't like how it fit in front. Didn't think it was too small. It just looked weird on. I like jackets/ blazers /vest. This just was not a good look.
Too small.....returned it.
after only washing them once as directed and air drying they are coming apart at the seams of the finger. I ordered a large but probably could've gone with a small, I feel as if they don't compress enough where I really need the compression (at the base of the fingers), definitely wouldn't recommend these, as a plus though they came as a set so to get the compression I need I wear a left handed glove as well as a right handed glove on my right hand, I know its not recommended but at $21 you would think I would be satisfied with what I have. its too bad that no drug store sells compression gloves near me or id just return these in a heart beat.
Returned it as it offered absolutely NO support.
Short and wide. Tried to size up for length, but didn't work. Warm but not great looking quality to wear out of house.
Thought this would be a great idea for a backpacker but not so much. Ends up not using all the space in the backpack properly and ended up ripping on my second use. I attached a picture of the weak seams.
sent wrong style . I orded ight washed ,and received mid washed. please replace for me
I didn't like that it barely fit around my waist... Sent it back for a refund
I bought this in Feb 2017 and it has literally fallen apart. The collar is coming apart from the jacket and the stitching on the collar is defective. All in all a very poor choice as I have had it to long to return now and am out the money for it.
Too small! Decent quality...not amazing but not terrible.
I like these gloves. They are well made and I like the extra length on the wrists but I can not use my phone with these gloves at all. That was my whole reason for the purchase.
Too big. Comes down over my ears and makes my head look big
Runs small. They were really cute, but was disappointed in how small they were.
Tight. Sizing not right, I couldn't wear it.
I found the material to be too thin. It was a bit see-through and I knew it would show a lot of sweat from a workout. I returned it.
a little small in the arms
size chart was not accurate, dress was too big, had to order smaller size and double pay for dress in order to have in time for holiday. then i had to pay extra shipping on top of it.
Product was nice! Material was light and comfortable. However, I bought it for my aunt as a Christmas present but unfortunately it came with a hole in the seam at the shoulder.
I originally loved this body shaper. I goes exactly where I need it and it's not uncomfortable. The bad thing is, not durable at all! The mesh part on the side ripped right away :/ i used two occasionally for about 3 months and now it's useless:/
I purchased 2 T-Shirts 1. Fire & Rescue fit as expected, love it other shirts with Red Line it is too small, now its a rag
Cheap printed material
length of the legs where about 4" too long, so I did a return and will go to Walmart instead.
I really wanted to like this shirt, and support small business...However, the shirt is of poor quality, I can see right through it from the back! It is also very small. I will need to return it.
Doesn't fit like in the picture is too long
Almost too small (I ordered a medium and I'm 5”2 & 118 pounds) and the white lining on the inside shows through easily. Pretty cheaply made, not really worth the money.
I was so excited for these - it rolls down and the material is so thin that it doesn't effectively hold anything in. Definitely save your money.
The fit was overall small but I was in a time bind and I made it work. I bought 2 of these in different sizes. Both came extremely wrinkled with strings hanging everywhere. Definitely not worth the money, but again, I didn't have time to return and find another one. With feeling super cheap, I would not recommend or purchase again. However, if you're desperate, my boys look cute in the pictures if you don't look too closely.
I loved the design, Fitted by the hips, ripped by trying it on the first time. Seems are not soo straight
I loved this shirt...hid the belly and accentuated the breasts. But was only able to wear one time. Guess I didnt notice when I received it, it was torn all down the side. Can't tell because it's black. I noticed when I went to wear it a 2nd time.
Too big throughout the legs (particularly around the knees). Once I took it out of the packaging, it REEKED of fish. Like I didn't even want to put on the pants on it was so bad. Needless to say, not worth braving the smell to try them on
on a few washes, the material gets flimsy, and tears....only in 2 months of use....
Faded drastically after the 1st wash. The shirt is comfortable. The shorts faded so much after only one wash. The shorts material feels a bit cheap, too.
I bought this poncho to put on when bringing food and water to our backyard flock on rainy days. I've been using it for short times outside for many months and it has been fine. Today I had to tie down a tarp that had come loose on their run, so I was in the rain (steady rain, not a downpour) for about 15-20 minutes. When I came in, I was disappointed to discover that my shirt was drenched from the shoulders all the way down both sleeves. Luckily I was at home and could change my shirt. If I had been at work it would have made for an uncomfortable day. Water-resistant, not waterproof!
The wig doesn't fit. Hair is horrible. Dress too short. Bought this for my 9 year old granddaughter who is very small. She wears a size 6.
Sadly, it was too small.
The sizing factor is incorrect. If you need a Small, order a Medium.
Supper cute, runs very large!
One of the pictures of this product claims it is leather- that is false. It's rubbery in the way it feels, not leathery. The gloves are poorly made and the pointer fingers twist funny so that if the touchscreen part actually worked (which it doesnt) it would be quite hard to use because it falls on the side of the finger rather than under the pad of the pointer fingertip. Also, these are not very warm. My advice is to bypass these gloves and opt instead for leather or wool options. (yes, I am female, yes, I wear men's gloves. that is not the problem here, the problem is a bad product)
The material was scratchy and uncomfortable. Order at least one size up, if not two. The fabric doesn't give it all.
I like the colors and the texture,,,but,doesn't stay in place very well 😫
Fit was good. For yoga these are good for poses with feet facing forward like downward facing dog. However, I find they hurt between the toes on Warrior 2 type poses on the turned out foot. It then pulls/rolls tight between the toes and is painful.
Disappointed with this purchase! After 1yr I still have the dress havent worn it because it was too big
Really cute but tight waist band
Comfortable but so big like the types my great grandmother wears
Very shapeless dress, comfy if you're looking for something to throw on without thought, but I felt like it just made me look like a toddler.
Looks good on model but looks ridiculous on
I was so disappointed when I received this swimsuit. I fell in love with it online, and I just knew it would fit after reading the reviews because I have small breasts. Boy, was I wrong! I'm not sure who can wear this, but you have to be pretty flat chested to pull this off unless you want to flash people from every angle. The rest of the bathing suit is awesome. If it wasn't for the non-existent coverage on top, this would have been a keeper for sure.
Bottoms way too small but top is the right fit. Wasn't able to wear this
Kinda stinks did a two day and got wrong size and can't contact anyone
Does not look true Navy. The Ad stated the necklace came with but did not receive it.
My husband is not happy with the quality.
It is very easy to put on, but as a bigger busted gal it really does nothing for support. Not even enough to hold up the girls to look presentable.
Very comfortable socks but I had to pull socks back up all day long! Socks kept sliding down into my ankle boots! Not happy abt that!
I don't know how they fit. Opened package and they were dirty with black spots. Mold?? Returning.
Sent back. Waaaay too small. Wanted it to work, but it just didn't...
Just expect to do some altering when you get them
Very cute costume, but it sheds. When I say sheds, I mean you will have fuzz all over everything your baby sits on. It comes off like you're grooming dog hair with a furminator.
Not as expected. Wine color is beautiful. But the Shoulder/sleeve area just doesn't work for me. It seemed too tight or the seam didn't sit right on me. I don't know how to describe it. However, the sleeve length was very good. Sadly I will be returning this item.
In retrospect I wish I had returned these. I'm not sure of my exact bra size while nursing. I was a 34D pre-pregnancy but my boobs have grown very large. All of my other nursing tanks/bras have been purchased in XL and they are borderline still too small. I bought an XL in this shirt and it's very loose in the chest. That creates an uncomfortable rubbing on my nipples (which are obviously very tender anyway). Also there is no structure in the chest so my reusable breast pads are constantly moving around in the top and then not serving their purpose. These are really cute but they really provide me more frustrating than they're worth.
I sent this back for a refund. This is way too expensive for the lack of support. It is for someone that does not have much to hide. Someone thin. The only reasons I gave it two stars is because it is comfortable and soft material.
Thinner and not made as well as regular hanes socks. Wear out almost instantly, and fits my husband about the same as the regular hanes.
It was okay until after 1 wash it already fade
It ok I give my sister it you don't of to refund me
They're alright. Nice thickness of material and all but a tad large in the tummy area so they slip down a bit and they show sweat marks way too easily.
i did not receive the size i ordered so gave them away little disgusted i ordered a 9x and got a 9 the colors are nice but wanted the right size
Nice bracelet for the money, had to return because the slider was defective and would not lock into place.
Does not fit or look like the photos . the chest area is cut way too deep... its to bad because if it was cut correctly the dress would be adorable. The body of the dress fits true to size. However the dress is not wearable because of the cut in the chest area And the arm holes.
This was ugly out of the package, not the nice yellow you expect. Also, fabric is a static attractant.
The material at the abs is too thin to able shape the body. Not compressed at all.
Material is cheap and easily torn, and far too shiny and thin to be effective for steampunk style. Zipper is weak and gets stuck easily.
Way to large, no way to work out in this bra. Use for bed time
Tight. Fabric is see through
brim much bigger than I expected. I expected it to fold up smaller for travel. Too bulky for me. Returned
Way too small based on size chart
material thinner than the brand I was buying. size ran very small and short
These were much worse quality than I expected. They curled up on all of the corners.
Looks like a trash bag on. I bought it for my daughter to keep in her purse. She refuses to wear it.
The quality is pretty nice, but it runs much smaller than the size chart indicates. I ordered the biggest size and for something that says 6X, it's no 6X.
These are way too long to be considered crew socks. Also quite thin. Got them for a gift for someone, but am rethinking and now shopping for a better choice. Think I might do better seeing (and feeling) before purchasing.
This bra looked great when I first tried it on and seemed to fit great so I ripped the tags off and washed it. Turns out, the underwire is BRUTAL upon second wear and I am ready to trash it. Such a bummer!
This is a t-shirt. With sleeves that are oddly short. It's paper thin, it fit in literally an envelope when it arrived in my mailbox. It runs minimally one size small, fit is definitely really awkward.
This top fits very snug. I usually buy med size in tops. Would return it if I were using it more than one time.
I even ordered a size up. I always find camis too small and this is the same case. I thought the scooped neck side would be high enough to cover my breasts but it kept sliding down like most camis
For me, these jeans came up higher in the front than the back (and I don't have a big rear end either). So they didn't feel right and they seemed to want to slide down when I walked. Otherwise, the fabric was nice and soft and they looked good from the hips down.
Not worth the money.
I would size up on these jeans. Run very tight, especially in the butt.
This shirt was a child-sized one. I can't get my arm in the sleeve.
I ordered the XXL pack but received 1 of the 3 in the right size. The other 2 pack came in L/XL. I emailed the company to let know about the problem but haven't heard back from them.
The length is too short after one wash cycle. I am not tall, but clearly Hanes intends me to shell out more for the Tall size.
The cups on this are super wide set and the girls pretty much fall out when I bend over. Not what I'm looking for in a bra.
Cute shirt in essence but when I received it, it was very thin and very cheaply sawn. Returned.
Beware: I ordered a black hoodie and when I received it the inside of the hood was yellow. The pic clearly shows it being completely black, but it's not.
Ordering was good, selection was good. Gave this as a Christmas present, the snap was broken when opened on Christmas. The top piece (female) part of the snap was broken into two pieces.
I was not expecting a high quality dress however the photos and reviews did not note that the fabric is sheer. Additionally the fabric has a glossy finish, very shinny! Will be returning
prefer the full elastic without the velcro
Looks great on him, tight though apparently but the pink set fit better
Too big and they show a lot
The shirt is very wide.
Do not like this shirt. Looks like a box shirt.
I order one size and they sent a small and I really liked this shirt I was disappointed I wont be able to wear it at our Easter Monday fair
Bought one pair and loved it great material. Ordered again 2 days later and received cheap feeling material scrubs with a hole in them
Received the wrong size, ordered a medium. Received and XL and the color was more orange than red!
Color was more Teal than the blue shown
Bought these for my daughter to wear under a dress. They were pretty small. I'd buy a larger size or not at all
Wore it once and washed it, hood string unraveled.
The legs of these shorts are HUGE. (No, I do NOT have skinny thighs). I am 5'3", 155 pounds and purchased a size 10. The waist sits right below my waist, but the crotch is very tight. Pulling the front of the shorts down in the front did not work. The material is okay, not heavyweight, but good for summer, hence the 2 star rating.
The shirt is very thin and so were the pants and the button is about to fall off and it came that way my daughter didn't even try it on and I noticed the button was about to fall off .
Good material but not my style. I've always been a medium and this seemed baggy and the sleeves were very long
The belt was too small! I am returning it.
These bras run tight, even with the extenders they come with. The cup size fit fine, but the band is so tight. I slept in these a few times to see if some wear would help them become more comfortable, but when I wake up, this bra leaves red marks in the tight areas. The reviews seemed so promising, so I was really excited to get the 3 pack of bras. Definitely order a size up
This pants unsewed the first time I wore them.
Not flattering at all
Festive Shirt. The neck is way too small. I bought a 2x and I bet the neck is a 14. Looks odd having the collar at 9 and 3 o'clock. Too bad I really was hoping for better.
Listen to the reviews, cheaply made, see through, and the top part is super small and you have to keep pulling at the sleeves...keep looking
I knew these would be on the cheaper end, but when they showed up the color was way lighter than the picture, giving it a cheap 80's workout clothes look. I returned them, and the seller refunded my purchase without incident.
The top on this bathing suit is just awkward. It needs straps to hold it up as it just falls off. Don't expect to wear this to a water park or anywhere where you will be doing actual swimming unless you plan to flash everyone. I returned this. Bottoms were super cute and fit perfectly.
Not flattering. Not the dresses fault. I think this would only look great on someone SUPER skinny.
I ordered what should be the correct size and it's way too small. Waste of money.
So this shirt has an odd fit. No matter what bra I wear under it, it shows and it looks off. So I haven't worn it. If you are slim like I am, it won't fit you right.
Expected more of sweat pant material and was polyester
I ordered the size 33-34 waist and according to the size chart it should be a medium. An XL was sent to me. Not sure how they're figuring out the sizing.
I really liked the quality of material, however; upon opening the packaging, the strap literally fell off of the glove. It appears that the seam was not sewn or was sewn poorly.
I'm still thinking about whether to return it or not. The fabric is very white, but very polyester-like. It doesn't have anything that looks like a cotton blend. In my mind this makes it kind of difficult for casual wear. Also, in the picture it's hard to see that the jacket does not have a collar. It only has a lapel or turn back of the upper front area. Another point is the shoulder has a seam that doesn't show in the picture. It makes me think that they cut the shoulder too small and had to add a piece to make a proper fit. I really wanted a white jacket, but BEWARE!
I'm 5'5 120lbs, I ordered a medium. Overall its good quality, it's just proportioned terribly. It might cover my butt if I'm standing straight up. The tie is in the middle of my ribs. It might work if you're 5' tall. I do like the ¾ sleeves and the color was spot on, so that's a plus.
The style was cute but the material was super thin and cheap. It also runs very small so order a size up.
These run small. I've bought from my local store and they fit perfectly and are super soft. These are stiff and tiny!!! I don't think they are real Hanes.
velco attached to everything
I cant say I don't like it because I actually love it, I can't even wear it because it was damaged when it got here, so I'm just waiting for the seller to respond. The sizes are true to fit, so just order your regular size it won't be too small or too big their sized perfectly. its warm, very soft inner lining and very comfortable. The only problem for me was the damage which I can fix but it will cost me, and waiting for it to come took well over a month to get it, so I really don't want to wait for a return, buy the time I get it, it'll be summer time.
This scarf is tiny. I would not recommend buying unless you're getting it for a child.
By the time I put everything in this it was too thick and bulky. I won't even use this.
I purchased this top because a couple of reviewers stated the white was not see through. It IS see through and the color is sort of a dirty white and cheap looking. Very disappointed.
I ordered assorted colors, the whole package was white. Not what I expected at all.
I expected the product to perform as in the ad. It doesn't. A friend suggested that you had to have a certain weight for it to perform as in the ad. It felt more like a relaxed girdle but it did nothing decreasing inches. I thought maybe the ladies wore a size up to make it appear as if they'd lost inches.
Runs small in size order four up might be right good quality the lace is nice.
They fit great. Feel great. But I was sent the wrong colors. Sent the light color package, not the darker.
Too small, not proportionate to upper and lower torso.
too small on the legs and way to big in the feet.
I did not like the shapermint because it rolls down while you are wearing it.
The masks looked beautiful but they are poorly crafted. The masks broke as soon as we tried to put them on the day of the event. The woman one's ribbon popped off as soon as I tried to tie it on, and the male mask's top section completely fell off AT the event. Easily fixable but it just sucked that this happened before we even got to wear them. I guess you get what you pay for.
Cutie but fits very very very small. Xl=medium. Medium =extra small
They don't cover the entire ear and are to small.
After washing them several times, they shrunk and now my belly button shows when I reach up. I am going to through them away.
Unfortunately the dress was way too baggy. I ordered a size medium but it fit like a large. I was locked out of my Amazon account for a while so by the time I got back in, it was too late to return it
Wasn't really impressed with this dress and mine never came with the belt. The fabric was ok but it was so stiff and lightweight that it stuck out awkwardly at all times and never fell down or looked like an attractive silhouette. It would require ironing and starching the pleats before every wear to get them to sit like the picture. Plus, I ordered an XL and the arm holes were wayyyyy too small. My arms are larger than some but *definitely* not larger than your average XL woman. Just looked and felt cheap overall.
Does not expand like it says, and broke debit card, only had 4 cards in it...
Not loose and flowy like shown on the model. It is a tight fit tank unless you are very petit.
At first these panties appeared well made and they were very comfortable. But after the very first wash they start falling apart. I washed them in cold water with like colors on a gentle cycle and they came out looking shredded. The elastic frayed and falling apart.
I liked the belt quite a bit but it broke by the 4th day of wearing it.
Large fit. Not ideal if you have slim fit shirts. Cotton is good quality though.
Socks are short, quality is marginal. Not impressed. Was hoping for something that would work well with boots but I don't think these will stay up with boots because they are so short.
I wouldn't buy these again. They are very thin material and after 1 wash and wear, they pilled on bottom. The price was nice and the speed of delivery was great.
Cheap material and came extremely wrinkled. Unfortunately had to return .
Does not look nearly as nice as in the picture, and despite being pretty loose, still is transparent. Also had a VERY strong chemical smell when it arrived. Would have returned it, but couldn't do so in time. Idk what to do with it...
Doesn't cover butt well at all. Almost a thong
It's super white and the large was a little big.
Beware: this item runs about 2 sizes smaller than labeled. I'm extremely disappointed with the fit of this nightshirt. I intentionally ordered this a size larger than I normally wear hoping that it would fit comfortably and in case of shrinkage after washing & drying, but even that wasn't enough. It's just cut/made/sized incorrectly. The fabric is a soft, brushed flannel that is fairly tightly woven with pretty satin trim detail around cuff, collar and center front edges. It's a shame this pretty looking item is so incorrectly sized.
I returned this product because it was too small.
Finger holes on item were incorrectly placed, I had to safety pin it to myself.
A bit to long but otherwise ok
They have an ok boxer brief but simple adjustments would make it a lot.better. Some of the colors go well together but the majority of the boxers are bland. The tag on the inside of the boxer has a loose end, so it is very itchy above your behind. They're a little tight on the upper thigh but overall they are soft. Outside of the tag, the waistband holds up well.
I asked for a size 8 and received a size 6.
Not as pictured but good for the price
They fit like a dream the first day but they stretched out and never regained their initial firmness. The fabric must be poor.
Not particularly helpful at masking waistline, though it did seem to slim chest profile a bit. A bit too uncomfortable to be worth it
First late delivery. Second I comfortably wear large t-shirts. This one was way too small. Gave it to my grandson.
These run very small, the only reason it's not a lower rating is because the fabric is nice and breathable and they stay really cool. If you have thick thighs and a butt. I would go up a size. I wish I would have gotten the XL rather then the L. I would not buy these again.
It's still a comfy suit, but it's not the same print as in the pictures, and the stitching is very weak.
Dont like the way it may my breasts look
Nice looking set but very small.
Not the same brand tshirt as advertised. I wasn't expecting a FRUIT OF THE LOOM shirt, disappointed.
I ordered these for my daughter to wear on Christmas eve. She took them out of the wrapping and when she put them on the poorly made zipper broke. Not only did the thing that zips fall off but a bunch of the teeth to the zipper broke off making it impossible for me to repair.
It seems okay to me.
I got these socks for my 20 month old hoping he'd have some room to grow into them. Boy was I wrong. They fit ok in the foot part, but from the ankle up they are ridiculously tight. I've tried pulling them up over his calves, folding them over once so the top band is around his ankle, even just scrunching them - all to no avail. Regardless of how it's positioned, that shaft digs into his leg/ankle and leaves a nasty red mark. The quality otherwise is great. They'll make good socks for some 3 month old somewhere.
Definitely get a size bigger, the extenders help, but very little.
After two weeks the ratchet quit holding now the belt goes to good will
I bought this for a Halloween costume (since I certainly was not going to cut my hair just for one day and one costume), and it was great for the look! Just for fun, I wanted to wear it again and it was very oily and greasy. I tried taking some dry shampoo to it to get some of the oil out, but it never looked right again. It's not good quality for multi-use, but if you want bangs fringe for just 1 or 2 days, this is a good purchase.
Cheap, thin, cut way more than I thought.
My pillow cover arrived on time and it has a durable zipper and seems. Unfortunately, the printing looks like an iron-on transfer.
Fit not as shown. More tailored.
First, the good. The tie seems to be well made and the stitching seems to be strong, but time will tell on both counts. The tie arrived quickly. Now, the not so good. When the tie arrived it was folded and in a lightly-padded envelope, so the fabric had wrinkles down the front of the tie. The color is considerably lighter than pictured, and since the photo is poor quality it hides some of the details that are offset from the dots. The tie is also not 3.5". It's just barely over 3". While at first glance half of an inch might not seem to be that big of a deal, it's significant in the width of men's neckties. At 3", this is more of a modern cut that will look a out of place if worn with a traditional-fit jacket or suit.
The tutu was fine but the head band feathers and singles our feathers were all messed up and couldn't be used
Cheap, doesn't stretch and too small
Thin, big and just ok
The material was nice. They ran a bit larger in the legs.
Looks very cheap in person, returned
I'm personally a huge fan of anything fluffy, pink, shiney, and basically anything extra girly. In theory this would have been a great addition to my collection of cute girly things, but unfortunately it didn't make the cut. I rocked it for about a month before it's unfortunate demise. Sad but oh well, you won some you lose some. I wouldn't bother purchasing again.
Non slip feature is not effective.
These are great quality gloves, but run very small. I had to give them away.
Comfortable and fits well on my size 10 feet, however I found the first hole after two months of light wear. I don't think these have been worn more than 3-4 times.
Fits small on 36B. Probably best on someone who has small breast. Absolutely no support. Although the it provided full coverage & the adhesive was pretty sticky, my breast sagged and it felt like the bra was falling off all evening. I would not buy again.
Runs small very small. I'm a tiny women with a very small head. Didn't fit well. Doesn't give much coverage at all. Much better for a preteen I feel.
The was no mention in the description that the print/decal for the lotus design had glitter on it. This would have been important in deciding to buy. Wore it once and my house and car are covered in glitter, I will not be wearing it again.
I'm normally a small so I ordered both m & s b/c reviews say runs small ...but the small did fit, however they were ripped at the seam & didn't love how they fit.
not comfortable at all, very awkward looking and cheap fabric.
This belt will do the job but is thin and not what I was looking for
This doesn't fit my face properly, it bulges out at the sides. I don't like the shape of the mask either, it has a very weird chin shape, and the part that is covering the bridge of my nose is pretty painful after just a few minutes. I will have to extremely modify this to make it work.
Doesn't do much in the way of making my baby sleep or stay asleep longer. The quality of the material is nice and the product is well made.
This facemask is very warm, but it's too short. If you have to look up, there is a massive hole exposing you neck to the cold.
The high waist is great but the leggings are thinner than expected and pilled badly after just one wash. They're ok, but I've ordered better in the same price range so I wouldn't recommend these.
Description said 5/6 and it fit more like a 4t. My son is little and shirt still fit him to small
Felt thin and cheap...style looks like something I should give to my son...a little immature looking...not as nice as represented in the pics.
My fingers typically get cold so I was hoping these would do the trick. After a 20 walk in 20 degree weather (dry and sunny) my fingers were getting cold.
I did not like this. It was not made well and I returned it.
Looks like an old lady shirt. Maybe it's because I'm in my 40's, I don't know.
Material is very very thin, and the shirt was way smaller than they pants. It looks awful. The shipping took a month just for me to be disappointed.
The product is see through. My daughter has to wear leggings underneath.
I ordered this dress in two patterns. The sizing was consistent. I am 5'5", 135 pounds, and a size small was the right size in both dresses. Unfortunately the quality was inconsistent. The Navy Blue 1 color was horrible....the material a very cheap polyester shiny feel. And the white lining came out of the dress at the neckline. The Light yellow dress was a much prettier pattern and more of a comfortable jersey feel to the material. Both dresses were midi length. Both had non functioning buttons. Both went back. I think every print of this dress will tell a different story in regards to quality.
For reference, I usually take a 38B, and I ordered the large in these. They are cut really high under the arms, and I found that to be uncomfortable. I have marks under my arms when I take the bra off. Unfortunately, I didn't realize the extent of the problem until after I'd already worked out in them. I will say that they do provide good support, and maybe they'd work a little better for someone with a different build.
Granted, I'm not skinny nor petite, but I'm not overweight. This looked like crap, it's too tight and I had an XL! I'm normally a L/XL in dresses.
Material was kind of cheap washed them before use and they still dyed my skin black.
This top is not an A line or flowy hem as pictured. It's a boxy square shape. Not what you see. Material is good.
Definitely not what I expected. Cheap material and I couldn't even wear them for the event I needed them for.
Did not like the fabric at all. And the quality was lacking overall.
REGARDING THE RATING: - The 2 Star Rating is for the SHORTS only. For the SELLER, definitely 5 stars. PROS: - Looks great - Good wide selection of colors CONS: - Fit is a bit smaller throughout the thigh / knee area than I am used to or like. SUMMARY: - Clothes, shoes are all a personal fit ... and for me, this wasn't quite what I wanted/needed to feel comfortable wearing. Returned for a prompt refund. I definitely recommend this seller though.
These run very small. I am 5'4" 135lbs and could not pull M size pants on because I was afraid to rip them - they do not stretch all that much...
Got a small.. 5'6”, 120, muscular build. It was too tight in the arms and chest and too loose around the waist. Otherwise, very cute.. just doesn't work for a muscular frame.
This item would do better if the manufacturers made an attempt to tarnish the wings. To simulate some age.
I was looking to wear in the gym, I thought the zipper pocket would work for carrying a cell phone or keys, however, the pocket opening is too small to fit my hand in. Solution was give the shorts to my son!
Does not have US Air Force 0n the brim like the ad shows
Way smaller than size indicated. Almost no material in the front.
Cute bathing suit but poor quality. Clasp is very strange and does not hold well. Straps also do not stay clasped. Not worth the money.
Like the material the length I was just a bit disappointed in the fact that the fabric is a bit see thru on the chest would recommend a size up
These were my first spanx so I'm guessing to how they are supposed to fit. The legs and lower torso were great, but it's IMPOSSIBLE to keep the top from rolling down if you don't have a flat stomach, and if you have a flat stomach you don't need spanx. The moment the top of them hits a soft spot, they roll down into this right roll that digs in and creates a muffin top mid-torso. Which gives you two rolls instead of nicely and smoothly shaping the ones you already have and bought the torture garment to hide. And it basically feels like a cake wire trying to cut your muffin in half. Which results in countless bathroom trips to strip and adjust, making new friends all along the way when you desperately need someone to help move your bra while you fight nuclear spandex. Don't bother with strapless spanx if you have any belly fat. And if you don't have any belly fat, you don't need spanx.
I am very disappointed it is roughing up the edges of my playing cards. I stopped using it.
Really pretty but it runs small. I'm a 36 D and the Large didn't fit. The straps dig into my shoulders and the front is not stretchy enough to pull to the side to nurse.
Very small fit and not much supporting structure built in
Cute color. Cut is very small
Not for top heavy women but skirt was cute even tho it was tight also. I ordered an XL
First time I ordered the product never arrived (shipper lost or damaged product, USPS,UPS or Fedex) After a few hours of use the straw weaving is starting to unravel and there are starting to become small holes in the brim. Not what I expected from a brand like quicksilver
The only probably is the string for your butt is super long so I cut and sewed it but other than that I'm 5"7 130lbs 34c and it fits good
Received it fast but didn't come with a belt. Size is smaller then stated.
This is my 3rd order of this T-shirt, which I wear under scrubs. Has been very good inexpensive shirt, but the order of 3 WHITE shirts today is disappointing. The color is almost lilac, it is so tinted. Definitely NOT white, and I have been unable lighten it with a bleach soak. Keeping for undershirts, but will not not order again. Have to find a new favorite ☹️
Seam split after first few wears
I bought these pants to be loose lounge pants and for the mosty part they were great and super comfy, except for the part where they busted out in the inseam after one wear because they were not as thick thigh friendly as i anticipated. I normally wear a size * in jeans and was disappointed that these pants were not one size fits me.
The length and fit are good EXCEPT at the hips. The portion on the top where the lace is attached has no stretch. I am a curvy girl, and it's too tight at the hips.
I always wear a small, this is way to small though... : (
I ordered a small and a medium came. I'm very annoyed by this... doesn't fit. Did not receive why I ordered ...
I measured myself per the sizing guide and when this arrived it fit way too large. No compression. I returned.
Used the size chart and it fit great. It was Sooooooooooo cute but literally the first time I tried it on one of the garter clasps broke. They're plastic not metal. So that's disappointing. Especially because without the garter straps attached to stockings this outfit just isn't the same..
Both pairs ripped after only a couple uses, both in different spots, not on the seams.
Poor quality- stiff material. Ripped at the seam on the sleeve after wearing once. Beautiful color though.
I'm returning it....... It's really cute and the body fits fine, but the arms are much too tight. I have fairly twiggy arms, but could barely get the sweater on.
Re: Shorts Pocket • Depending upon the type of Cell Phone Case that is on the cell phone: • It can take a little extra seconds to place the cell phone in the pockets of the shorts Re: Size: • I thought they were a bit snug. Re: Recommendation • Order 1 size up Re: Would I order again • Not sure • Pocket convenience: Yes • Size wise and comfort: Not sure Re: Rating • For the Long Pocket that fits a cell phone
Need to order 1 size larger
i purchase these socks for a gift i ordered the size indicated i was so disappointed the sizing was to small but the quality was good and they were to pertty
Really not a large as a standard beret
The seaming on the side came apart. There are loopholes in the back that broke off as well. I could not return it as i was late with the return window. Definitely cute but only for a one night thing. Cheaply made.
I really wanted this dress to work, but the bunching in the lower back area is really strange and not flattering at all. I'm 5'7” and 120lb and this dress was too large in the waist. I feel like this dress might be better suited for maternity clothing.
I followed the size chart listed in the sellers pictures as I know the Amazon size chart link is just for general American sizing and the sellers sizing is often correct. When I received the product after following the sellers size chart, the shape wear was so tight I couldn't even get it past one thigh after fully stretching it out. It felt like Asian sizing not American sizing. Only reason I'm giving two stars is because the seller responded quickly with my inquiry to return the item. they don't take returns and will only offer 20% for your refund. I received just over $3 back... Please do not buy.
I must have ordered they wrong size because it's too big.
Elastic band has twisted inside.
Great logo but way too small. Almost looks like a children's apron. No returns so if you are a big guy like me 209 lb, 5'11 ft then don't buy. I was Very disappointed.
Not what i was expection! Its thin the actual belt seems strong and the color isn't red FYI
Didn't care for stitching.
Extremely large. 0-6 months won't fit my kid until he's at least 8 months to a year
Very stylish socks, but they don't last. 5 to 6 months is about all you're going to get out of these before holes start showing up. I've got some socks that are 4~5 years old and are in better shape that these socks after 5 months!
The sweater itself is very nice, but it's too short. I bought this for a recipient who has a 37" arm length. I bought him a size larger than what he normally wears because his normal size was too short on him. This big and tall is merely wide and short. Not a good fit at all. Pity because the sweater itself is quite nice.
Quality isn't as expected. Cheap plastic feeling. Looks just like the picture but quality isn't there.
Meh, it's not bad...not great either. I missed the send back date so I'll probably donate it. Fabric is normal t-shirt and the color was just like the picture, just didn't look as good as i had hoped.
Item runs very small.
So my boobs are natural and medium-sized, but wide at the base. When wearing these, I get side pucker. It's okay if the blouse I am wearing is loose fitting but these would be really odd looking if my top was thinner and tighter. Also adhesive is not as strong as it is with similar products. Even though this particular pair is the wider brand--they are still not wide enough. I feel like the best one is the one with the ties at the middle.
Runs very small, move up 2 sizes!! they look long, but shrank up when I put them on, also the hemline stitching doesn't stretch and snapped as soon as I tried to put my arms in it, the best thing about them are the colors, was really looking forward to wearing these with a vest for cooler fall temps.
Received the wrong item
Material very flimsy. Expected a better quality of material in a sauna garment. Must say I was disappointed in what I received.
The T Shirt itself is good but the print job is horrible. I am attaching the pics. You can see how the color is bleeding right out of the box. Imagine if I wash it once. Look at the smudges around the corner. The 2 stars are for the fabric itself. Do not waste your money.
These are super cute but sizing is VERY inconsistent from pair to pair. The fit of three were ok...not great but good enough while the third pair fit my TODDLER. Honestly it might be cheaper to buy a pair of tights and make your own socks from them... you would at least know that they fit.
Their pull on leggings, I love. These look odd and hit me at the wrong spot on my calves. 5'4" tall..
This item is so small. I ordered a large and it fit my 12 YO daughter. She wanted it so that's the only reason why I'm not returning it.
So it has an elastic collar it is not a perfect 15.5 or 16 the top button is on an elastic string... IF your ok with it then its perfect.
Not 100% free returns they don't give you all your money back. I ordered a few dresses with different prints and planned on returning the ones I didn't pick. Free returns right?! The dresses were never worn. But I was shorted on my refund with no explanation.
Linen was much too flimsy. Waistband was too much. Tight fit.
I was surprised at the color. It's not grayish green. More like a slim green. I'm only going to use it in the house as a house dress. It's fine
While the print looked great and looks just like the picture, it is at least two sizes too small and the fabric is very thin. maybe just for a windy day but not a cold day.
Came from China and is China sizes. Which I would have known as I would have ordered two sizes bigger.
Shrank after 3 washes.
They were supposed to be black they were navy blue
I don't where underwear with someone other guys name on it,
I typically wear an 8 - 8.5 in womens shoes and these fit pretty much as expected however they do not stay on at all. I bought the set with the little red heart on them. I took 2 steps in them and they were already sliding off the heels. Total bummer, returning them immediately.
I wear a medium US, got a large in these according to the measurement chart, the seams have no give and where uncomfortably tight. I would have needed and XXL most likely to feel comfortable. Too bad because the style would have been nice otherwise. from China so they are not possible to return. The company did give me partial money back credit which was nice, that is why the extra star.
Very cheaply made. The hardware parts are made of low quality and quite thin metal.that are also ill-fitting. More suitable as Cosplay or Halloween costume use than for daily wear. Looks like I have a new strap to keep my sleeping bag rolled up with.
The shirts are comfortable, but they sent the wrong colors. I really liked the colors in the picture, but the ones they sent are almost ugly.
The picture is deceiving, it shows a muted more faded red and the shirt I received is a really deep intense red, my husband refused to wear this shirt. I think it should be ok for kids but not for adults.
Been using this on a daily basis while working out but it suddenly lost elasticity and no longer fits snug
Cozy fabric but huge sizing. 0-3 month size was more so a 9-12 month.
The hat did not fit my head. Looked weird. Also the logo wasn't horizontal
The material is sweatshirt material and has no give. Some reviews called it a knit which it isn't. I wear a small but purchased a large given the reviews and it is still too snug to wear in public. I will keep it to wear after I workout at home, not the reason why I purchased it.
This shirt is see-through and very inflexible
I really like the socks, they are comfortable and colorful. The BIGGEST disappointment was that they are NOT wool. They are NOT WINTER socks. They are summer cotton socks. I am not disappointed in the the wear and comfort. However, I expected wool socks, which they are not. The description really needs to be corrected.
It's a decent belt for the price but it wouldn't of lasted long so I had to actually spend the 35$ on an embroidered leather one . I wouldn't bother buying it , if you're into a decent belt at least.
It is a very cute design, but the material is thin and see through. I bought two one dark colored and one light, they were both see thru. I returned them
Definitely not the color I wanted. I wanted hot pink as advertised. This is more of a magenta color. I'm sure it will be nice but definitely not the color I wanted or ordered.
Very very small for xl youth. It may fit a 10 year old
The gloves are super cute and silky. I bought them for my grandmother, she had 1960s birthday party. When I got the gloves, it would only fit a little girl. It was so small, had to return it. It didnt even fit my 21 year old sister, and she is 90 lbs... skinny hands.
Ordered the shirts and expecting a 2xl. They say 2xl but fit bout a large. Still good quality but gonna return or give away
This is a very poor excuse for a Bola. The lanyard is a tight metal weave and is nice looking but the tips were not glued on straight. The Bola emblem was a plastic design about the size of a half-dollar coin, (if you remember what they look like!!) that still had the pin clip stuck on the back. It wasn't even glued to the Bola slide. I wouldn't recommend it.
Fit is totally off. the bottom half of the dress fits ok, the top is just, made strangely I guess. Certainly way too big. Probably would have been nice if it would fit. Who knows
I normally wear a 12/14 and I ordered a XL for plenty of room for a bathing suit and it was entirely too small. Disappointing!
I was disappointed that these were not tube socks. Tube socks have no heel. They are nice enough socks, just not what I wanted.
The seams are a little uneven in the shoulders making is sit pointed instead of lay flat and contour. Like they are meant to have should pads. But it will do. It's soft and not itchy, so that's nice.
I like the style, but not long enough. Purchased a large, B/C cup... doesn't cover me if I raise my arms up.
I returned this item originally because it was too small and got another hoping it would be better. Once I tried on the second order I realized the only part that got bigger was the leg holes causing it to basically show your entire butt. I honestly wish this bathing suit was cut differently because it is a nice quality.
Very cute but did not like material.
The shirt was much bigger that anticipated.
Too small , won't buy again
The bottom edge around skirt of swimsuit is just cut. It has not been hemmed. It looks like it would fray pretty easy so I returned it.
Wasn't what I expected. returned it
Cute and comfortable. But skip, I would pay a little more for a better quality band. I've only had it for a a week or two and it's already peeling. Super bummed.
Was not impressed with this product have purchased it online before through eBay second hand, and the quality was exceptional alot of stretch and sick enough for warmth or even if it's hot weather it will not allow you to be too hot it's just perfect but on here I purchased it hoping that I would receive similar quality it was a lot thinner and rolled down on my belly as I walked I did not like it so I sent it back especially for what I paid I was very disappointed.
Cheaply made, and they make the return process very difficult.
This item does not follow the actual size chart and runs very small. I am 5 10 and the large was way to small. The straps are not adjustable and the material is very thin and cheap. You get what you pay for.
Nice but over priced for the quality of material.
Larger than expected. It looks frumpy.
I read the other reviews before purchasing this shirt, but unlike everyone else, I received an inferior product. I wear a medium in nearly every shirt I own, so I ordered a medium in this shirt as well, and based on the reviews I read, I expected it to be a bit flowy at the bottom, but it wasn't. The shirt was tight everywhere, except at the criss-cross of the strings - which were very loose and one strand was twisted (see pictures). The bottom does hang lower than most T-shirts, which I liked, but overall this was a disappointment and will be returned.
I purchased two pairs of these joggers about two months ago. I really like the way that they feel/fit, however a hole formed at the waste seam in one (see photo). I don't exercise in these joggers, and use them to sit around the house or go around the city on weekends/afternoons. The other pair has been fine so far, but I liked the ruined pair's color and fit more. This is really unfortunate as I was hoping to buy another pair in another color. There was a contact E-mail on the tag so one can contact for any issues, but no one has responded.
Great minimalist design, but always difficult to get the cards out.
Bra fits good around my body. Cup size is small, and there is no lift of the breast.
The padding came out after about 2 washes which I should have expected. They were a little on the small size and ended up looking weird. Spend the extra money and get some better quality bras.
My son has just started wearing 6 month clothing, most of which is still baggy. I put on his walking dead onesie which was ordered in a 6 month size and it is very tight and fits more like a 3 month onesie. I'm extremely disappointed because spent the money on it and he won't even be able to wear it.
Color was beautiful. But it was too small.
Runs very small. I ordered xtra large and it is very short and does not fit me well. I wear a size twelve but ordered xtra large in case of shrinkage — I'll be returning this shirt
These run SMALL. That's all I can say.
The chest did not fit. Not enough coverage. Definitely too small while loose in other areas.
They look nice and my son loves superman but the reason I give it 2 stars because after the first wash they shrunk tremendously and can't even wear them now. I already ordered a size up when I purchased these but I think I would been better off ordering 2 sizes up.
Very cute dress. I wish it would've been longer. I'm 5'8", size M, and was hoping to wear this dress to work but it's way too short for me to feel comfortable in it. It would work better if I were about 5 inches shorter. Returned it.
Just okay small fit nothing to hold it on when the wind blows. Wouldn't buy again, it doesn't fit my needs
Cheap pants had a hole in them within a week of having them.
To big poor quality material...
The heading says "Adult" suspenders. They must have meant an adult who was 3 foot tall or shorter. I'm not a big guy but I'm not a shorty either and these scrunched down so tight on me I looked like the hunchback of Notre Dame when I finally got them unlatched. These are a stretchy material too, they failed to mention that in the description. So if you're looking for the professional cloth suspenders, these ain't them. If I had known these suspenders were both stretchy AND made to fit a young woman, I wouldn't have purchased.
The insides of the fingers have too much fabric which makes them hard to wear. The thumb has a weird shape and is much longer than a thumb should be. The gloves don't keep your hands warm. The only thing good about them is that they look nice. But other than that, they are useless.
Runs too small I usually wear L and the XL is looks like meduim
Very dissatisfied with the fit. Would not recommended buying.
I bought these for use after open heart surgery in January. They were super comfortable and fit great! However, both zippers have broken with less than 3 months of light wear.
It's too big and not as cozy as I hoped. The string on the inseams is coming out. I'm not happy with the quality and size. I'm 5'2” and 116 pounds.
Not oversized at all. Way too small
The first time I bought these a year ago, they were amazing lasted up to a year, the second purchase recently total junk, husband had holes in them within a month. Disappointed that the quality changed so drastically within a year
The snap doesn't hold well. But aside frome that, the quality is good.
I had been wearing Hanes briefs for years. Like other reviewers have stated, Hanes quality has recently gone down. I figured I would give these briefs a try since they had so many positive reviews. When I opened the package, the fabric felt divine. I took off the tags and washed all of the briefs. The first day of wearing them can only be described as wedgie city. As soon as I started walking, they would ride up. If I bent over, they would go even further up. Throughout the day, I continually had to pull them out of my ###. I couldn't wait to get home from work and get these off and go back to cotton. I contacted the company and explained my situation. They stated that since I used a pair and washed all of the others, they could not resell them. They offered me a 30% refund. I took their offer but I am not sure if this is a fair deal. On one hand, they are a small company and are not in business to lose money. On the other hand, on the selling page, they state the following: "Smart No-wedgie Design Improved One-piece clean cut overall enables the ultimate underwear being no wedgies in the back to avoid embarrassed adjustment." If they are stating that they have a no wedgie design, and I got a wedgie as do many other reviewers (just look at the 1 and 2 star reviews), the product description is not accurate. Update: The company contacted me and offered a free package of bamboo underwear with another cut. When I declined their offer, the offered me a free package with another fabric. I declined their second offer as well, but I appreciated their efforts.
Disappointed the bottom isn't pleated like the picture shows.
Not happy with quality of the shirt. The color is not a rich red like displayed on the site. Very disappointed
After a few weeks use, one of the key holders disconnected from the case. I almost lost my house key. I have bought so many key holders and key chains. I was so disgusted I made a key chain from an old Christmas tree ornament. Free, too!
Not great, but ok to use around the house. Wish they had a firmer feel to them. Not ideal if you are looking for tighter tummy control - there really is none. Pocket in side is SMALL. Will not hold my iPhone 8plus.
The pants ran small.
This dress is really cute, soft and fits great. However, once I washed it the seams started to unravel.
It is definitely not high rise and it'll fold down. Disappointing.
the lace is hanging when putting it on
Pretty fabric, but it is supposed to fit any body type! Not at all true! The top is skimpy to say the least! Omg! I have an hourglass shape and it looked terrible. So disappointed!
I wanted to love this hat, but the white stitching was a little crooked and was distracting. While I thought the hat was cute, I couldn't help but constantly notice the crookedness and felt like I'd be self-conscious wearing it. I sent it back.
This beanie does not fit an 11-year-old. Way too small!
To large for me but liked the colors and pricing will give them as gifts to friends
Arrived amazingly fast, HOWEVER it was packed in a very flat box and it is misshaped. I'm hoping it returns to the shape it should be, but I'm doubting that it will.
i have bought these shirts 3x. they used to be nice and soft. the material of 2 of my latest 4-pack feels very cheap, and i did not get the blue shirt pictured. i got a medium grey instead. what happened?
Really pretty color and design, but lower quality. You get what you pay for.
This is the itchiest sweater i have ever experienced. It penetrates whatever fabric is under it and gets at your skin with its itchy fibers. I've tried a half dozen DIY ways to soften fabric (soaking it in conditioner, in vinegar, washing it at all different temps, drying it, not drying it) and it remains the itchiest thing I've ever worn in my life. 2 stars because if you need to get a gift for someone you dislike but has to appear to be a nice one, this would be PERFECT.
Buckle breaks to easy.
Entirely too large despite following sizing instructions. Not for me, but may work for someone who is more endowed up top.
Extremely baggy in the belly area. I have to return them.
Well made but way to big. I can use it as a hat if I need to run out but I made this purchase to sleep in, it doesn't stay on. I have a TWA so there's no reason for the slipping.
The item came ripped and non wearable. Returning for my money back.
Did not like it in person as well as the picture. Fabric is weird - like a bathing suit.
Strap CONSTANTLY came a loose. Both straps would alternate needing to be readjusted. Unfortunately it became more constant AFTER I left the boat in the Bahamas. I had high hopes for this one.
Cute, put small and did not realize the writing on the tag, front of the box and bottom of the box was written in Chinese. Just not what I was expecting and was giving as a gift.
The scrunchie is nice.You get good volume with it But the cap is cheap! Really CHEAP
I felt this ran small. It also wasn't thick enough fabric to lay nicely or seem high quality.
Wrinkles entirely too easy. I'm not super picky but when they wrinkle this easy,it drive me nuts.
It was awful. I got it bc the reviews were mostly good. The pads were super sticky at first, then an hr in, started peeling. There was no structure and the cups were just so untrustworthy. I ended up having to change my whole outfit bc u was afraid of a no slip at my son's graduation party. No bueno. I wasted the money bc it is in the trash. I'm super bummed.
Came with a hole in the armpit
The quality of this belt is not the best. You get what you pay for. Since this size belt is difficult to find in a store, I had to find online. It's frustrating.
Washed before wearing, and they shrink. Just did not care for the fit at all.
I ordered the 4xl. It's what a wear in everything and it is just way too small
There is almost no stretch to these... and the slightest tention while pulling them on...cause 2 pairs to rip so far. It's very annoying...
The return policy is horrible. Do not buy.
The description says 0-3 years, but what they really mean is 3 years. Much larger than expected. The colors are great and the quality seem nice.
This dress is kinda cute, but just doesn't fit right. The waist is really big and so it just doesn't fit great. Maybe with a big belt, it would be better...
They ran smaller than cup size and doesn't stay sticky
I followed the sizing chart and the shirt still came too small and very snug to the body. I had sized up just in case and got an XL. Sad I didn't get to wear on 4th of July and will be returning.
I received a dress that is a different style.
I like the style but the material is rough and itchy. I will have to wear a regular cotton long sleeve underneath this sweater.
Seemed too thick for skiing, so purchased another pair. Never worn. Might be good for snowboarding, or another winter sport.
Too small!! It says 36 size but it is a real 32
Does not fit around to both ears unless I wear them behind my head above neckline
Not a good value. Once unpacked, before even trying it on, I knew it was of very poor quality. It did fit, not too tight, not too loose, but it's very ill-fitting. It's not flattering. I don't think it would be flattering on most body types. It just looks cheap on, like your grandma made it for you on her sewing machine the night before from old curtains she found.
I just wanted a cheap pair of ripped jeans for summer and that's pretty much what I got. Don't buy these expecting them to last through frequent washes or heavy wear and tear though. Mine have been through ONE WASH and they're already splitting at the seam.
I bought these shirts along with another brand, these are tight, the other fits just right. After washing, I doubt these will fit at all. The cotton is nice though.
Not what I hoped. May wear them come winter, but not made as well as I had hoped.
It has scratches on it, did not arrived as it looks in the picture posted here.. 2 small ones on the front and a big one on the back
Great size and warm. Buttons lost leather covering or fell off completely leaving holes in glove.
I ordered this expecting it to be a dress, at least going to the knee. No, this is a shirt.
The socks are nice, but the wrong package was sent. I ordered a four pack of mixed colors and received a four pack of the same color. I really only bought this brand due to the different colors offered, but I am willing to keep them as is because it is really cold and I need new socks now.
This product looks like it works great, don't get me wrong, but as soon as I opened it I noticed one of the seams was coming undone. Luckily, I have a sewing machine already set up and was able to sew it up before more damage could be done, which is easier than returning it, but anyone who doesn't sew would either have to return it, junk it, or have someone else fix it. This is also one of those things that once baby comes, you have to wear it pretty religiously so sending it back would be even more of a pain. I looked all over and didn't find anything else wrong, but I'm going to keep an eye on it when I have to start using it in a month.
These jeans are very cheaply made and the front pockets are 1/3 of the size of a normal front pocket. I'll be surprised if I get 6 months of normal wear out of these jeans. Extremely disappointing for Levis brand jeans.
Bunches up in the butt and I felt sweaty the whole time
I did make it work though, with the black robe and black shoes it look great. But, I didn't like the crisscross strap in the back, I think It could fit better and they seem to run smaller than the normal size. I bought a large and I feel light a small.
First of all I really bought these pants because I thought they were a great price but the quality it's not worth it. They don't feel like workout pants, more like costume material and the band around the waist is horrible. It's the type that squeezes in all the wrong places. Don't recommend if you need regular workout pants that are reliable.
Not very adjustable. Kind od cheesy for the price. Speed of delivery was awesome 😊
Ordered the Python print and the picture makes it look like the sliver/ black print. Instead it's the cream/ brown/ black Python print. I was disappointed.
Fit was very narrow and the material is super stiff like men's jeans.
The sizing is completely off. I ordered a size medium for my daughter who wears a size medium shirt from any store. This shirt was way too big for her. Disappointed
Very cute but it took almost a week longer than it should of to get here (I was using prime) and didn't have the ribbon with it.
I ended up returning this shirt.. was completely see thru, very thin and very cheap material!
This was an amazing shirt and i loved it but it ripped in the first wash
`One of the wallets (the FIRST ONE, YES 1ST ONE) came with one of the slots ripped away from the wallet. So I sent it back. The 2nd one came and once you put in your cc in it, the latch does not hold firmly. I am not that rough w/my items, but I need to feel secure that important cc's, DL and other items will not fall out due to the latch springing open. Have since returned this one completely and am getting a different wallet from a different company.
These are really small & right.
The color/quality of this item is fine. The waist is true, but everything else is enormous. The legs are huge, the opening at the ankle is more like a bell-bottom. There is no contemporary style - they're just BIG
Cute skirt but tiny, so small that I give it my average sized 6 year old daughter.
My son asked for this shirt for Christmas, but the letters faded the first time I washed it, and I washed it on cold water!
If something could possibly be too small and too large then this is it
Actual slip has far less volume than what is pictured, even when completely fluffed out. Once a heavy skirt is put over the top, it will definitely not retain what volume is has. Also, my model is 60" tall and it barely is floor length. My taller model won't be able to use this at all, as it will make that awful "fall off" look where the skirt being worn is significantly longer than the crinoline underneath. All in all I'm quite disappointed with this product.
I read all the reviews before I bought these so was looking forward to getting them. Once they arrived it was super hard to undo the top button and they fit poorly for me. Waist was too tight and legs way too tight. Returned them
This product does not fit as expected. The side of the top has too much fabric and angles upward, which limits support in the chest.
Supet thin material; it won't last several wash. It runs small too and made for geico-like skinny person.
What I am most disappointed about with these socks is that they don't stay up. They keep falling under my heels and need to be readjusted and pulled up.
Somewhat large and had to return
Similar to the picture but they definitly are not the same when you get them. There's no pockets or strings. Little things but when you're expecting one thing it's disappointing.
I am always on the look out for low profile socks that will not slip off of my heel. These are not those socks. Another disappointment. If you don't care about that, they are comfy and low profile. They wash well.
I order the dark denim and was sent the light color. I was going to keep them but they won't even fasten, the whole to put the botton in, was too small they didn't leave enought room to fasten the paint. will return,
I can usually wear a medium. I ordered LG/XLG and it still to snug
Poor cuality. Poorly made. Sleeves can't be folded out because the messy seams become exposed. It also has a very wide collar.
I ordered an XL in these shirts - and they are sized more like Smalls - i literally had to squeeze back out of it. So these are not true to size. I usually order myself mediums or larges - and ordered an XL so it would be looser - if that gives you an idea of how small these shirts run.
Loved the shirt it runs way small my husband wears a lg we bought Xl and can barely button it😕
The bottoms was fine, the top was too big. I'm a 18 in clothing.
I have a very similar product and figured these were the same. They fit great, as expected, but they are so noisy when I walk! The whole point of them is to keep my thighs from rubbing and these announce to the whole world that my thighs are rubbing. I couldn't stand to wear them outside of the house, so I changed my outfit. And now because I have washed and worn them, I can't return them. Though they feel like a defective product! So frustrated.
Shorts much smaller than top as if sizes were mismatched. Quality good.
They ride up when I walk/run. They're not what I was entirely expecting but okay.
No bust support at all if you're a C cup or above. Enough said.
These are super cute but SO UNCOMFORTABLE. Added an insole for foot & arch support, and heel cushions, AND moleskin around the insides to prevent rubbing and they're just awful. Could have spent the same amount on a pair of true converse and been better off. Would return but I've done too much to them at this point that I'm just considering it an all-around loss.
I was disappointed when I received this blouse. It does not come in the pretty color it shows in the photo but a bright neon yellow.
I like the design, but the fabric on the back of the credit card holder has already broken after one month or so. I am not sure how long it can last before totally falling apart. The credit card is not supposed to be seen from the inside.
Very cute pattern and fits fine. However the fabric smelled intensely of chemicals when it was opened and I had to wash it TWICE before I felt comfortable putting it on my baby. For organic fabric, it really didn't smell pure and fresh!
The measurements seem all over the place! Too big here, not looking enough there. Is it an oversized shirt or an undersized dress? Wish it would stay on my shoulder.
Tiny size! Lined ... heavy ... not mentioned
Nice pants for under $20 bucks, however size chart is not accurate. Run excessively small.
I've ordered the pink waist trainer ina medium, it got to big so i ordered the black in a small. I will say that it is nothing like my pink one, this one won't stay down. Just rolls up. Total waste of money . Won't be buying these luxe health waist trainers anymore.
This was a cute cardigan. I ordered a Medium hoping for a slightly oversized fit. It was really large in the shoulders ( I have broad shoulders) but fit as expected everywhere else. It was heavy and would be cozy but mine arrived with many pulls/snags in the fabric. Just didn't seem worth the price.
It is smaller than the scale reported in the announcement
I read the reviews and used those as a base to place my order yeah, I'll have to go up a size or 2 , and give these to daughter.
Size up on this one! Fits very slim!!! The design is nice and is very soft, but will have to loose some weight before I can wear it.
Poor quality, uneven stitching and front of Tshirts, where prints fall, feels like plastic (it would be rough on child's skin); coloring was also poor, some damage/spots on the prints.
Toe seam proves uncomfortable after a few miles.
Fabric feels nice, however could not get a simple stain out of it. Tried everything. Would not recommend if you have the slightest chance of getting it dirty
my friend is 36DD and bust was too small for her
This jacket had the fringes which seemed teally cheap looking.
The scorpion is cool but I'm disappointed that the buckle has a lot more gold on it than the picture. The pictures look darker with little hints of gold but the buckle we recieved is bright shiny gold..
The stockings came in all different sizes in one pack. Very difficult to match up lengths. I ended up with two left over that were two different sizes. I would never buy these again and would not recommend. Cheap crap from China.
It fit my 16yr old perfectly... she's 5'9" and 135 lbs...and I ordered a Large!
I ordered a X-Large because from reading other comments it makes it seem like it would fit my size. I wear a size 38DD bra and the top is too small. I also weigh 195lbs and the bottoms are a little loose. The size chart that comes with it has nothing to do with the size of the garments from my purchase.
This shirt it's to heavy & big I sent an email to the company & never got a response to send it back for a refund I will never order from them again
They stick really well. I pulled them off and on 100 times trying to get some kind of natural shape. I have cup size b and I've had 2 kids so there's some sag going on. I could not get them to feel or look right at all. Waste of money.
These are smaller than expected. I'm 5'2 145lbs. I wanted that oversized comfy feel but they are tighter than what I wanted.
I like the detailing on it. But it's a little to small for my teenage boys to use in the play at church. To late to return for another.
My grandson spent his allowance getting this shirt, I was against it from the start since it was so expensive. I wish now I would have listened to my instincts. For the price I would have expected at least a good quality t shirt but instead it's thin low end quality material. Don't waist your money unless you don't care about quality.
Too large (bought the small, I am a 5'4" 107 lbs) and not flattering. Fringe fell off
I washed it when it arrived. It has no wash or dry instructions included. The flowers at the bottom are like a screen print, which I didn't realize, or I would not have put in the dryer! The flowers all stuck together in the dryer so when I pulled them apart it ripped and peeled the flowers apart. I'm still wearing it because I think it's pretty, but that disappointed me.
Its ok....but i should have paid a little more and got real leather
Order one size larger than you typically wear
This hoodie is so cute and soft on the outside, but I can't rate it well because, sadly, it is scratchy on the inside! It is not even close to as soft as it is on the outside, and I thought the material was so uncomfortable on the inside that I'm returning it. Literally, what is the point of having the soft part be on the outside but not the inside too?! There are many other options out there that are soft on the inside as well, despite how cute this design looks on the outside
Doesn't hold you very well
Way too big, these run very very large! I can tell I would love these but they are way too big to wear without falling down. Dissapointed. I bought another pair of 90 degree pants and based on reviewers size description I should wear a medium but those are too large also. I am 5'5" 130 but i must be lean or something because these fit me like a large. I have contacted the seller and so far no response, so I am disappointed in the customer service. I have started the return process.
I wanted this to work! It fit everywhere, but the button gapped open. I am a 40D. The next size up would have been too big everywhere else. But super cute dress! Well made, buttons are functional.
The seams between fabrics were pretty puckered. And the striped fabric was crooked.
Love the shirt, only downfall is in the description. They say it is machine washable, but on the tag it says dry clean
It did not look like or fit as the picture showed. The suit had very large breast pads and was too big there but fit perfect every where else.
Normally i love levis but these were literally 2 sizes too small in the color black i have 2 other blue pairs that fit perfect but these black ones sucked
The zipper was very small. I had a hard time zipping up and down. Returned the item.
Shirt is short..not a crop top but definitely not for any1 over size "typical" lrg. Ordered the 3xl and it fits my mother who is a med.
not for heavy women over 350,
Not at all the item described. Large long poncho-like, lace cotton. Comfortable so I probably won't return it, but disappointed at the incorrect item. Only correct aspect was the color.
The costume itself fit right, but for some reason the black arm cuffs on the sleeves were ridiculously tight/small. I ordered a size small, and my arms aren't thick or muscular, so it seems like a flaw in the design. Couldn't even get my arms all the way in the sleeve because of this.
Nice bracelet but watch for chaffing. My son ended up with an Indian burn like sore on his arm from sweating under the bracelet and it rubbing.
Don't know if I knew how to use them, but they did not work for me.
It's more a beach or house dress than something else.
I like these at first. Then they started irritating my skin. Where it was would itch and I ended up with blisters on my shoulder from it. I'm not sure if it's the material or what, but I can't wear these anymore. I'll have to look for a cloth bra strap pad.
Really short didn't like it
I bought these less than three months ago and they fit well, the material seemed nice and sturdy, and decently airy. I was pleased with them until today when I noticed a hole forming near my butt. It wasn't even coming apart at a seam, these aren't a tight fit on me, and I haven't worn these that much since I only bought them recently. Pretty disappointed and probably won't be buying again from this company.
It doesn't look like the modern day Iron Man. I'm not happy with it at all
I have a mixed feeling about this product. The bottom is very nice and fits me perfectly but the top is a bit weird around the chest area. I don't think this is made for people with busty chest. I feel I will have to constantly pull the top down and push my breast up.
This shirt pilled terribly while wearing it the first time.
Does not fit well, saggy at the crotch, horrible material. Not good if you have a pet, it's a magnet for pet hair. Ended up in the thrift shop giveaway bag.
Definitely not a sports bra. Its more of a sleepwear. I'm 36C and I took XL. Its very loose and very less support. Would not recommend
I order a gray and got a rose color. It runs large in a ll respects.
It does fit big like the other reviews said. This is becuase the fabric is way too flexible. It should not have so much give. The bones are too flexible and don't hold the shape of the trainer as it should. It doesn't see to make you sweat like neoprene trainers and the zipper doesn't look flat under the bodycon dress I tried it with so this is a belt for going to the gym at best. I will keep it for that purpose.
We sent me a small underwear. I would like to get another one. I wear M underwear and L.
I was very excited about this skirt... but when I received, I hated almost everything about it. Pros: love the embroidery on it! Cons: low quality, paper thin fabric. No lining so it is very itchy
Did not work for me, even though it says A/B and I'm a B, this is more for a very small A size. Bummer, the look was really nice.
Storing my sunglasses was fine, but the inner material left smudging all over my clear lenses.
The socks are ok for regular shoes but I wear boots and they are not very padded or thick. I wear two pair to get extra padding. I have dickies boot socks and they are padded and thick, I was hoping these would be like that from the reviews. Good seller shipped quick.
Thin, not so impressive stitching. It was ok, not great.
Material was soft but wasn't expecting it to be so clingy and tight after reading other reviews. Maybe it's me but I like my pajamas more loose fitting.
I've had this belt for about 2 months. When I recieved it I cut it to length like instructed. Not too long after starting to wear it I noticed little strands coming off that would run down the length of the belt when you tried to peel them off. My black leather belt does not do this. I would not buy this again.
Nice except too small. TINY! And no i didn't wash them yet. They didn't shrink. I got size 6-12m for my 4mo old, 14 pound baby. I have to stretch them to get the heel onto her heel, and pull them back up many times a day. Dissapointing. Fruit of the Loom used to have reliable quality. They have now lost my business.
They shrunk to baby socks
Cute design but the torso is ridiculously short. I have a very short torso and it couldn't even put the halter part over my head.
fit was slightly loose, material felt a bit cheap and rough. Quite thin.
This robe is great other than the fact it didn't come with a tie for around the waist. Maybe mine was just a fluke. Now my husband walks around with his new robe and his old tie from his last robe and looks silly.
Too small hated the material
Strangely this shirt is not like the other Grunt Style shirts. It doesn't seem fitted. It's shorter, wider, and has huge arms. It's just like any other shirt made for the average fat guy. Didn't work for me. Was expecting an athletic fit like all grunt style shirts usually have.
These are probably amazing socks but just not what I was looking for. The pictures on Amazon and also in the reviews showed socks that were longer than this crew version. I was looking for a thin black cotton sock which is 7 or 8 inches above the ankle, not shortie socks that are only 3 inches above. The longer ones are very difficult to find as I recently noted at Walmart and Amazon. Lots of peds and crews but not many regular socks that extend onto the leg a ways. Not knee high, just something in between. I loved that these were 80% cotton though which is also a rarity these days. Thank you and I will keep looking.
I found this shirt to fit very loosely. I am 5' 10" and i ordered a medium. It was very thin material and the button holes seemed very poorly sewn. I returned it immediately. I went with the Dickies brand which was 2 dollars cheaper and way better quality. Oh and it had a strong color die smell.
I bought these to use on my 4 month old because she's a messy drinker. Still not waterproof enough. Her Clothes are still wet underneath.
I loved these at first. They were comfy and fit well. Then, after about 3 months of use and a little bit of washing, the cloth along the middle started peeling off. That was disappointing after such little use. They should be better lasting.
Material catches dog hair and is hard to get off.
I ordered a XL it looks more like a small!!
Cute. But definitely NOT made for tall women... Estimated inseam ~ 30
After the first wash the socks looks 100 years old. I would not recommend these.
The shirt is cute but the elastic scrunch is too loose to keep it where it belongs.
this item is made sizes to small
Somewhat see through
Wanted to like this dress. I liked the material. My husband said it made me look huge so it's going back.
Elastic loop keep falling off from the button. Poor design .
the size recomened to me is to small and the costume its self is itchy
I returned the item - sizing runs very small - they refund and shippin was quick
They look good but the frame broke in less than 3 months.
Pretty, but not cottony as expected..more lacy and stretchy. It is also quite long.
To tight across the chest
Bought for my son. He's two and they'll fit him in about 5 years!
I love these pants, but they started coming until stitched after a few wears and washes .
Did not like that there were seems that showed on the front and back . These seems did not show in the picture and this was the one thing I liked
One size does not fit all. I have a larger head - 7 and 7/8 - and even though it has Velcro it was too small. So for a regular size head it's ok.
The silk liners is very nice however the cap slips off all the time
It is shorter than I expected . I like the colors. I was hoping that it would look more like a cover up and less like a scarf. I am going to try and make it work.
It is a great item and fits well. Love the buttons!
I ordered XL, and I am a 36D. It fits okay, but smaller than I expected in the arm/shoulder area. The material feels very cheap, and it is not comfortable or soft at all like I expected. The seams also feel cheap and not very well-made like they will rip easily. Overall, the product is not worth the price, and I ended up returning it.
Cheaply made. One zipper broke immediately.
Love it. But the strap broke and I haven't had it for long
Unfortunately, I had to return this item because it was too big and the fabric was not the same as 2 others made like this one was. I hope to find a white one like the blue and red ones that I already have.
This product is made for a small petite woman. The shape didn't even go all the way to the top like advertised. It barely pulled anything in since my clothes fit the same as they did before. The material is nice but the shape was pinching me in my sides so I couldn't wear it but for 5 minutes after picking it up from Whole Foods Amazon locker. I was so hoping this fit properly but oh well. Guess I got my hopes up for nothing.
Disappointing. I thought these would be uber comfortable... not really
It was too small and the collar is yellowish
Great before I washed them and dryed them!!! After taking them out of the dryer they were the size of a baby sock and didn't fit anymore picture is after the wash sad that this happened
Fits well. I have only worn the sweatshirt four times and it's pulling apart at the left side seam. I guess you get what you pay for. I bought these previously and never had a problem..
Got it in Medium size. The cup fit me right, but the bottom part was too high and was digging in my breast. Besides the material looked lighter in the photos, than it actually is (pretty thick to my liking). I didn't fill comfortable in it.
Good Quality however definitely a 3 to 6 month outfit not a new born but very cute though
The style is nice but this sling bag is way small. It really is meant for kids. That why 2 stars.
This shirt does not run small. I am usually a large and I ordered the XL that was supposed to be a large and it is pretty big.
Socks are larger than other Gold Toe socks. I wear a size 10 shoe and they are too large.
Not sure how warm these are but the XL size is fairly snug on my bairly xl hands. The liner is also not attached to the fingers. If you aren't careful taking them off the liner will pull out of the shell. Based on this I would not get them again.
It was too small. I didn't even want to try a different size. I returned it.
Was smaller than my hand, almost the size of a key chain not worth the buy
wasn't happy with the look
I gave it two because it was very thin. The yellow color in the picture is in fact gold. I kept it because it was Christmas and got to busy to return it.
It looks good but if your a little heavy breasted it doesn't have support. I'm a DD cup and they just cover the nipple and without the lift
Runs small esp in sleeve section plus it's see through. Quality not great. Design is cute - I may have to wear with 3" tights under.
Not a shirt for me.. not everything looks good on everybody
The shoulders are pointed in a strange way. This jacket is of medium-low quality. It is good for a Halloween costume, but it definitely is not good enough to wear to work.
Cheep China made. Runs small
I was thinking these would come up my calf and be crunchy looking but they are not. Very tight if you try to pull them up, but they only come up part way up your calf. Great if you're super skinny or have infant legs
Too small the size is at least 2 sizes smaller
The inside of the jacket is different from the merchandise advertised. The checkered pattern is way defferent from what is shown to the website. The jacket is good for the price.
I was hoping to have some high knee socks that would be thick enough to pass as leggings so I could wear more dresses during my pregnancy and avoid bottoms that crush my stomach and cause me pain. While they are definitely thick, they don't stay up at all and fall within a matter of steps as far as they can.
I like the quality, but I got a size large and it's more like a small.
I purchased these because I read a few reviews saying they weren't see-through. Come to find or they ARE. They are soft and have a slight sheen to them (not a fan of that either), but they are more similar to a thicker pair of panty hose in thickness. Definitely see through. I was hoping for a thicker material I guess since I don't like showing my ass to everyone. They would work well with a long tunic or if you don't mind the see through aspect.
Product wasn't the size we ordered. Stated it was a unisex sweatshirt. Not even close very thin material
My size but a very tight fit
was not made for a man
This corset os beaitiful but way to small i would order an xl
They were lovely, but the fabric was fraying when we received them. Back to Amazon with all the other products sold on the marketplace of low quality. Such a shame.
My bra's came with a weird bleach stain on them. They aren't cute on but they work well enough.
The medium shirt is the size of an XL in any other brand. The material is also very heavy and uncomfortable to wear.
They are long, but not BIG. Good for really tall and sorta skinny
Very pretty, but very small. Disappointed
It came as seen in the picture it was really cute however they sent me a medium instead of a large so it was entirely too small
My daughter needed a black shirt and this one fits her perfectly. It even has some growing room. I love this shirt on her.
Socks are very comfortable, although it seems that with each iteration the quality decreases. They used to easily last 8-10 months, but now socks that were purchased in Oct. 2017 are already developing holes in Feb. 2018. Just guessing, but probably made in China...
The product just arrived. The fit is good. But the product looks shabby. It looked little bit old like someone worn it once. I could see dirt in the dress. The dress is see through too.
They are very soft but my baby can pull the bow right out of the loop that holds it. I'm constantly picking up bows off the floor and trying to stuff them back through that tiny loop onto the headband. Bows aren't even sewn together, they are just tied with thread in the middle. Also the loop isn't sewn to the headband so the whole thing slides around. I feel like I will need to sew them myself. This poor quality is not a surprise because they came from China.
This is a short tank top. Not long...at all.
If it is made in China it is not going to fit properly
Super cute just runs WAY TOO SMALL!
These socks are too slippery for me. As I walk in my flats my heels slip right out of my shoe. I'll be switching back to my previous socks without arch support unfortunately.
This feels just like a "tight" tank top. It didn't really support my belly, even though it was a size small and my belly is currently 36 inches it felt loose. Will return.
this is my second order of the same swimsuit. the last one lasted for about maybe 2 - 3 months use. So for that price it's not worth it. am still looking for better quality ones while use the second one i bought. 2 stars given for the size and fitting.
Hmmm, At first glance, I adored this Leggings but during day time, the level of see thru was funny. Also, the sound it makes while you walk.... Well, keeping it for costume purpose now.
Its very pretty in design, but it is sheer. Nicely packaged. Arrived on time. But when i opened it, the threads on the seams are all bad
Was too tight in the waist with the battery pack in, fit other wise, but poor stitching, the on off button with the logo wasn't even strait by a long shot...
I like the idea of the wallet. It fits 6 cards very well but being a metal case if you have too few cards then they tend to fall out. My biggest reason for giving this wallet only two stars though because it lasted 1 year and 1 day exactly. Of that 366 days I really did not use it much for the first 6 months due to a wallet cellphone case that held my 2 most used cards. The spring inside the trigger on the wallet physically broke causing the trigger to no longer snap back to its normal position. Could probably still use it and manually push it back each time but I'll just get another wallet from a different company.
Wish I had read other comments before ordering. As others have said, the suit we received has one spaghetti strap and one ruffled strap. Specifically chose the one pictured because of the more modest/little girl straps. Colors in the picture are very bold, but in real life the navy background appears faded or just gray.
Material was not what I expected. Poor quality Size was smaller.
The inserts in waist are very uncomfortable
The crutch area started to tear after the first wear
I used this costume for a Halloween party i thought it was very cute but bad quality. I only wore it one time and it got a run in the pink nylon area around the chest.
This top was more attractive in the picture than on myself. The colors were very bright in person and it fit too loose for my liking.
These are the perfect slim fit I was looking for! Fabric not as heavy as I expected and kind of low quality to be honest. They look like they are made well to get you in, but when you wear them enough you realize the material isn't gonna last. Sad to say because I really enjoy them, sadly match brand products are a hit or a miss.
I bought 2 packs and found these socks to fit well. They were very soft, with cute patterns. Unfortunately, after only 2 months the heels have worn so much as to be see-through. With 12 pairs to rotate (plus others from personal stock), it's not as if I wore them out. Unfortunately I would not recommend these or purchase in the future.
I didn't like the fabric or how clingy it was.
Update: This seller saw my comment and refunded me for the robe. They have great customer service! This robe is okay but there is way too much fluff coming off of it. When I wash and dry it, I can't put any other items in with them because the fluff gets onto everything. Even when wearing, the fluff gets all over clothes and hair. I've washed it several times but the fluff just won't go away. I have to look for another robe. What a waste of money.
NOT at ALL for women with thick hips . The sequin falls out easily and the straps look like they are from a bathing suit. You can tell it's cheap , and so can everyone else .
It was a cute outfit but the onesie was about as wide as what most 12months onesies are and I ordered a 0-3 month
It ripped in the wash while on delicate cycle. :/
Cap looks faded not happy
I am usually a 3-5 in JR jeans and a 4 in womens and a 32DD. I ordered a large based on the reviews saying it ran small especially in the chest area. However, although the cup of the bikini fit ok the straps were way to big and I could not adjust it. I think this is more for ladies with smaller chest.
Cute but too small and the top is made weird
I thought it looked cheap in person. I was also not too thrilled with the seller when I tried to return it (she wanted to bargain with me to save on shipping.) The arms were a bit tight, you need to be very thin to wear the small.
I've ready many reviews on this item. I'm 185 and 5'4 and got an xl and it's too fitted for my liking. Not sure how when I've seen others with same height but weighing 20 lbs more saying it fit great. I'm wondering if just a sizing issue
I ordered a size 2x and they fit like a regular XL. They make my pregnant boobs look gigantic and not in a cute way. I was disappointed in the fabric as it wasn't very soft, more of like a brand new crispy t-shirt material. Wouldn't suggest ordering this for those new nursing moms out there.
I like the design if the colors swapped, but the material is so thin!
Overall is ok but its doesn't have a lock for the pull handle. Always fall down when my child use it.
Quality material But did not do what I expected
The picture on this dress is attractive - the actual dress is gaudy and way too green. If you like green, it may be for you, but it does not fit the picture in terms of color. The fabric is also too gauzy and see-through.
This shirt shrinks ALOT!
Color was not red, more burgandy or crimson
Tight around the ankles from the outset and then got worse with each washing and drying, and I don't use high heat.
The lining of the dress was visible around arm hole, front and back Print of fabric looked like it was copied on fabric rather than colored threads in the fabric. I'm 5'6" and it hit above the knee.
This is a very cute swimsuit but the reason why I will be retuning it is because the stitching on the front of the swimsuit is off. It looks folded in and it doesn't sit straight in the middle. Other wise I would keep it because it's really cute and the material is great.
Pretty bamf shirt, but it was a size too small.... so y buddy is wearing it proudly!
Very small, not at all true to size with very little stretch.
The dress was super cute, and looked like the picture, but it seems like it ran a size small. If you have any sort of hips, order a size or two up. One nice thing about it though was that the skirt didn't go UP when I lifted my arms to zip it up, and that's always a good thing with shorter dresses.
The band was a bit snug and the zipper puckered out into a weird 3rd boob. I ended up returning it.
Tight. Fits like a large. The fabric doesn't stretch at all.
Cute for one party, but by the end of the night it was a tangled mess!
Was upset when I received the jacket I ordered a 2X and it fit like a larger. Had to send it back.
This gets 2 stars because I didn't get what I ordered. I wanted this tunic style top but they sent me a floral print “dress”! And because it comes from China (which I didn't realize) they asked me to accept a 50% refund and gift the item to someone who could use it! Well...... that's what I did!
Super small. Ordered XL, about a size S/M
Padding fell apart after only 3 months, washed according to instructions. Loved them before this happened, I had bought one set of 3 originally and loved how they fit so I bought another and all of the padding has just fell apart.
The material of the belt is great. However, when hooking up the holster to the belt, it seemed the metal clips were misplaced in production. One side of the holster would not connect to the belt. I had to maneuver the metal with pliers in order to connect the pieces. Unfortunately, this resulted in some of the metal coating on the belt to flake off. Once I fixed the holster and put the two pieces together, the belt looked great. Got many compliments at emerald city comic con. However, probably wouldn't order this again due to the crazy amount of work I had to put into fixing a production error.
Tighter fit than expected. First wash completely destroyed the ruffled edges, the material under the lace is much shorter than depicted. Overall disappointed.
I'm 5'8" 41 bust, neck is too large so slides off shoulders, only 1 inch overlap in front, soft material though. I'm going to try to add a black collar all the way around front to see if it'll stay on my shoulders
I am a standard size M and these are too small and dig into my hips.
I was just looking for a slightly longer 2XL t-shirt, as mine have always fit well, but shrink in length far too much after a few washes. Unfortunately, as others have said, these are clearly intended for someone tall and thin. It's a very thin 2XL, but very long, and is uncomfortably tight around the middle. Going to return it and look elsewhere, I guess, rather than risking washing it and having it shrink even more.
I don't like the material of the leather of the wallet and it seems like not original and low quality
Cute shirt but runs small and is made of cheap material. If you're looking to wear this a lot you should consider another shirt
I ended up giving it to a friend. It didn't even go on. My friend who is about 3 to 4 bra sizes smaller then me likes it but there is no way these run true to US sizing
didn't have tall size available and the standard size too small which resulted in having them pull back on shoulders,
A little big to size. Also it doesn't have any type of rubber to keep it in place, so when you sit it goes up
if it fit I would like it but nope
It is more of a square cut than a brief cut and is about 3 to 4 sizes smaller than it is listed
It's clearly meant for an a to b cup. It also fell apart and started shedding spikes everywhere pretty quickly. Nice for the one photoshoot it survived through I guess
I like the material and style, but I ordered a large and it is much too small even though it says large on the tag.
I am 5'6 and 135. I ordered medium, and It covered half of my waist and I couldn't even close it if I tried. Very disappointed. I'm gonna return it and try a large or Xlarge.
The zipper come defective
A little short and loose. I wear them as slippers
It's cute but hugs curves more than I expected
they were way to small and I got my size. I might order a few sizes up since they seem like they are really cute if they fit properly
It's big enough to fit a 6 to 8 month old and I ordered newborn size
Hate sewing but had to take the length up about 6". Have to have XLg size, so no other option. Will buy different brand next time.
The trunk is very snug while the arms are loose and extra long. The color doesn't match the accompanying swim shorts.
The snap broke on the bill...
I ordered an XL, I am typically a 38C cup. Currently 37 weeks pregnant and planning to breastfeed so I figured that would accommodate any extra growth when my milk comes in. The bra band seemed really large, even on the tightest hook and there was very little support. I was really disappointed as these are the cutest bras! I'd say if you don't need support than these would be very comfortable, and I'd also recommend sizing down.
The flowers came off and one of the unicorn sticker came off the shirt , was a waste of money
Picture shows a variety of blues, yet received a variety of greys (and no I'm not color blind), but other than that they don't have much stretch to them. They fit, but don't move with me leaving me open to potential plumber's crack and overall not very comfortable.
Only the fit cause me to return the product. The appearance was great.
I wore it in Napa for my friends bday and it looked ok in pictures, but in person, the material looked very cheap.
I purchased this suit for a special vacation, and I Love the look!! True to size, however the manufacturing Leaves a lot to be desired. I am giving this 2 stars instead of one because I really love the way this looks. I was very saddened by the inside of the suit , the one cup is way higher than the other. And both are placed incorrectly. unfortunately the material was cut around the cup, as I was truly hoping I could bring it to a seamstress and have it fixed , But without basically taking the whole thing apart and rebuilding it (which I don't have time for)there is nothing that could be done . So I will sadly be returning.
I wore it to a local Art Walk w/some cha-cha pumps and created a sensation with my deconstructed look! Upon my 2nd even, many of the cheap nylon ribbons were starting to show wear; by my 3rd, the metal had become exposed through the cheap material.
Excellent quality belt but it appears that one you have it through the pant belt loops, you're stuck with it. This is not a practical belt by any means. I own several military style belts and this one just doesn't work. I have to take the belt apart every time I want to take the belt off... stupid design or maybe I'm not using it correctly? Should be that difficult to wear a belt. I wouldn't buy this again, nor would I recommend this product to anyone else.
I bought a size up for a halloween costume and thankfully I bought a tutu to cover how see through these pants are
Stuffed the entire costume into the smallest pouch envelope possible the hat is completely crushed and wrinkled (would be a decent hat if I could get the front of the hat unwrinkled). The gloves that came with it fit an adult WAY TOO BIG for a small child. The jacket is a perfect fit for my 4 year old.
Im disappointed. I had to mend a ripped seam, also the lining was stained.
Giant even before putting them on and stretching to your size but very soft and nice.
I received my package just on time for my party unfortunately I got very disappointed since right in front of it the bone is way off
Shorts dont look like the picture and were way to small I ordered a 2x was more like a medium
Loved the shirt but very disappointed does not run true to size at all
My button broke on my pants in a matter of days... really wish I could still use them :/
Appear see through as the underside is white and not black on black. The material is not thin, it's just not black on both sides (appears top design may be a print on top of white material) so as the material stretches, the white shows making others assume the leggings are see through.
Followed the sizing recommendations. Ordered an XL for a US M fit, which was correct. However, the neck hole is way too big and looks terrible. I can't even wear the shirt comfortably with the way it looks. And wearing an undershirt doesn't help either. Not happy.
Didn't like it material is too thin
This is a beautiful dress but I've only been able to wear it twice. Although I have not washed the dress the fabric is pilling. I think that may be due to my seatbelt but I had to put the dress aside because it looks so bad. It's a pity because I like the color and fit
This socks were not heavy as the description implies. Also, ran a little on the large side.
I bought a medium & it looked like an extra large!
I'm a C cup and expected this to be very flattering. It made my boobs look saggy as the chest part was too large. The waist and bum area fit fine though. I guess this would only look great on bigger chest.
Material is not as comfortable as expected. Fit is somewhat small. Hemline at bottom looks cute but since it comes up right in the middle, the possibilities for wardrobe malfunctions are endless.
Item came broken. Had to return it. :( but it did fit to size and was really cute!!!
The material is very cheap
This bralette offered very little support. The straps were too long
Socks are too thin compared to similar socks we have
The shawl was not a big as It was advertised and works more as a scarf. It is much smaler than picture...
But it's cut like a box. Not flattering, material is cheap even at this price...
way too long. its almost tunic long
its okay. the only thing that saves it is the top. the material looks kind of dingy. almost like they used sweat pants to make it. i would not recommend unless you are shaped like the people they show. If you are too small, like me, i do not recommend.
Awful material. Did not like it.
The pants have zero stretch for when you bend down or any type of movement. They arent the comfy flannel pants they look like. I definitely wouldnt sleep in them. If you must have them because they are cute go a size up because they are definitely not for comfort.
I was excited to get my fedora. Sadly, when it arrived IN A BAG, it was crunched and wrinkled. Why wouldn't they ship this product in a box? I'd gladly pay a little extra for proper shipping. Luckily, after watching a YouTube tutorial on reshaping a hat, and 20 minutes steaming it (thank God I own a tea kettle!), I was able to get it mostly to its original shape. Once it was reshaped, I loved it. Please ship properly to your next guest for optimal satisfaction!
Product ran significantly smaller than advertised. I read other reviews, but I did not see anything about it being small. It was form-fitting not loose and flowy.
Love Carhartt product. This was a top quality hat and I wish I could have used it. I'm going on an AK fishing trip next week. It was WAY too small. I wear a 7 3/4 hat and had hope when I read a review saying it was too big for someone else, unless they wore a beanie under it. I tried it on when it came and I could barely get it on... and there is no way I could wear it for more than a minute or two. Very disappointed.
Can see through them.
It may just be I have an odd shaped body, but the shorts fit too big and the bra fit WAY too small. The shirt swims on me. Over all... I wasn't pleased with this purchase.
The shirt is very thin material. It's made in China and the material feels like something you would find at the dollar store. Not worth the money at all. It's cute but won't last more than a few wears
These leggings are made of a great material and are soft but unfortunately, the olive green pair are see-through so I can not workout in them which is why I wanted them.
I am normally a 16/18 and size XL. I'm pregnant and wanted to find some alternatives to maternity leggings so decided to just size up to a 2X to test them out. I'm still pretty early and haven't changed much in the stomach area and they were close to snug in the waistline, and the legs were oddly baggy in spots. Which never happens with me, I have pretty sturdy legs and never have issues with leggings being baggy on me. The most ridiculous part of these pants though is that they have these mesh cutouts in strange spots, like a long triangular section right on the hip that starts about mid-top of the thigh and goes clear up to the waistband. So you either need to wear black underwear with it or none at all, because it will absolutely show through.
Asian 4xl = America 2xl ... I am going to say maybe an American xl
Not right size on chest no matter what size you get, too much side boob
Neck hole way to big. Shirt is too bulky
This shirt smells bad like chemicals. I bought it as a gift but I'm still debating if I should give it since it's kind of embarrassing the smell of it. The print and the size seems okay though.
It's beautiful but runs super small like the 3x fits like a class. Very dissatisfied. :( Don't have enough time to order a new one before my baby shower.
Looks nice and the fleeced part is nice, but the arms are very strangely and cheaply lined with strange, itchy, noisy material. Fits small, too
Not as expected. Was too small and did not fit. Returned the same day I received it.
Beading fell off of the hat when it was taken out of the package.
Looks nice but runs small
Holes on the sewing after some uses
Broke out of box would not recommend
It was way too small and I ordered it two sizes up from my original size
These leggings are soooo soft and was going to order more, but noticed that they had a hole in the waisted band during first wear.
Color fades way too fast. Bought multiple styles and colors and I've worn them 3 times and they've all faded during wash. Washed with cold and hung dry. Not worth it
The fabric feels and looks great. The color is also nice and rich. But the waist band isn't smoothing and it falls on me so it creates an unwanted lump. Just not the right waistband for me, but otherwise a really good jegging.
I purchased one of these wallets Nov. 3, 2017; as of Nov. 4, 2018 one of the zippers is broken. This occurred right after a woman, whom I just met, decided she would order one for herself! Prior to this occurrence, I had received at least a half dozen compliments. And yes, I had sometimes had a difficult time with one or both zippers prior to the point it finally broke. I would like a replacement. This wallet (including zippers) should have lasted me at least 5 years since its Amazon description boasts, "Superb Craftsmanship."
It should be more tapered around the bottom to fit better. I purchased this for my 11 year old granddaughter and it fits too lose around the bottom and I got the smallest size.
Arms are longer than the legs.... fits like it was put together wrong
I had to return the first order because they were to messed up to work with. They are super cute if you can get them to work for you. I got 1 out of 3 to work in the second order. I dont have time to order something else or these would be going back also.
A little disappointed. Fits smaller then expected . The panties Have no give and runs very small
Very cute hat and glove set but did not fit my 3 year old. It fit my nephew who is 11 months old.
I wanted this for a dress I was wearing to a wedding. They're cute but look a little cheap in person.
Very well made with deep slots for credit cards.Good to have RFID security made in the wallet.No ID card pouch no problem.Wallet is a little large than the average men's wallet.But it fits comfortable in my pants pockets.
Pants are cute but huge on waist and cant be adjusted. A bit disappointing.
I have an average foot. The socks did not fit at all.
Not good quality made...
The seller contacted me regarding the missing suspenders and said they could refund me half or send a replacement if I sent a photo of the item. I emailed and sent the photo and have not heard a word since then...almost a month ago. I have now resorted to buying suspenders and DO NOT RECOMMEND this item as dealing with any problems seems to take forever.
Too big for my 4 year old daughter, I like it so I will save it for when she grows into it.
Cheaply made, have trouble getting them to stay ip and not slouch down t my hands. I tried them on twice and one of the finger loops broke. I don't have time to return them so I sewed black hair ties in place of the ribbon loops. They'll work for the amount of time I'll be wearing them but they're not fancy or very nicely made.
Look really cheap, waste of money.
More of a dress than a tunic. Not built for rapid walking.
I don't like the material and because of this I don't like the "fit"
No pockets. Open fly (no button). Don't buy. This information is not available upfront, so please read the reviews. In detail.
Leather is super rigid and thin not great quality other dickies belts I have owned were much better feeling
We thought these would be perfect, however there was not enough stretch in them.
Way too cropped, which isn't bad if that's the look you're going for.
Way short for a medium..I recommend buying a size up
did not fit me, did not like it.
I really liked the look of this scarf but my outfit was covered in lint/fuzz after the first wearing. Haven't decided if I should return or try washing. Hesitant though because there is no tag to indicate care.
Color is good and I like the faded style. There are a few ripped stitches, but it isn't a big problem. What is most upsetting is that it smells heavily of Tobacco smoke. I'm trying to air it out, but I don't have a lot of hope for it.
I'm a 38 DDD , The bras are a tad snug. Very cute but I get better support from a $5 lace bra from Walmart. My shoulders have been hurting like there's no tomorrow since I've worn it. I wouldn't recommend them if your bigger chested
The zipper quit working within a month. So disappointing since it is so cozy and comfortable.
Doesn't help make you look slimmer at all. Only reason I give it a 2 star is because it looks nice and if you select your correct size it fits fine.
I love this hat but it's stiff & stands erect which looks funny. Maybe it's a bit too tall. Absolutely love the soft lining& color & warmth of it just wish it had some flexibility to bend. Reminds me of an elf when I wear it.
Eeh just left me thinking...I should have spent more on a better glove.
Cheap, scratchy, ill fitting. I do not recommend. 2 stars bc it does resemble the photo, just don't look too closely!
The sizing is not right... The shorts are nice just way too small.
This dress is basically all spandex, but not body-con spandex, like jersey spandex. Fits super strangely, is not comfortable, and is weirdly absorbent lol. Not my favorite.
Beautiful dress but I had to order 3 and they couldn't get my size right at all!!!
The wallet almost immediately started to show significant wear. The “paint” or whatever it is has been coming off quickly leaving a wallet that looks like its 3 years old when I have only had it for a few weeks.
It fits a little weird.
I was expecting an oversized look, The product is not as expected.
The fabric these are made out of is cheap thin cotton, they are see through when you wear them.
It was really cute and I was excited but I ordered the XL and it fit like a medium or small, especially considering it's supposed to be flowy. The shorts were quite short as well. I normally wear a L or XL so I was disappointed that these were so small since many of the reviews said they fit true to size. The material was really nice. I ended up returning them because they were ultimately too small but wish they were bigger because I really liked them.
The fabric is so soft and the band is extremely comfortable....the bad thing is that the underwire is so flimsy. If the manufacturer had used as good of quality for the wire as the fabric it would've been perfect.
Loved the outside but was disappointed when the linen had no pattern. It was just plain blue! I bought it because I was attracted to the pattern on the inside as well as the shape of the bag. Will be returning in hopes of finding a new one with a pattern.
A bit to sheer unless worn at home.
Purchased for my daughter according to waist measurements posted in item description..... waist is too small. Looks nice though.
My previous DuoFold thermal was large and fit well, so I ordered large. This is not a form-fitting garment and is like a sack. It has no form. It is not a snug-fitting "against the skin" thermal, at least for me. And the sizing is completely different from my previous DuoFold garment.
They smelled weird right out of the bag. The legs are baggy all the way, not fitted at the thigh and flared as a boot cut. I immediately put them into the wash, which did take the smell away. I haven't tried them back on yet. Didn't return because they were only $20 and I don't really care since they are just for working out and walking.
I read the reviews and the size chart. I am a size 16/18. The XXL was to tight. Nice shirt so I passed it down to my daughter. Sad becuase I really wanted to wear this shirt this weekend.
No review. Just that the short isn't what it seems to be
I'm 5'2 115 lbs, before buying I checked the sizing chart and the small is way too small for me. So I am returning for a larger size... I like the costume very much...
This product is not fit true to size. I ordered 2 sizes bigger than I am just so I have Room and they're too tight. The material is also very thin and they're pretty much see through. I won't be purchasing again.
I may have received a bad run, but sides are 3 - 4 inches shorter than front and back. It looks very odd. I'll have to just wear this at home. Also, fabric doesn't really breathe.
Didn't look anything like the photo.
I wear a size large, but ordered an XL, but they are too small and very short.
Purchased 3xl. Fits like an xl. I wanted to wear it as an oversize, however its snug.
Great belt while it last. Plastic buckle broke within a month of wearing it
Too tight and too short
Too small and my daughter said the seems were itchy, so we ended up giving them away.
Product was add the ad stated. Came in timely manner. Only bad thing was it smells horrible. I washed it twice,still smelled bad. Or it in washer for third time and let it soak overnight,then rash through wash again. Still has slight smell. If not for the smell would have given 5 stars.
The t-shirt arrived later than promised & came in the wrong size & pastel Tye dye instead of the bright colors expected.
Shirt is longer than the picture, odd fabric does not work well with the pattern and fit. I'm returning.
The minute I washed the shirt the print started coming off. It's a bummer because the shirt was a hit for Christmas.
It was very difficult to use my phone with the gloves on. The outside it made of materials that attracts a lot of lent. The inside was very comfy tho.
Just didnt look right on me and the material was scratchy
Would of been real cute but way to big
This shirt just wasn't flattering.
For very short torso person.
The material is very odd, its like a thermal with a slight stretch. The fit was also really off. The top seemed like it might fall down of of the unstrapped side at any moment. Not a fan of this one. The color is more plum then wine red. I ordered in an XL as a US size 14, which was slightly small.
The fabric has a horrible odor that is still there after several washes.
Band was broken. They look fine as pajama shorts. Don't buy.
I guess these are okay for the price but they get very pilly and ride up quite a bit. I also had to take the inserts out because they bunched up A LOT.
The top is ok, but it fits weird and is too big... bottoms are too small and are not high waisted. They are cut super weirdly and very unflattering. Returning.
Have several pair in blue jeans that fit, but the black jeans run too small
had loose threads too
I was at work and the plastic piece broke. Went with one strap the rest of the day.
Scarves are fine but did not receive the colors I ordered and they don't look like the pictures at all.
I like this sweater but the sizing is on the large size and the color looks nothing like the picture. Not very satisfied with this purchase.
I was very excited when these first arrived and they arrived in a timely fashion. However, when wear outdoors they constantly slid off my foot into my boots and they barley kept my feet warm at all. I had to leave my outdoor event early because of the pain in my feet. Very disappointed theses were such a failure.
This was my second order of these socks. They fit great out of the box and were very comfortable. On this order of three, the first time I wore a pair I had one sock develop a hole at the big toe when I took the shoes off. I was disappointed in the quality sine one in 5 pairs got a hole on day one. After multiple washes the socks feel more like sock liners than actual socks and are providing any additional comfort with my work boots during a typical day. I plan to keep them and wear as sock liners and will attempt to return the one holey pair.
This sweater is AWEFUL. There is no form to the bottom so it just hangs. Looks stretched out even when new. I tried drying in the dryer but that didn't help. Thin fabric. Not the quality of Izod I frequently buy in the store.
Very thin. Skin tight.
Very nice and comfortable at first sight, but ripped in multiple places after very few wears.
Very very thin, more like a t-shirt vs a blazer :( Super disappointed.
The design on this tank top is genius. It's really convenient to have one less clip to work with while nursing and I appreciate the coverage of my belly they provide. However, I'm giving them two stars because after just one wash the stitching on the bottom hem is unraveling. For the price I would hope for better quality, but at $20 a tank top this is very frustrating when I'm only two months into nursing my baby and hoped that this would last the entire time.
I loved the variety, but they were much too small. I ordered my usual size XL (I usually buy from Aerie or Victoria's Secret for reference), and was only able to fit a few of them.
Looks cheap and does not fit well.
Not as good as the Dairy Creams from same company and shipping and delivery was a problem
This product was advertised to take 3 days to come in and it took almost 2 weeks.. disappointed.. also the under side of the hats bill is green...
The top was super cute but for some reason the pants and suspenders didn't come with it.
Not as expected...waistband was uncomfortable...did not come over belly button...but had nice material and pockets
Couldn't even close! I usually wear an XL so I got an XL but I really needed a XXL .
These are in no way thermal. They are only to be used as an underlayment. I would not recommend using these as a winter protection.
These are great for keeping baby's feet warm and cozy, but they are NOT non slip. There's hardly any nonslip material, and the stuff that is on the bottom, is completely useless. Don't purchase if looking for nonslip slippers.
Was too small to fit on my belt. Looks good though.
It's very short in the torso; definitely not as long as it looks in the photo.
This is definitely a ladies, floppy beach hat. If you are a guy, with a big head like me, and you are searching for a XL/XXL lifeguard straw brim hat, you're gonna wanna pass on this one. It is a floppy, ladies beach hat - do not let the product image pic fool you, it certainly fooled me. Keep searching
My son was SO excited. He generally wears a 2T/3T shirt, but this one is huge on him. He was too excited upon opening it for me to send it back, so now my son owns a Blippi dress.
Overall, nice fabric. Beautiful color. I am 5'9 with a 34" inseam and it was perfect with a pair of flats. I wear a medium and I ordered a large (unsure of sizing) and I could have went with the normal medium, no need for sizing up. It felt great and soft. Now to the reason for the 2 rating...I always check for color fastness prior to including new clothing into the laundry; and it is a good thing I did, I washed and washed by hand (which seemed like forever) - and the color was constantly bleeding, after about the 5th application of soap my husband said, "Through it in the trash", it is not worth it, and reluctantly so I did. Although, I was going to wash this in the machine, it would have been a HUGE mistake. I am very displeased with the product for this reason only. I ordered the "Wine Red", so I can not speak about color bleed in other colors; however, I would caution you to conduct a test for color bleeding prior to potentially damaging an entire load of clothes.
These socks are too think and also run big. I wear a size 9 in women's shoes and ordered the medium and they were too big. I tried them on with my workout shoes and all of the extra sock material pushed back and bunched at my heel, also the socks have a plastic strip across the back, I assume to keep the sock in place, but I can imagine working out on a hot day and if your feet sweat that would be annoying.
Everyone said the pants run a little small so I ordered one size up which was a huge mistake. These pants were huge I could fit both my legs in what pant leg. Immediately sent them back!
Beautiful color but the size doesn't fit the way it says it will in the size chart. One my bridesmaids who is 5'8 it stopped at her upper thigh and I have another bridesmaid who is 5'4 and it stopped under her knees. Just not for us. Will return.
I bought six pair of these jeans for my son. On each pair the zipper will not stay up. Never has this problem with Levi's before this purchase. All have been worn so I'm uncomfortable returning.
Took longer then expect to ship and was late for Christmas. Upon arrival it had extra fabric in sleeve stitching that had to be removed.
The bottoms were way too revealing and the top was underwhelming. It was very difficult to ship back and return it.
Way too big sizes are not correct
They are only okay; I've had them about 2 months and 2 of the three are already tearing at the seams. Also, the seam up the front does show through fitted clothing.
I read the reviews of others and their sizes and purchased mine base the size chart and the reviews however neither worked for me I smaller than some of the folks who got an xL and it was still too small
Even with repeated use, this belt is very stiff and does not want to bend around my waist.
Loved the shirt! Received many compliments on it- wore it 4 times and the seams shredded in the arm/armpit area.
Really frustrated with these leggings! I wanted to like them so much and I was obsessed with them at the beginning! I've worn them about four times haven't washed them yet. They have pilled horribly and have already gotten a hole in the thigh. I wear these around the house and there's no reason they should tear so soon... really disappointed with these leggings.
The shirt is OK quality, but the sleeves are so tight I don't know how it could be comfortable for anyone.
The quality of these socks has dropped a great deal in the past 3 to 4 years. Prior to this most recent purchase (January 2019), the last time I purchased Thorlo athletic socks was in December 2017. These used to be my favorite athletic sock, but they don't hold up very well after a couple of washings these days. Between December 2017 and January 2019, I have tried other athletic socks to see if I could find a great sock again. The closest I came was Gravel Gear heavyweight work socks, but I have been unable to find them online. They can be found at Northern Tool in the store only.
Large seem like a small fit
The colors are more of a blue tint, not the bright green the picture shows. Very boxy and very large. If you normally wear a medium you could almost get away with a small. I get that it's suppose to have some flow to it, but the material used makes it more stiff. Seems like good quality material though, just not right for the style. Also the v-neck is very plunging. Large or small boobs, if the product doesn't fit just right you'll be falling out of it.
Was not what I expected. Was way to big to use as a scarf and not as soft as most I have previously ordered. Will be sending back.
They fit fine but the material looks cheap and is smelly. Pros: fit, design cons: material feels weird and smelly Won't buy again but likely won't return unless material isn't breathable. Fine for working in my yard but won't wear them in public.
Rong belt is not the one on the pic
Came with no tags and visually obviously a previous return...ugh It is going back
Right out of the package all the stitching was coming loose, not sewn well at all.
The two fasteners that secure the buckle on this belt are glued together. The back side has a flathead screwdriver slot, but the front end is just a smooth surface (ostensibly to eliminate any friction when buckling). However, since there is no way to grip the smooth front side, it's impossible to break the glue lock and unscrew the pieces without damaging the belt. The comments tell you to grip the smooth front end with needle-nose pliers and then warns you to be careful not to damage the belt. But since that part is flush with the belt surface, the only way to grip it with needle-nose pliers is to dig into the leather to get the pliers around it. Some damage is almost assured if you do this. Poor design on an otherwise high quality belt. They could easily make the smooth front end with a flathead screwdriver slot just deep enough to get purchase to crack the glue. Then you'd just need two screwdrivers and no damage would occur. Seems like they put little thought into what the typical consumer's experience would be.
If you stand near a window or light wearing this everyone would see right through it! Colors are as pictured, just VERY thin material. Would be a good beach/pool cover up. I'm returning because that's not what I had in mind for it.
material was different and way too small for a large.
The socks were soft and fit well before being washed. After that, they kept sliding down in my shoes when I walked. Also shrunk somewhat in size. Not happy with them.
Ordered up a size because a read all the reviews and it was still too small. Pretty, but too small
Most disappointed by fabric. The fabric is very polyester. Print is screen printed onto the fabric in an odd way...Not a normal textile fabric print. Might be good for a high school girl, but I'm a grown up and want better quality.
The material is very heavy and thick. The length is long and the size runs a bit too big.
The fabric quality is very poor for it being Disney product and also for the price. The print is also very cheap quality. I wouldn't recommend this product.
Too tight fitting at the top of the tube.
I returned this item with another dress, but I never received a refund for this item.
Very flimsy. Bought the same exact time at Target for a better price and the quality is much better
The swimsuit isn't white. Mine is like an off white or cream colored. It runs small and the straps feels awkward, they kept on falling off.
I did not like these as much as expected. Despite purchasing a size 9 (I normally wear a 9 and a half), they still seemed a bit large on my feet. Also the color didn't exactly match what was in the photos. I will probably keep handy for when I go camping, but for every day use they will not be used much.
the colored part of this 3X blouse would fit a 1X person. The sleeves however are not made for large women. you must have skinny arms to wear this. it is beautiful but 3X size does not fit 3X person. So sad.
Very thin, stiff material. I hated it immediately and chose to return it. It wasn't worth the price.
Not nearly as easy to use as described.I have regular sized pocket squares and they don't work as easily. Need better instructions.
Cheap materials and is not what it looks like
These polos are very fitted so order a size larger if you want them loose. They are not as soft and stretchy as I like them. I will be returning them.
I ordered my size but it was still too small and it was bulging quite a bit so it was very noticeable
The dress arrived right on time. A few hours before my friend's wedding. The dress fitted fine and comfortable but there was a defect on the zipper. It came right off track as I was attending the wedding. Some of the ladies tried to fix it, but to no available. It was very embarrassing sitting at the reception with the back of my dress open and a few safety pins holding it together. Although I like it very much, I don't think I'll be purchasing from here anymore. I can't risk the zipper coming off track in public anymore.😣
Love how thin the nipple covers are but the actual lift tape did not work at all. They didn't stick and just made my boobs look deformed. I do not recommend.
Ordered the week before Halloween. Told would be here two days before. Arrived one week after Halloween.
Very cheap looking. Didn't use it for my costume party and just threw it in the trash because it wasn't worth sending back.
They bands are very pretty, but do not stay on. I was disappointed!
The photograph is deceiving. It looks to be a dress that could be worn for an event or party. The t shirt material was not explained clearly in the description. .. the dress looked to be knee length, it was too short. I'm sure it would be OK for a play dress
Theres a weird dot pattern thats really not evident from the pictures. Did not like how it looked in person - not similar to the pictures. I returned it.
Not very happy with these. They are comfortable but very see through compared to my other 90 degree leggings and capri leggings. Bring back the high waisted cotton ones please!
Not great. Not tight, dont really cover ears. Would pass if i had to do it again!
Looks nice in picture, nice design concept but poorly made.
There was a hole along the seam where the lace meets the satin. A bit small but otherwise beautiful! I wish it fit a bit better, and there wasn't a hole.
I gave it 2 stars because the materials was cheap and i returned it.
My husband is usually a 2X. To be on the safe side I ordered a 3X. The sleeves were too short, and a bit tight around his chest. I bought this for him at Christmas. He wore it sitting on the porch for the rest of the MD winter. This was not a cheap purchase. Total right side has completely blown out and he threw it in the trash.
Fabric was ok but sizing was not true to size
This was very pretty but the hem of the skirt tore the first day she wore it. She only wore it to dance class so there must have been a small area that wasn't sewn completely. I am very disappointed because it is so cute.
I've bought these kinda of bras in the past and they've lasted a lot longer. I've only worn this one twice and it's already not very sticky anymore and was falling off all throughout the day. Definitely have had better.
I read the reviews and bought this dress with high hopes. It is way to big on the bottom, the top fit ok, I got a Xl I'm 5'10 about 280. And it came above my ankles.... not what I expected.
Bought the biggest size available, which is a size bigger than I normally wear, and it was still quite a bit too small.
This bra runs a tad bit small, I wear a 34C in VS and so that's what I ordered on here. I had it on the last hook to fit into it and the top of the cup was too high up (I know that sounds weird). The other thing that was difficult for me to deal with was how itchy the straps were. I did like that it had pockets for extra padding to go into the cups if you wanted more of a push- up style.
It looked and felt like a bag. It is advertised as light weight, and that it is. It's almost like night gown.
Doesn't look like picture
Super thin material, do no recommend unless you're using as a sleep shirt
This shirt is see through! It says it's a thick material shirt but it thin and has to be worn as an under shirt
The seams don't line up and fit weird. Gets the very most basic job done.
Tearing apart . holes forming . Looks nice but poor stitching . I only used them about 4 hours one time, and holes forming and tearing apart .do not buy
Fits more like a medium than an XXL
The material is very thin and cheap. The ruffles on the shoulder look nothing like the picture.
These are not as high waisted as I'd hoped and they are smaller than the older ones I already have. The worst thing about this purchase is that two of the five were smaller than the other three.
Material is see through.
Love the hat! Great quality But it came in shaped wrong. It's off center. Sadly I didn't notice til after the return period was over.
as others have described, it is unbearably small and made of poor materials.
It was way too small but the seller helped me
It is really a comfortable sweater vest. Too bad the zipper is crap. I didn't get much time out of it at all before the zipper went out.
I ordered a small & they fell off me.
Ratcheting teeth slipped constantly and belt buckle just broke completely. Would not buy again
The ease of application is nice. But they are way too pink. I wanted to wear a white t shirt without a bra and my skin is tan now that it's summer so these just poked out like Patrick the starfish covering my nipples.
Beautiful colors but you really need pants underneath it. Can't be worn alone as a skirt.
I really like this hat, but the pompom fell off of it with in the first month we had it. I was able to easily sew it back on. I would suggest that they use a thicker thread for the stitching from the pompom to the button.
Looks like Pjs nothing they would wear out in public. wasnt very happy with the shirt or the color.. 2 year old uses it as pj top now.
I ordered a 40D. They are probably a 36 or 38, and the cup size is way too small. Maybe a B cup.
Way shorter than the picture!!
terribly made. cheap material. broken zipper
Pretty low quality but will work for occasional use.
This thing is huge!!! It feels like I'm carrying a small carry on that they make me check at the gate because it doesnt fit in the overhead compartment
Pleased with the product but I use a high grade detergent so I don't know why the color faded as bad as it did not pleased with that at all
The sizes aren't correct. Very small for a 2x I'm having to send it back and get a refund hopefully the next size up will fit better if not, I'll have to send it back again smh
The bottoms fit perfectly but I'm a bigger top size and the same size tops and bottoms don't fit me. It would be nice to buy them separately. The top although it shows the cups look supportive that really is all it is. Looks. The cups have basically no support.
My boobs just looked smooshed and malformed under my backless body suit with these. I wear a 38DD bra.
Nice, warm, just what I needed for texting!!
Great for giving you cone boobs. Don't use it you don't have boobs, which honestly, you likely wouldn't be buying anyways.
The style is good, however the stitching on this jacket is of poor quality. After using it a couple of times, the stitching under the arm came off (see pic). I don't know if the seller will issue a refund or return.
Fit perfectly, but found 4 holes instead of the usual 3 & had to return.
Front comes up higher than the back and has no elastic
Returned, runs small across bust.
Ordered this as an Easter dress and the zipper defective. Also the belt is not long enough to make the beautiful bow as it looks in the picture. I gave it 2 stars because if did arrive on time as it said it would. Now I have to go find another dress and return this. So disappointing!
I hate the new waist band. I like prior pairs I ordered. The thicker band was better and more comfortable then the new thin elastic band.
These were supposed to be 29" in length and they were actually longer than the 30". We used the exact # off the label of the jeans we purchased in Tractor Supply and these were not it even though your site said they are. They are NOT as heavy duty as the other jeans we purchased and they were NOT 29" like they were supposed to be. This was very disappointing. My husband xrays on pipeline and needs the more rugged jeans. We will continue to purchase from Tractor Supply and know what we get.
Was much too large and overwhelmed my small frame. Wound up giving to a friend.
I'd actually like the next size up. Hiw do I do that? Send it back ? And you guys send me the x large. What is crazy is I'm really mostly a medium but ordered a large and need an x large to feel comfortable in it.
way too big and does not have giving material
Arms long, itchy, returned product
This dress is beautiful but they sent me the wrong size. I ordered 5 & got a 6. So now I have to order another & send back. Not happy about that. I see other people are having the same problem.
These fall off easily. Says 0-3months but might be more suitable for a newborn
Not as pretty and very thin. Disappointed
I ordered this sweater in Black and LOVED it! I decided to order it again in blue. The fabric was the same, but the size is all wrong. I can't even wear it. I was excited to receive it, but disappointed when the size wasn't true. :-(
The length was good but the waist was way too big. There's no way to rate the shaping aspect since it is practically falling off.
It would have been fine except it shows thigh length and it's only hip! Just doesn't look right.
Cute but way way way to big they don't know how to tell sizes
Runs very small, had to return
String for wings broke immediately after opening
The hat looks as pictured.. but mine was all balled up and folded over ., It looks terrible.
Too big and sadly, I took too long to return.
I have small female hands and these were too big me. Some of the finger bits nearly covered my entire finger with so much wiggle room that I felt like I had no dexterity. One side is definitely not “fits all.” The tip of one of my gloves where the loop is began unraveling immediately. Other than that they seemed pretty well made. They are unlined and feel like wool, so expect some itchiness.
I bought this for my elderly mother who has problems closing bras in the back. I was hoping this front close bra would work. Unfortunately the hooks are pretty much hidden under lace and a bit difficult to hook up, even for me. My mother cannot hook this bra up at all by herself. I would say this product is just ok, but it doesn't fulfill my needs.
They work alright but run really small
Phone falls out of pocket easily.
little small for 36 to 38
This bra fits perfect cup wise but otherwise, it is very small around with no stretch or give. I got a bra extender and that helped because getting bigger around would make the underwires be further under my arms. As it is right now, the underwires and fullness from the minimizing (I'm guessing) rub my underarms too much. The shape of the cups, cones, like 50's style cones. I'm just not in to this bra at all. Would not order another.
Very cute, but much too small. Photo was taken when my son was only 6 weeks old and the one lone snap at the crotch was already straining. I thought it would be a cute Halloween costume, but there's no way his 3 month old body would fit in the 0-6 month size. Also, there are only 3 snaps at the bottom, so even at 6 weeks, a lot of his leg was gaping out.
Cheap and very thin.
collar was too loose and floppy.....want snug fit
Top was WEIRDLY huge- expansive, even, rest was ok- got a very ugly run towards the end of my evening out (the sole purpose of ordering these.) Managed to hide it well enough, tossed them out as soon as we arrived home.
For a xxl it is to small ,my hand cannot get into the sleeve, so I cannot wear it. Do you have a bigger size? Otherwise I like the jacket, just disappointed that it cannot fit.
It's a bathrobe. A light material bathrobe. I was looking for a traditional real kimono. I'm still going to keep it, but was hoping I could have used this for this year's Halloween costume.
The skirts zipper is broke....
I do not like this bra. The straps are elastic and not supportive in my opinion.
Bought two, one in black as well but the fit was just way off.
This really just isn't flattering. It doesn't stay in the Off shoulder position. It felt like wearing a burlap sack.
Absolutely adorable dress and good quality, but it came reeking of gasoline and with stains all over the front. I'm so disappointed as i ordered it for my two yr olds birthday, it took 3 weeks to arrive and now she can't even wear it
Unfortunately these do not have the same quality material as the quarter socks from Wigwam that I have had for a couple years. The material is thinner and rougher. Hopefully the quarter socks haven't been cheapened, if so I would send them back. I'll try Hanes if I buy more of the low cut for 1/3 the price. To modify my initial review I would like to add that the material feels similar to the quarters that I have right out of the package but the size is so small that the material is stretched thin when worn. I ordered the x-large and wear a size 13 shoe.
This was a cheap materials, almost like a foamy plastic and it was shiny. I would not recommend this.
Colors were way different than pictured...
They were alright but they have already started to peel from being rubbed and i have only worn them once and got them 2 days ago. Not worth 20 bucks, maybe 10 bucks.
Cute skirt but runs very small. I always buy a size small in swim bottoms but I can not even get this one on. Will return.
Item shows 4 different colors in the multi-pack, but I received 2 black and 2 grey pairs.
I am not sure where the great reviews for this product come from. While it did cover my belly, it offered zero shaping. It was baggy at the bottom. It looked like a green garbage bag draped over my body. I got a size M, which is my typical size for any bodycon dresses that I have ever purchased. I am 5'3, 140 pounds and the size M looked awful.
This looked like a good one but unfortunately it was damaged. It was a gift for my father-in-law who wanted a 23" sombrero for working outside. 23" hat came in a 14" box (he measured it of course). I'm not sure if that ever works, but the box was damaged to boot. Not sure if I want to try again, but if I do I re-post to let others know.
This product fits like a teen suit length wise. You would need an extremely short torso to pull it off.
i would not recomend to anyone
I didn't receive the blue bow. Is there anyone I can get in contact with about this?
It just didn't fit as expected.
These looked so cute online. Unfortunately, the pattern is printed on and faded with the first wash, before my baby even got to wear it. The material is not soft, it feels like a cheap t-shirt.
Color dull, not at all like the picture. The material is very thin and clingy- not in a good way. Wrinkles so easily.
This is a poor quality jacket. I purchased twice and both time the waist drawstring pulled out of the jacket. Don't waste your money. Paid more and bought a Patagonia puffer Jacket. More money - but worth every penny.
The quality of the socks is very good, BUT if you have ankles that are slightly above "normal" size these socks are a no go. I do have slightly larger ankles and after a few hours these socks cut into both ankles causing swelling. So if you are a child or have skinny ankles the socks are OK.
The Jack-o-lantern face is great, but I bought this shirt for me and my fiance bc it says that it glows in the dark...NOPE, IT DON'T! So disappointed 😔
I like the way this vest fits, however the zipper is poorly made. It keeps coming undone from the wrong direction. Thinking about returning it.
Fits small and color was different from pictures.
I'm 5'1 and 115lbs. Ordered a small and the shorts fit okay at best. They're on the larger side in the waist for me but the length is alright. If you have longer legs I could see how they would be on the shorter side. I was sent the wrong color and there was no paper work or tags in order to return them to get the correct ones.
Fit fine from my legs but the waist was too big
Cute but you can not hold much in it. Its super small.
Way too tight from the waist and I really am a size 30.
It fits me well but my hips are too big for high waisted and it looks too weird and ugly on me.
This is not the same skirt. None of the patches are like the one in the photo, and on mine they are all very brown and dark, no color contrasts at all like the picture. Plus, it's so thin, you can see through it in spots. In the photo it looks heavier.
runs a little smaller
I'm 5'2”, 108 lbs, with curvy hips. I ordered the small. The waist elastic was very weak and loose and just hung down my hips, instead of gripping to my waist, giving it a very unappealing look. The fabric is somewhat shiny, which also caught me by surprise.
Cute but it looks a little different in person
Great looking fabric, unfortunately it's see-through with only a short liner in the bottom (which is visible because it's not long enough) the entire top is unlined so you either have to show your tatas or make some serious alterations. Too bad. I was excited for this one
Bottom of dress is nice. Top isn't right. It's layed and scrunches on one side but not in a cute way. Would nice nice if the top was either One layer or the top layer was tighter. Returning dress because I just can't make the top fit correctly.
I wear a 36C, bought a 36C but this was tight and uncomfortable. No real support. Creeps up in the back and allows the front to sag and the front support band is not as wide as the picture shows.
It does not stick like it is supposed to, and it is not double thickness as I have ordered.
Washed these as soon as they arrived and they shrunk. I ordered the 2XL and unless you have no butt or hips, these just won't cut it. They don't stay up and they barely cover anything.
They run big. And you can't wear for a long time because they continue to loose their form the longer you wear them.
My Ortho told me I needed compression shorts while I recovered from a quadriceps injury. These shorts had good reviews but they didn't do the job. They were comfortable but didn't do any compression at all. So I ordered the next smaller size than I usually get underwear and they didn't do anything either- no compression.
Not really a fan of the material contents' smell. Out of the package they smell kind of chemical so i hand washed and air dried them. Sorry, i really don't care for them. I have lots of warm socks that do not have that chemical smell (i know that is a weird word to use in description .)
I ordered a xxl and it fit more like a l....
I was surprised by the quality of this garment - the fabric is really nice and it is well constructed. However the fit is really strange. I'm typically a size small across the board (5'2", 125 pounds, athletic/slim build) and the medium fit but was very short in the torso and the coverage in the seat was strange... VERY full coverage, hits very low on the hip and also covered my entire butt and dug in a little which I found super unflattering.. i ended up returning which is a shame, if the butt was slightly more scooped out at the back leg I probably would have kept.
The quality of the fabric is less than I expected and the fit is quite awkward. Wouldn't repurchase.
I'm disappointed in this product. I didn't return them because I waited too long. Bleh. The tops of all the socks unravel. It seems as if they were cut improperly. Very odd. Also, not very stretchy as you might think with this knit.
Had to wait for the correct shirt to be shipped.
Great colors and have held up to multiple washings without losing size or color. But, here's the thing, they have a large toe seam all the way across. I am sensitive to this and have never purchased anymore and do not intend to.
I purchased this belt in gold and red. The fit is great, but they look cheap and the smell is horrific!! Returning them.
Quality of the shirt is very cheap. Sizes run very small, so make sure you order one size bigger than what you normally wear.
Waaayyy too baggy. I'm a skinny guy and these look like parachutes on me.
Lame remake. Didn't look authentic, print was off center.
I really wanted this to fit, way too small tho.
The top part of it was longer and wider than expected.
Able to as cover up, but fits tight
I walk my dogs everyday and it's gets down to 20 degrees sometimes. These are cute but do not protect against frigid winds.
I ordered a size up and they're still too small. Nice shirts though. I think I may try again and order up 2 more sizes, so 3 sizes in total.
I didn't like the material really but they definitely come super small so watch out ladies
Doesn't look like picture. Just kinda flops all over :(
I'm a size 6 and these were to small.
Really wanted to love these, but when they arrived they had a truly horrible BO smell. I threw them directly in the trash.
Although the color is good and the durability is fine this product does not deliver as read there is no tummy control at all none there comfortable pair of shorts but sad to say i purchased for tummy control though i did keep them due to how comfortable they actually are.
I'm a DD cup, which is aligned with XL. My cups are a bit small for DD. My breasts kept spilling out whenever i bent over. I wore the bra for a day and i must say that the feel of the lace is wonderful. Just disappointed I'm unable to enjoy due to the cup size.
Picture does not match the item I received. Completely different colors
If they used more of a cotton blend this would hang better. Just didn't like the slinky and semi-shiny material.
Order a size up, as the size runs small. Disappointed as I was using it to dye for a baby gift.
Are you a very buff and fit man? Then you may be okay with this shirt. I am the kind of chunker who has a little weight on me, I am about 20 lbs overweight. I mean c'mon there are big macs in this world how could you be fit in a world of big macs? So for a chunky monkey like myself, this shirt makes ya look fat. sleeves are also too long and my biceps are my best feature so the shirt just didn't bring out anything good in me. If you're the Rock, you might look good in it.
Way too box-like shaped. Fabric is nice and flowy. Shame the shape isn't as shown or expected.
Extremely ugly collar. I returned it and got a refund.
The dress did not have the long back, it's the same all the way around.
I really liked this item but it runs extremely small. I ordered a large and it fit but it was a little snugger than I like it so I ordered an extra large. When I received the extra large it fit smaller than the large. I don't know if there's a production problem but I was pretty disappointed.
Super slinky. Great if you are paper thin. Which I am not. Sent back
It was a little smaller than anticipated for an adult. Also it really has a bad latex stench. It looks OK but I am disappointed I spent as much as I did for the quality and the overall look and feel of the product. It might be worth it if you put a plastic guard at least in the top round part to hold shape and maybe consider a plastic adjustable headband to keep it firmly in place during use.
The bra is so pretty and sexy but it's all lace and it's real itchy. I have to return them but maybe it's just because I have sensitive skin..real pretty otherwise and fit nice
These are cut really weird. The crotch part is super wide like man underwear. One side is seen tighter than the other too. Wonky all round.
I really wanted to like this dress. It's a gorgeous color, the only one on this listing without a black top. But the fabric on the lower part is stiff and super wrinkly! The side zipper is probably necessary, since the lower fabric doesn't have any stretch, but it doesn't lay flat, instead buckling up in the illusion of fat rolls, and the top edge of the pockets don't lay flat either. I was constantly tugging the dress down, trying to smooth the shape. The stiff fabric doesn't drape well, and holds its shape out so that I felt like I was wearing a hoop skirt. The pockets, at least, were quite deep, so your phone isn't going to fall out when you sit down. The top part is quite comfortable, though the sleeve straps might be too long; the top of my bra was showing when the top stretched too much.
Nice dress but the fabric was very thin.
Despite following the size guidelines it is too small. The outside fabric is nice and warm but the inside fabric is slick and is not appealing.
Way to big! Order two sizes smaller
Was happy with first try and decided to buy more in the same and different colores. As one can see on the photo, not the same shape and lenght at all. I preffer tight fit so would give 'm to someone.
I ordered this for my daughter for school. The glasses were useless which was the reason why I bought this set instead of just a wig. The eyeglass chain does not stay on the glasses for even a few seconds, and the nose part hurt her face even after I adjusted them. The wig was good but lost a lot of the hair. I should have ordered the wig and glasses separate from a different company.
This item rides up super bad when you move, maybe I should of ordered bigger.
Color was perfect and material was soft. Due to other reviews stating the size ran small and order up, I Ordered an Xl and it fits like a small. Very disappointed!!
The socks were beautiful colors and an adorable print; however, they were not very functional for Barre class. There is not enough grip on the bottom to support your feet without slipping. They are also made from a Very thin material.
Looks great in the picture . I really like the color . However , not so great on
Three out of the six were not sewn right. Three of the pears fell apart before I even put them on.
Very thin. Poor quality. Not like ones by Hanes I've purchased in the past
I wear a leather jacket that is a few sizes smaller and I got this one in a larger size and it is still rather tight. it's like a latex glove when I zip it up so I think the size chart is a bit absurd
I love the style but the fabric is very very thin and the waist band isn't put in properly it's a tiny waist band that isn't sewn down and it flips up every move you make
Color not as bright as photo
Probably will be returning, too cheaply made
Quality was poor, tore easily. Only used it for 2 months
It was a different material than I think it would be. You can see then linings and I am not comfortable wearing it outside. Bummer I miss the return window since I was out of town
I sent it back. Did not like how it looked
I thought this was really cute on the model in the picture but when I received it, it looked really cheap to me.
I love the material. I bought the high waist about a year ago and it was no different than the low waist, about 6 inches. I could not tell the difference. After returning them and receiving the same low waist, I gave up.
I had to send this back because the material was just too weird and cheap looking. Kind of a shiny-ish smooth texture instead of the normal hoodie fabric. I ordered the 2X/3X for a guy who's 6 feet tall and really skinny, and it fit okay
Material is thin and doesn't hang well
Is little small for my my, and to wash the top they left.
Material was plastic
Hoodie comes with a logo from Aesthetic Revolution on it even though it's shown blank. Ordered it because it was supposed to be blank
The main button literally fell off in my hand the 1st time I put them on. This is just poor quality control/manufacturing. I immediately took them off and dropped them off w/ my seamstress with instructions to double-stitch all of the buttons. For this his added cost, I could have just purchased a more expensive product that may have better quality checks before shipping. Aside from this issue, I suspect the pants will be just fine.
In the picture this hat stands up in the front however there is no inside support. So when wearing the hat it's kind of flat looking. I like the colors but because of the look when wearing it, I sent it back.
The pants are too short for tall girls. Didn't like the material.
You can't see it in the picture but the sleeves are not regular sleeves. The sleeves are cocoon sleeves which has a lot of material under the arm. I returned this. I don't like cocoons. They need to post pictures that spread the sleeve out so you can see exactly how it's going to look. I like the material and the color that is why I gave it 2 Stars.
These are so fragile, they rip way too easily
product material and style is perfect but is sizing is not perfect
It's cute and soft but if you have large breast's like myself they won't fit in the garment they just pop if I move even a little
The material feels cheap and the sizing is way off. I got a medium and won't be able to use it because it's so big. Wouldn't have bought if I knew the fit would be so awful.
After one or two washings, the fabric of the leggings began to ball up and look very worn. I would not buy these again.
the fabric is as expected but the top is completely out of proportion. i'm over 5'9" and it comes to my knees. it is voluminous with tight, tiny sleeves. I can't expect that sizing down will help with the sleeve situation. I really want to love this but I just can't.
felt like i was putting a cardboard hat on, to stiff for my liking
It has a very thin fabric! I am sure it will tear very soon! I am not going to try it again!
My daughter purchased these, but ended up returning them. She said that the quality was not as good as another brand she previously purchased.
This is made from a very cheap material, not comfy for baby at all. Would not order again.
I love the look but the quality just did not do it for me.
Know these should be tight but it takes a village to get these socks on. Too much effort.
Logos are in wrong spots but overall decent. Chain strap is annoying and a vachetta strap is about $30 so I returned it and found something for the same price as the strap and bag. Much happier
Didn't like the look on me. Seem very small.
The fit is great. The high waist stays put, but it pills like crazy in between the legs! Can't wear them anymore because it's so noticeable
Cute but no crotch snaps. Hard to get in and out of.
Thought it would be more of a sweater fit, but it is very tight. It is also much lighter than the picture.
So. The truth is these undies actually are great. I've recently gone back and bought them again because I liked the first batch so much. But I was offended with the 'coupon' that comes with the underwear. It says if you leave a positive review they'll send you another for free. I might be okay with it if they said leave an honest review and you'll get a freebie, but it specifically calls for a positive one. Which means, honestly, that many of the positive reviews here may be complete crap. I'm just saying. It's dishonest.
Not true to size at all. Comes from China
This shirt is already fading! not good quality
I thought the shirt would be yellow and bright red and the one I got was gold and burgundy. I don't like the colors. Also my shirt was an athletic wear fabric I expected a cotton tee. The shirt in the picture appears to be a normal unisex T-shirt so I ordered a medium because I wanted it to fit slack and I should have got an XL it was very tiny. It fit like a womens fitted tee. Also I paid for 2 day shipping and did not receive it in 2 days. I am returning the item.
I was disappointed that I was sent Men's instead of Women's socks. The material seems comfirtable but I only wear a size 6 women's so there are way to big fir me. I checked the order and the description and names says Women's but the pkg I received sats Men's. How do I order Women's?
Ordered an XXL. Way too tight, should be a large. This company needs to fix their sizing.
Be careful of size this jeans for a very high price will shrink and fade in one wash!! We are having issues with it creating a hole quickly in crouch with Levi's. 501 lovers are being done wrong!!
The costume ensemble was done well in my opinion. My problem with the costume is the quality. Somehow this year, my son had 3 different Haloween events. After the first event, the shirt was beginning to tear. After the third use, it was holy enough where I knew the shirt wouldn't be salvaged. So, if you want a quick costume just for one night and are willing to pay the price I would recommend but if you are like my family and use costumes as play clothes as long as your children fit in them, I wouldn't recommend.
Does not loom like at the picture
Order arrived ahead of schedule, BUT it was the wrong color and wrong size. I ordered a black L/XL hat. I received a navy blue S/M hat. The tag on the bag the hat came in did say black L/XL. I will update this rating to 5 stars IF the seller corrects this mistake at no cost to me.
I have purchased/loved these shirts before and something changed this last order. The new styles have longer sleeves and aren't fitted/slim like before. The shirt is still long but now very boxy. How do I get the old style?!!
The top part is cute but the bottom does not fit your size that you order. I ordered a size bigger than my normal size and the bottom still did not fit high waist. The sizes are not accurate on here and do not match the size it says on the label.
Received the wrong color purple. Cheaply made. I guess you get what you pay for
I would like a refund, product was not white and the bow is MUCH smaller and looks dinky...
The plastic piece that goes around the glasses comes loose easily and the glasses fall off. Not impressed
One of the 3 containers was delivered with the lid broken and the product spilled inside the envelope.
Purchased in October 2013. I replaced it 6 monts ago because it was literally crumbling apart. So, it lasted 2 years looking okay, and the last 2 years looking bad. A $25 leather wallet should last for much longer. Imagine buying a leather couch and having to replace it every couple years!!!???
They are very pretty but not the normal stretchy lace you would expect. Poorly made.
Waaaay to big up top! Would be good for large chested/larger upper body smaller waist body shape. Possibly a great dress for drag. Loved the material but had to return as it wasn't a fit for me personally.
This wallet was decent for about 6 months, but more than 4 cards in it makes it difficult to get cards out. I have my debit card, credit card, driver's license and grocery store rewards card in it, so nothing too crazy. Saw another post with a picture, the money clip is a spring that becomes loose fairly quickly, no longer holding money. I've tried tightening it but that only lasts maybe a week. Very disappointed in this wallet. Quality of leather seems to be decent though.
I selected this bra for two reasons. Main reason was the long line smoothing potential. The second being the interesting strapped patterns. Strap pattern is okay. There is no smoothing of the long line though. The longer bra line rolls up like a party favor without the whistle. The rolled up bra line only adds bumps and bulk where I dearly hoped it would smooth. In short... this would be a resounding “No”. Too much trouble to return. Maybe someone at Goodwill can appreciate it better than I.
This really looks cheaper than it is - and that's saying something.
The lace was nice, but it was only held together with glue and as soon as I tried to put it around my leg it broke.
This ran too small and I returned
I order for my son and loved the saying on the shirt, when item arrived the shirt appears to be for a girl especially around the neck, and the pants were short as if it wasn't a 4t
Qualities - The vest fits very well. It is quite warm and comfortable. Issues - Main zip is opposite to normal zips with the pull on the left. Bottom of zip is tricky to engage. Left pocket zip when closed completely gets locked in that position. NOT GOOD, if you need to get something out of it in a hurry. It does open eventually but causes a great degree of annoyance. I would have to warn people away from this product unless it is proven that this was a one off situation.
I should have accepted the reviews before I went ahead with this purchase... It is the heaviest robe I have ever felt--It would be great if I lived in Alaska-- But I do not--I live in the Midwest---was very disappointed--- Not the robes' fault but Mine---
I ordered a size larger and they were still too tight. The outfit is cute but too slimline for a "healthy" sized child 😉.
They look nice, but sadly they didn't work. I look at a computer all day and I still get headaches.
I ordered the cyan because in the photo it's a beautiful shade of light blue. However, when I received it the color is WAY off. It's more of a green / blue. I know it says colors can vary, but this is a significant difference. Very misleading and disappointing.
Nice which took forever to ship to get to me this is made in China don't expect it in a week it took like four weeks
Very thin material, see through when you put them on.
Meh. Pic looks cute but looks silly on - something akin to a maiden pirate, a la a cheap strip club.
Large means large, this shirt was too tight.
I did not like this sock at all. Too tight first of all. It is not what I call a slouch sock. Doesn't come high enough on the leg to slouch.
I ordered 2 different colors of the same size (XL) and as you can see in the pic, they are clearly not the same. One fit great. Loose & comfy which is what I wanted. If I was just rating that one I would have given it 5 stars but the other is significantly smaller & uncomfortably snug. Since they are unmarked I can't tell which is what size.
Way too “short”. I'm only 5'2 and yes I have hips so I guess there's just not enough fabric to pull them up all the way way even in a Large size. The inner seam is just way too short to adjust the top properly. Quality wise they feel thick and durable. Would be happy if they actually fit me.
There isn't nearly as much frill as the picture suggests. Very small maybe a size 6 at largest. Otherwise alright.
Did not like the fit! Returned with no problem!
What I do like about this shirt is the stretch quality and sleeve length. Other than that the shirt does not stand up well. After just a few washes it has become faded on the seams and edges. You absolutely cannot dry this shirt unless you want it to fit a size smaller. Feminine fit but not durable. I bought this for my serving job and it definitely cannot withstand the wear and wash I need from it.
The suspenders seem to be ok, but the packing looked like it had been through a war zone. The Amazon bubble wrap mailer was opened when I received it, and it had holes ripped/melted in it. The cellophane bag that the suspenders were packed in inside the mailer was opened, and the card the suspenders were attached to was completely crumpled. Furthermore, the suspenders are plain elastic, they are not grosgrain as they appear to be in the photo. They do seem to be good quality, but not what was expected. I will keep them and use them; but only because I need them sooner than I can get a replacement, and it's too much hassle to return them.
It's very light and the tape holder comes out easily when you use it. It's very pretty though.
The folders got broken after you start to use it
This product was the correct size as stated. It arrived on time. But as I started to sweat, the sticky part unstuck. Not what I expected to happen.
Good material.. but not like what I imagine.. that's why I gave 2 star .
The reason I am giving this a low rating is because these briefs are labeled as Gentle Wash, Do Not Tumble Dry. I have ALWAYS washed my underwear in regular wash and tumbled dried them. I suspect the elastic is of poor quality and will not tolerate regular wash and dry cycles.
The leotard is beautiful and the material is great. But the sizing is off, I ordered one size larger than my daughter's actual size and the leotard is still too small especially in the chest. She measures a 34 and according the their sizing chart a medium would be best, it's still too small.
Keeps rolling down so annoying but good if wearing under a dress. Will not hold in anything not that kind of material
This is supposed to be cotton chamois and should be tightly woven!! I'd bet the thread count is less than a cheap t-shirt
Not real happy with the quality of this hat, would never have bought it if I had seen it first. Material is to thin, bill is shaped weird.. just a low quality knock off. Reminds me of the type cheap cap given away as a promotion.
I ordered two masks from here (one red & one green). The red one came in just fine but the green one had no forehead pad and the elastic was underneath one of the wires of light. We had to cut it and re-sew it. Other than that, the lights worked fine.
Never arrived bit i emailed the company and they refunded my account right away
I never got to wear these. They feel super soft, but the fabric tore as I was pulling them up my thigh- my finger went right through it. I didn't even finish trying them on. In the trash they go. :(
I usually order a medium but due to reviews and flowing nature of the dress, I ordered small. But it was still too big throughout. Passing it on to someone who it will fit.
The bottoms fit according to size but the front of the top was super small
Both pieces are good looking. I thought the snake cuff could have been larger fitting - I'm reasonably petite and it was too tight on me so I wore as a bracelet but that worked fine for me. It was the hair piece that I take issue with. My hair was done perfectly- and I set it in and it looked nice. Then it started to hurt. So I decided to remove it so I could pull it little wider (it's metal and can be adjusted, soft enough to bend) and the little leaves stuck in all my hair- my husband couldn't even get it out he had to break hairs to yank it out. Hair a mess and tattered. I was bummed. A hair band should be able to be placed into and removed from the head, call me crazy?
I need something exactly like this but with thicker, sturdier materials. Folds upon sitting & looks bad after a few minutes. Too bad, returning
They slip off your heals constantly. But they feel great when they're not slipping off .
Shrunk so much after one wash they were unwearable there after
I didn't like the way this was designed.
These underwear started to rip and get holes along the crotch area stitching after the second wash. I would not buy these again. Also, they run small.
These are cute I just really don't like how pointy and bulky the pads are in the bra
I really like the shirt however the print is crooked.
I loved that the product was made out of rubber but 2 of my keychains only survived a day before the chain broke.
I am a size 8, and I couldn't even get the large zipped up. I bought a medium and a large just in case- I had to return both.
choose 2 sizes bigger because they run small
The hat was a little large for a medium and would not hold its shape the brim keep rolling up and the pinched front would not stay as it should. not a true Florida.
I usually wear a 32B, and this bra doesn't suit my well. It flattens my breasts and keeps slipping down. This is the worst strapless bra I've worn :(
Hell naw skirt was bogus ass hell a joke lmao 🤣 but I LOVE THE SHIRT ITS RELLY CUTE AND I LOVE THE MATERIAL 🖤
It's strange how these fit... I previously purchased an XL after reading reviews of how small these are, but the XL is rather large so I purchased a black one and a large there is an extreme difference between the two sizes. The large fits but is quite snug where is the XL looks a little frumpy on me. I also noticed the stitching is poor and coming undone upon arrival.
Fits tight around waist. Extremely long I'm 5 2 usually 7 order it to tight and about 9 inches to long . Completely covers my shoes and drags ground .
Yes, I read the reviews. Yes, I know it's "Asian sizing." I wear a S or a 6-8 in almost everything, so I sized up to a LARGE. I burst out laughing when I took it out of the package. Just to see...I tried it on. It was like being wrapped in an ACE bandage. Material was OK, not great. Too clingy and tight, like a bodysuit. I think that would be true even if I went up two more sizes. Cute top in theory....but just so insanely tiny.
These jeans are kind of weird... I definitely don't see any difference in my butt when I'm wearing them. They also bunch kind of weirdly around the hips.
I'd hoped I could use this for more than just earbuds. The magnets are not strong enough for more than lightweight items. The magnets are removable from the stretchy silicone - if you get this for a young child BEWARE. I've not found a purpose that these low strength magnets are helpful for :( And have reduced my rating.
Item was waaay too big
4 of the 6 pairs slipped off my heels, but 2 pair were fine. Not sure why some were OK and others not... It was extremely annoying to have these slip off my heels during the day, requiring me to dig discreetly to replace them. Twice I just took them off and tossed them in the trash at my desk. Definitely not happy with these.
Looks terrible. Not even a peplum!
Look cute at first, and some fit, but some of them are really hard to get into and don't last long. Definitely not a comfortable size 11.
When I ordered this hat I searched for one with an adjustable back closure. Most of the hats have velcro which do not work well for me since I have curly hair and get alot of flyaway pieces which get caught in the velcro. Unfortunately the hat I received has a velcro closure so I was quite disappointed. I wanted to love this hat but this was disappointing. Otherwise the hat itself is made nice and of good quality. It is a slightly large hat so it does need to have an adjustable back.... just not a velcro one.
They are nice but I couldn't get them to stay up they fell down past my knees within minutes of wearing them. Not very impressed at all. Would not buy again.
this was horrible I return it . Was oversized and looked nothing like the pic
The wiring in the middle of the top was not strait. Looked awful on. I would say it fits true to size though!
I love the look and feel of this casual blazer. I am not happy with the quality. I just put this on for the first time and noticed the stitching in the arm is unraveling.
the clips just pop off of my pants, and not all of my pants have belt loops small enough for the latches.
The entire suit only had the tightness material around the belly that's all the rest was thin fabric including the back. It helps only the front abdomen area only.
to my surprising this case broke on my within a month. i had to throw it away. So wasted some unnecessary money on a product that not worth it.
I have to return this, as it does not match ivory dress. It is pure white and I ordered ivory
The faux leather is very clearly not leather. looks like plastic. not surprising given the price point. thought i would give it a shot and maybe be surprised by how it looked. Returning it
My daughter hoped this would have the cats cuddle with her. They run from this shirt.
Not tapered at waist line like picture. Disappointed. Looks cheap. Color not like picture. Will keep but certainly not my fav.
Completely see through - guess it could be used as a bathing suit cover up though
Although the cable knit looks nice, the reverse side of scarf is a cheap thin material and was not worth the money. I did not see how this would keep my child warm enough so I sent the set back.
I did not know this at the time of purchase
Pant material is comfortable, but be careful of the tie at the waist. I washed my pants as soon as I got them and the tie came completely out of the pants during the wash.
Vail was heavy and poor quality.
Overall good especially for the price but fits way too tight. Tried to wear but after awhile became to uncomfortable. Would send back but not worth effort due to low price.
Well made hat but the blue line has a large silver embroidered box around it (looks goofy), not as shown in Amazon. Contacted seller and they do not have any hats as pictured. Hat was returned, still waiting for credit to show up.
This was a disappointment! The fabric was what I expected for a dress this price. The stitching was fine. The neck, however, was too high. What really killed the dress were the pockets. They looked like saddle bags. I gave serious thought on how to fix the dress, but I couldn't be bothered. I carry my weight around my hips so I don't need to add anything to make them look larger. Sending it back.
The elastic was super tight. Cuts off the circulation. Had to remove most of the elastic.
Two words, plumbers crack.
The adhesive is very nice, however the holes for my pull-string ripped the first use. For the price there are so many better options on the market, I will not buy again.
These socks have a really pretty design, but my purpose of purchasing was for trekking/hiking and these were just way too thin for that. If you want a pretty dress sock these will fit the bill but of no use for any thing else. There was no cushion.
Bought an extra-large and they were still too small.
I expected this to be thicker material. The material is thin and am not as pleased with it
They are quite loose.
We loved it, but you will need to buy a size up if your 3 year old is on the bigger side. And the reason for a 2 star is because the gloves are badly made. The fingers don't go in properly and the head peace is nice but the eye cute puts need to be a little bigger so they can actually see out them. It kept sliding up so it would cover his head. But it's nice material and super cute!
The edges aren't seamless, and look as though the glove has been turned inside out. I took pictures as best I could, to show what I'm trying to describe. There are loose ends everywhere, and it seems as though the glove will unravel if I cut the loose ends off. It's a shame; I bought them to give away as Christmas gifts, but will probably be returning them instead. The only reason I gave these gloves 2 stars is because they are extremely thick, and would otherwise be very warm. They're just very poorly knitted together.
Didn't look anything like the picture on except the color.
My wallet came without the insert part where the ID is supposed to go. That is why a purchased this wallet in the first place. I feel I got cheated.
Had issues manufacturer was to replace
Nice but no elastic around the cuff so I was pulling them up all day long.. :(
Worn once. Had already begun to unravel and make holes. Also too small, but luckily stretchy.
Nice hat but definitely NOT slouchy! This is a classic, snug fit beanie.
Not a great buy. I assumed that these would be of a better quality, considering the price. Unfortunately, after 3 uses, there were 2 large holes in my daughter's tights.
Fit was not consistent throughout but great fabric.
Eh gotta Medium and fits like a small.
Bottoms are entirely too large. The top has multiple stray pieces of yarn hanging out and the flower in the middle is literally just tied on with another piece of string. The headband is perfect though, that being the only reason I'm doing 2 stars instead of 1.
The colors were spot on to the picture. The material was thin, but not see through. I returned this shirt because of the tight fit in the waist and thighs. It was long and hit me a little funny on the thighs. It came down very long (mid thigh unlike the picture), but was very tight compared to the fit in the arms and chest area. I am 5'3” 130lbs.
In theory these would be cute and work well. I could only wear them a few times. They shed all over. The material must be cheap. I couldn't wear lip gloss or even chapstick because all day I'd be picking threads and pieces of these gloves off my lips.
It had nice threading, good material, and it looks exactly how it appears online. However, my chunky, 24 lb, soon-to-be 1 year old could not fit in the onesie (no picture) They definitely run small! I wish there was an option where you could get a bigger size, but still have "It's my 1st birthday" on the front. Instead.. the bigger the size, the older the year is on the shirt! I was so disappointed because this was the CUTEST 1st birthday outfit I seen on here :(
This ran way too small. I wore it a couple times and then gave it away.
Did not fit well. Too snug and straps a little long. Returned as they were not going to work.
I bought a pack with 3 shirts, and the black one fits smaller than the other ones. The sizing is inconsistent and I needed this shirts for an event, I had to return everything even though I only need one shirt replaced. Very inconvenient!
The size is not accurate
Ended up returning this item. The quality wasn't reliable enough to wear to my wedding.
Such a pretty pattern and feels great but it's so see through. Material looks like it's too tight on that the pattern looks faded. I can't size up however because it'll be too loose. ☹️
Runs large, it always slips down so I always have to keep adjusting it for tummy control. Pockets are too small for phone
Very cute, but didn't work for my newborn like I hoped. The portion where the flowers are attached is hard and stiff. I was not able to curve it to look right on her head. They do look just like the picture though.
1 of the buttons was off. Not happy about this
Jacket fits large, not at fitted cut. Zippers are weak and feel cheap, plus front zips on wrong side, zips like women's jackets.
Not enough elastic not enough hold keep coming down
Two of the clips broke instantly. Disappointment.
Disappointed! It is a nice lightweight jacket and I loved the color. It did run quite small.
Not very good quality. I'm sending it back.
The dress that came was not like the picture. The style is not for me. My chest is too big for it.
Cute but the inside stitching from the rose irritates my daughters skin wore it once and never again.
huge lint balls. don't think they will last long. plugged up the dryer first wash
I ordered a small in yellow and the dress is way too big for me so I will be returning. The color is a bright sun yellow as compared to the muted yellow they advertise in all of their photos.
Bottom rolls up doesn't stay down as pictured
It's very cute. I liked the lace, it just didn't do anything. I didn't feel lifted or synched.
The tummy control is pretty much no. Existent on this swim suite. The color is nice .
Ordered an X-large which is what I normally wear. To small for my big butt but very pretty and sexy, maybe when I lose weight I'll wear em!
i love the bamboo socks, but these ankle socks slide down and off your feet when you sleep. These are small ankle socks not the above ankle. Keep that in mind
I ordered a 2X and it fits very small. I'm curvy and these are super tight on my thighs. I would advise ordering one size up.
Blech, not nearly as flattering as the photo leads on
The shoulders fit are too tight as are the sleeves. Very disappointed with the overall fit. Not really a big man sizing, but it has been worn hoping to get use to the tightness. I have ordered from another company to replace this garment.
Warm gloves but second time wearing finger came unsewed
I wanted to like this shirt so much, but just no. I opened the package and the first thing I noticed was it was made out of that gross feeling, cheap silk, shiny, makes you sweat just by looking at it material. It was pretty much shapeless, like a scrub top. There is one stitch in that faux knot that holds the entire thing together. ONE. Had the shirt been made out of nicer materials, it probably wouldn't have been immediately returned.
Fabric very thin and I tore two small holes within the first day. They don't seem very durable to wear for general exercise, but they're cheap and fit well.
Cheap material. Fit as expected but the dress is full of lint balls after one wash. Won't hold up for very long.
I'm 6 ft talk and these are too short. They would probably be too short for short people.
Sizing is not accurate. I ordered a Large based upon size recommendations and it still wasn't accurate. This item runs very small and the ruffle detail is not as full as in the picture.
Gathers a lot of hairs and dirts.
Pretty, it had a VERY strong cigarette smoke and perfumy smell when I got it
It's a jacket that fits well and is accurate to the sizing. While the jacket has four breather holes underneath the arms on each side, it does not breathe well. As far as rain protection goes the jacket does exactly what it's supposed to do, it keeps the rain out. However I'm sweating so heavily inside this thing that I might as well not be wearing it. When I take it off my shirt is completely soaked. I'm wearing this in weather that's anywhere from 25 degrees Fahrenheit to 40 degrees Fahrenheit. I can't imagine wearing this thing in warmer weather without turning into a swampy mess. The jacket's very attractive and it looks great it just performs poorly in terms of its breathability.
Disappointed. I picked size M and I'm 5'4, the arm length is ok, however, the overall size of the costume is too baggy and the buttons are too low.
I started out super excited about this product because it actually fit. However then a mysterious pink infant sock fell out from the bag. Just one. And then this one tank was completely stretched out where the padding goes. Seems like someone returned this and it pretty much wasn't touched and sent to me.
When the reviews said "order a size smaller for tighter fit" I ignored it because I figured "loose" meant how the pants looked on the model in the picture, which is what I wanted. As it is, I will have to wear these with a belt way up in the mom jean zone for an acceptable fit. Also, they do have the chemical smell mentioned in another review. Don't usually leave reviews, but as they were so all over the board for this product, I feel it needed further information.
The mask came with a crack down the middle. I attempted to contact the seller with no response & our party was soon. So..... My husband did something so it stayed together & so you couldn't see the crack. Nice mask but we had to rig it up with elastic so it stayed on.
I liked that this lifted my butt but it didn't stay up without rolling. It fits smaller and I even ordered a bigger size.
These underwear are nice and thin but stretch out quite a bit and the band stretches out easily also..not for someone with a butt!
Nice material and stretch but seam in the back was crooked and defected. Not completely pleased with look
Unfortunately this skirt wasn't much of a help for my daughters dress. Also, the middle wire poked out a lot after a couple hours of wearing so it's only good for a one time use (in my case at least). Other than that.. it does fit well and look exactly as the image shows.
Ended up having to return. Product arrived defective, and the sizing was off.. Didn't want to risk purchasing another.
I loved these legging and they fit great, we're not see through. Unfortunately, after the first wash, the lace was completely ruined and can not be worn. My skin looks all weird under the lace parts.
after one wear i would just fall out of the bra.
Yes they are warm. But there is an odor (chemical smell) which is gross (even after a wash). And a weird shine and in the areas where they stretch more you will see weird lines. Just has a really cheap look and feel to it. But they are warm. And snug - and I am 5'4" and 115 pounds.
The shirt is really short in the front and the material is super stiff making it a bit uncomfortable.
Has a weird design and doesn't really work for deeper back dresses.
I never even tried the dress in Zipper was ripped and I forgot to send it back. Ugh. It is still in the trunk of my car ready to be returned. Too late now.
The thickness was more than expected and the width was a little bigger than I was expecting. Overall, I was expecting a much less bulky belt because it is a nylon webbing. The belt is very thick and heavy duty, so I'm not sure this would be very quick drying.
Didnt fit. Material felt cheap.
This dress is no where the size as stated. The fabric is polyester (tshirt) and will stretch over your body..but will not give you the drape as pictured. Dress is well sewn.
Received it, loved it! After 1 wash the material faded and balled some. Too bad - I really liked the dress.
Please help me to return this. I like it. It's very short.
I was really looking forward to comfortable underwear as in the description and reviews. Unfortunately, they are too tight and constricting. I wear a size 7 so I ordered a large which should have been fine. I wore one pair so I can't return them. I'll try to donate the unworn ones. Bummer!
This wig does not look like the picture. It would need a professional hairstylist to make it look that way! It is very shiny and fake looking. I guess you can't expect much for the price, but it looks more ridiculous than a fake halloween wig really should.
These leggings are so soft and the color is exactly as shown. Unfortunately mine came with a ripped seam. Other than that they are great!
Purchased for wedding on short notice . The cup folded on the side no matter how I positioned it . The top of the cups showed In the dress. I really wanted this to work but no matter what I did it just wouldn't. Maybe this has to do with being under 5 foot. Since I had tried it on and repositioned it several time it didn't think it right to return.
It looks good but the first day the little too belt came out and no way to put it back.
Cute bathing suit but the top was larger than what I expected and bottoms were a little tight
Cute bra, but they sent me the wrong size.
Socks do not stay up very well, otherwise fit my foot well. My main disappointment was that I was expecting them to be a bit thicker being 70% cotton. However they were very thin which I don't like. It does not feel like the material will last long as when it stretches onto your foot you can see through it.
Ordered medium petite and they sent me medium maternity. I'm too busy to return this stuff. I work 2 jobs. Very annoying. I'm afraid to order more in case it happens again.
I didn't know it was a wire bra otherwise I wouldn't of bought it. But it does fit sorta ok. Wire keeps poking me.
Nice color to the suit, it's as vibrant as pictured. The suit is made of a thin material, it arrived very wrinkled. It lacks structure to it/support, so I don't think it would be flattering on a curvy body type (as picture in the photo). I have purchased other plus size suits that have ribbing or underwire for support, this has none of that. It's not the kind of material you can iron, so I'm not sure how I will get all the wrinkles out
Cute leggings but slid off my bottom all night long. I'm 5'2” 130lbs and ordered a small for NYE. These leggings made the evening a little uncomfortable. They seemed to fit well, except when dancing. I would have to tug on them afterwards to keep from exposing my bottom. Not sure if I can even wear them again.
I got these to cover my areola under a white top, which of course is about 2-3 shades darker than my skin tone, the covers did match my skin though. But they are sooo transparent it doesn't make any difference. With or without.
I really liked this jacket. After a day or so of wearing it, I noticed the inner lining ripped near an arm. I have also just noticed a large tear in the lining and will be sending this back. It just seems to be poorly made.
I ordered my normal size and felt it was too clingy so I returned it and got a size larger. It fits only slightly better. This fabric reminds me of slick basketball shorts. I am annoyed. Ordered a burgundy one, same size, and it fits great but is thin maxi material.
I like the idea of it's design but the sleeves are short and i find it to be a touch to tight in the chest area and the sleeves. I hardly ever wear it.
Cheap material... interesting design and good color.
Beautiful dress yellow, but completely see through. I am 5'6, 140lbs and the small fit like a glove. I'm so bummed that the material is so see through because I adore this look! I bought it for work so can't justify keeping it. Dang!
Pants were very baggy in the crotch area and the pockets pretty much touch your knees. The material is more of a stretchy nylon than a yoga or stretchy dress pant..
I thought this looked like a classy cocktail dress in the picture, but when I tried it on, it looked more like something a teenager would wear to a school dance. I'm a size 14, and the empire waist made me look pregnant. It fit, so it is true to size, but it was definitely not attractive on my plus-size body and was way too young looking for a woman in her 40s.
The pink pair is very light pink, not like the picture
The product was low quality and it was too large.
Even though the dress fits well, the fabric is not good. The white dress is completely see through, you can see every detail from your under garments. Disappointed.
Shrunk SO much, so so much!!
Product was not made of a spandex material
It's soft and really good looking but it is much smaller than I'd anticipated. It fits around my neck but it defiantly too short to drape across any amount of chest u have. Imagine a fuzzy neck pillow. I will be returning this.
The shorts are excellent, very roomy. However the top has a v-neck that allows cool air to hit the upper chest and the neck. As a senior I am careful to keep these critical areas warm at all times. Sore throats and chest cold could be very serious and lead to even worse. Lastly the fabric does not stretch at all. So I just use a t-shirt with a round neck.
I bought this for a 90's themed birthday party and I was very excited. The quality is great... However, it's huge! I had to return it because it was way too big. The sleeves went well above my hands so, it looked funny when I tried it on. The chest fit perfectly, but everything else fit too big. I wouldn't recommend going a size down because it will most likely be too tight.
Is okay but too hard to get cards out. If you have alot of cards and you push and try to fan them out sometimes cards go flying. would be better without money clip. Elastic for cash would be better.
These didn't work on my phone at all. Oh well. They're nice and warm. Two stars for that.
Looked good at first wear but shrank considerably after drying.
Pros: Soft material; Pretty colors. Cons: For long legs ONLY; Packaging terribly difficult to remove from each pair; Because of difficult packaging, 2 pairs of socks now have pulls. For me, this was not a good buy.
Felt weird didnt sit right and pretty transparent
What is this? A swimsuit for ants?
Runs small and bought the largest size. It's okay but will hand wash and line dry as I can see this shrinking. Hanes you ain't what you used to be.
Overall I'm pretty disappointed in the quality. I liked this jacket a lot when I first recieved it but after wearing it on one backpacking trip it is starting to come apart. It was only actually used on the last day and was packed neatly in the bag for the rest of the time. The velcro patches that are stitched on the jacket are almost completely falling off and are only hanging by a thread. I also found it very odd that the zipper was on the wrong side. The title states that it is mens but every jacket I've ever owned has the zipper on the right side except this one. The only reason it isn't getting a 1 star is because it did protect me from the light rain on the last day. The pants were still not used yet but seem okay.
I got the large and it fit like a tent...way too big.
It is nice looking dress but was having holes near the stitching on frills. Hate to return it but disappointed with quality if fabric
The fabric is a heavy almost sweater type material so it isn't great for a cool summer dress. The pattern looked faded straight out of the box. Two stars for a good fit, but I returned it due to how cheap it looked on.
I'm not sure why or how these are getting great reviews? These are terrible, junk! They do not fit as shown. I ordered a large because I wanted a looser fit as shown in the photo. The only way you're going to get the fit pictured is if you are no larger than a size 8 and then order the large. Additionally, the cut is not symmetrical. One leg was cut high in the back, low in front but the other leg opening was the same all the way around. I really can't say enough as to the very low quality. I bought these based on the great reviews but have no idea how others reviewed them so highly.
Absolutely not a quality product and a sweatshirt is warmer.. poor fit also..
comfy but very see through
Felt very soft but was 2-3 sizes smaller then it said
see through on back and too small when I ordered them
Cheap shorts and it shows. Literally tore a hole in the seam after 3 days of use. Learned my lesson in terms of quality vs. price
Looks nothing like the picture, colors are off, very dissapointed
I didn't notice the neck ruffle in the pictures before ordering, I didn't really like that detail. If you are small chested this is not really the dress for you. I normally wear an xs sometimes small so I thought I would try this dress but the small was way too big and a bit longer than I expected. Think this would be cuter for someone taller with a chest to fill it out. For reference I am 5'4” 120 lbs with a barely A cup.
This dress is poor quality, cheaply made, flowers are all bunched together at the bottom of the dress. okay for a play dress but I'm certain if I need to wash this it will completely fall apart
It didn't fit right.
Poor quality dress, the material is too thin and I found the dress to be too uncomfortable.
The material of this shirt is very nice and slick. I really liked the design. However the size of the shirt is way off. I bought an triple x shirt only to find out it fits like an extra large. So the size of the shirt would be my only disclaimer. Just be aware when you by this product you will need at least two or three sizes up from your original size.
Ordered the sweatpants twice and with such good reviews didn't think there would be any issues. Order #1: Ordered the small marled navy sweatpants....Fit was great but the color was more gray than blue so returned. Order #2: Ordered the small heather gray sweatpants.....Color was great but the fit was too big, despite the previous small sweatpants being a perfect size (I saw another review where sweatpants sizes were not consistent as well) In both instances I was fully reimbursed (good customer service) but the products did let me down and will be looking somewhere else.
The stitching is weak and poorly done, and the cut and size are wrong. They're small, have a very low-rise cut and narrow thighs. They've already split at the crotch after one wearing.
I ordered a 53 inch belt and they sent me a 45 Now it's a pain in the butt to return it and get The right one
The sizing is a bit tight.
They sent two left handed gloves but other than that they were good.
These are paper thin doubt they will last more than a couple months before holes will wear through.
While rinsing my hands off at work, some water splashed on the tie. This caused a stain on the tie, which is sort of ridiculous. At some point every tie will get some sort of water on it, whether it's from rain or a sink. For that to then leave a stain means this product is subpar for me.
The sequence is very itchy under the arm and uncomfortable. I ended up returning it.
Fits like a normal t shirt. There is nothing maternity about it. There is no extra fabric to pull over your butt or to help expand with a growing bump.
This doesnt hold things. Any money or cards in the large pocket will fall right out. I regret ordering this thing.
Its cute. Loved it at first. Only used it for a couple weeks and the glitter is coming off all the edges and looks terrible! Its a shame because i was super excited for a glittery one. Its definitely not yhe quality i expect from mundi. Ive only purchased my big fat wallets for a couple years now but i think ill have to switch brands after this.
Poor quality, vest had a hall in it.
Padding made led to gaps.
I bought this item for my daughter birthday pool party. Very bad quality. Like cheap and the top very big on my daughters body. Not happy with this purchase
Not true to size. I am usually a size Medium so I ordered Large to go on the safe side and still didn't fit. Plus I ordered the navy blue and it was completely different from the image. What a disappointment
The size two that cane are way too big, bigger than size threes in Gerber brand. Cute, but look a little cheap in quality, but where a low price so as expected. Too bad they don't have them smaller.
I really liked this bra, it fit great which many of don't, but after owning it for less than two months it's already broken. There is a hook on the strap that attaches to the back and it broke off. The hook allows the straps to be warn criss-cross if you want - which I never did - but the down side is the hook easily bent, would hook onto shirts I wore, and then the strap would come off. Many times I would have to bend the hook back in shape in order for the strap to stay attached. This morning the hook finally broke. It's such a bummer to finally find a sports bra that fits and seems to be supportive enough to be able to run in it only to have it break in less than two months.
The textile of this shirt is not made of cotton, but cheap looking textile. I would not have bought it if I had seen it offline. I chose because of the design, but I don't think the texture of this clothing is appropriate for the young children. I am dissatisfied with this purchase.
Attractive-looking belt but what an awful stink it gives off! I am hoping the rank smell eventually dissipates.
Not sized correctly, unless you have a small build.
It's cute and I got a couple of wears out of it, but the seam at the neck came undone after the third wash.
C cup ran larger than other vanity fair bras. Was more like a D. Straps are short but do not fall down. Less of a sports bra and more of a hybrid casual + T-shirt wire free bra; average support. Net breathable fabric between cups in front works well to keep you dry. Four hooks in back. Well made. Rather comfortable if the short straps do not bother you, but they are lightly padded. Last fitting in Jan 2018 measured 46" band. Here 44 fit well. Will reorder but will go down one cup size. Have not washed more than 3 times so I'm not sure how it will wear over time. So far it seems okay.
It was way too small. Medium is not 6-8. I would go up a size. Felt I had to leave a review bc when I was purchasing this there was no indication on the fit of this costume.
I ordered this dress after reading about it on Buzzfeed and was excited to receive it in the mail. Opened the package, all seemed okay, went to wear it a few days later and it had a torn hem right at the collar. Potentially could have been fixed by someone who is skilled at sewing, but I was not willing to do that. Fabric was thin, but in a nice way. Felt nice on, but the waist was an empire on me - it sat right below my breasts and was uncomfortable for the short time I was trying it on. It was mostly flattering, but sort of puffed out by my butt/hips in a way that wasn't great from the back. Wanted to love it, but it just wasn't right!
It's ok. I think it's not worth the price considering the cheap material. It's way too short and I'm just 5ft 6in. I ordered XL and it hugs my frame too closely so consider buying a size up. leggings are needed under it, at least for me so that it looks decent, especially from the back and in the crotch area. Not worth the trouble sending it back but I'd never order another one either.
The color is perfect but they do Run smaller and the material is a little cheap
I wear Dickies 2xl tall T-shirts all the time and they fit really well. So I ordered the Henley in the same size. The 2xl Tall was much shorter in length than the T-shirts are so I am dissapointed that I can't wear this.
Didn't fit like it was supposed to.
A little too small, didn't look right. Returned it.
I love the patterns and they seem to be well made but the are teeny tiny. I wear a size 9 shoe and there is no way I would be able to get them on. Sadly I will have to return.
These would probably be nice tights if the sizing was accurate. I'm a size 12, I could get them on, but could not.....at all....wear them because they are way too small. The picture showing how stretchy the waist band is, is VERY inaccurate.
Cheap thin leather and the metal buckles and loops match in quality. On the larger size, Im using the 2nd tightest hole. For what it costs though its not worth the time or shipping to return and I guess I will wear it occasionally just not as nice as I was looking for.
But the top offers no coverage and the cups in it, even when adjusted, look just damn weird. No support whatsoever. Bottoms are great, kept the suit hoping to pair the bottoms with something else (haven't found anything yet, as the color is quite different and bold) Figure I could wear the top as a tank top with a bra. Disappointing
Cute concept, but the hat won't hold shape. Glad I only needed it for a few hours.
Way too small and thinner than expected.
These seemed like a good option if you are not a larger chested woman. They were well made but were so long they fit like a dress and the shelf bra was way to small to serve any real purpose. The shelf bra got in the way of wearing a real bra so just not practical. The material was nice and I think if I were a different size they would have worked well. Give it a try if you are looking for a long tank with limited bra support for nursing.
These are terrible uncomfortable and tmi but they make you crotch really sweaty and caused a lot of chafing.
VERY thin, so be careful. I wear a Large, but ordered an X-Large to be sure since it's 100% cotton, it WILL shrink. Not worth the money. You can get something better at Walmart much cheaper, better quality. Went back the following day it came in for a refund.
Love the look of the dress, but the bust is too tight. I'm 5'2” and it felt a little short at the knee along with feeling like it is short in the armpits. That combo is what has made me not wear it more than once because I feel like I'm about to have a panic attack.
Not true to size at all. Im normally a size 5 so I purchased a Medium thinking it would fit but when i tried on the pants i think even a size small would be to big.
I followed a lot of people's advice on here and ordered a size up from what I usually would wear.... BIG mistake! I usually wear size L tops and size 12 bottoms, so I decided to order 14 to make sure I had room to layer underneath. I pulled the coat out of the plastic bag it came in and it looked huge. I tried it on and I could completely overlap the front pieces that should zip together and had about 2 in of extra room in the sleeves. For ref. I am 5'8'' and 190 lbs. I would imagine someone shorter/stockier at this size would fit better but the proportions were way off for my tall hourglass shape. I will have to return and order a size 10 or 12 instead.
So look......any elite waver knows to wear their durag inside out so they don't get a huge line long down the middle of their head. But with this durag it's only velvet on one side which I understand why because you don't want to put velvet on your hair. But since the velvet is on the top side of the durag instead of the inside you can't wear the rag inside out. Also the tail of the durag always rolls up like a scroll when u wear it
Looks nice and is good quality, but this is for a child!! So small and will not fit an adult unless your head is TINY
Didn't like the fabric and the stitching around the neck was very visible.
Super cheap build. Very thin. Don't even want to wear it for fear it will break. Making a good decoration for my lasso and hat rack
Fit fine but it felt like I was wearing a table cloth.
The elastic in the waist band was not sufficient causing the string adjustment to be too difficult to use properly.
The material is nice and for a small B cup, the support is good. However, even though I have broad shoulders, this top was STILL way too broad, cutting into my armpits. The breadth between the straps was too much for my liking.
Shipping and time i received it was great. Material felt very strong and durable but the size was all wrong. I thought i ordered it in a 2x but it was a medium. Im in the process of returning it for the correct size
Normally love these, but must have gotten a bad batch. Threads started coming undone after the first wash
These jeans we're extreamly baggy only in the back of my thighs. It was not a mom Jean baggy, it was Ill fitting baggy. Jeans fit everyone differently so maybe it will be different for you, but good luck! 😅
Length is shorter than it appears in the picture. Also the ends of the sleeves are super skinny. My arms are not big, but these were so tight I could barely make them go above my wrist. The actual sweater us very pretty and appears well made. I am returning due to the tight sleeves.
Very big. And rather see-through.
Getting the package, it was almost forgotten that I had ordered the ears for a costume some time back. Once opened, the outer "fur" is very soft and plush, almost like rabbit fur. On the inside though, very poor quality. Left over pieces of fabric that were trimmings, loose threads sticking out, one ear is unevenly sewed at the top, they almost look like they were inverted! Will have to alter, but would not buy again 👎
The quality is nice but the fit was way off.
Wow! It's very cute! But, it runs very very small. I got a large it fits like a small though!!!
Items are smaller than expected.
I really thought there would be some elastic around the waist, it's difficult to tie tight enough to stay up and if you pull too hard on the strings ... RIP. The fabric is comfortable and soft, I just don't think it's made very well but I do have some great window rags now!
The color didn't match picture
There was no padding and the cups were very thin. I was uncomfortable because there was no support.
The material kinda sucks, def not a true thermal. I have a short upper body, I'm 5'6" and 160. I ordered a large and this is almost too small, all around. None of the snaps, snap well and two of them don't at all. However, if it was just a tad bigger I feel it would be perfect, there are no fit issues such as the form of the garment being cut incorrectly. With all that being said, my husband LOVES IT. Though I will still be requesting an exchange, as out ready is just uncomfortably tight.
It's cute & the bra fits well . But the underwear is way too small . I had a 36D bra & the underwear were like tiny . It's was really pretty though .
Washed it and one side is uneven and seam is buckled!
I have major curves in the upper thigh area and the XL fits like a medium.
The legs on these are loose and short, I'm 5'6” and ordered a Medium, I washed these in cold and air dried them because I knew the material would shrink.
The dress I received is not the one I ordered. However it is beautiful and well made. It is very short in the back. The dress I ordered was black and gold and this one is silver with Iridescent Purplish greenish sequins. This means the accessories I ordered will not match and this is kind of upsetting.
looks and feels like a great bra. However, it was two sizes too small even with measuring
This shirt arrived with a stain. I am bummed because it is cute, fits well, and is soft, but the dark spot is obvious and looks like dye. It was wrinkly which is fine a quick steam will smooth it out but I don't think the stain will come out. Sending it in I will lose half the price of the shirt since it would cost $.
The Hanes panties have nice colors and the tagless marking is great, BUT a size 8 XL is undersized. The panties fit when you put them on but when you sit down, they slide down quite a bit and as a result are uncomfortable. I kept hoping they would stretch, but they are 100% nylon so they don't stretch. Disappointed.
I liked the outfit. But its like they give different Sizes for the skirt and top. The top fit perfect (I wear medium) but the skirt was definitely a small. Will not be ordering from here again.
Pocket squares are way too small. Nice designs tho
The size came way to big and I buy the same size on every other pair of pants
I bought three pairs of these pants in L/XL for myself. Two of them (the black and the black with white elephants) are fine and sized the same. The third pair (in color "midnight") was obviously smaller. Just holding them up with the other two pairs, the waist is SEVERAL inches smaller. I thought maybe they were just more severely smocked (they have elastic smocking in the waist, which makes the sizing pretty flexible), but the fabric itself - even outside the smocked area - was much tighter than the other two pairs. It's as if they are mis-labeled (because the label does say L/XL). It's a bummer - I've bought a lot of these pants in this brand and others, and I am rarely disappointed, but this sizing is so far off that I have to write a negative review. (I'm also going to write positive reviews of the other colors, though, because when the fit is accurate, these pants can be great.)
He was too short and too tight
They shrunk noticeably after washing. Would not recommend.
I bought a 18 which is typically my size. But the fit was not right! A little to big and it makes you look like a balloon. The sequence feels itchy. Sorry but I have to return.
Smaller than presented in photo not roomy-will not close with alot of things in it. Have to carry the bare minimum
Product said 100% cotton so I bought on Amazon because the tie dye online store was out and had rave reviews of this particular shirt not having poly stitching. Well, I just started the background color on the new tie dye and guess what? The stitching is still white. ruined the whole project.
Pretty sleeves, but no hug at all in the shirt. Look like a box.
Works fine but I order the X-large as suggested for a 42" waist and this belt size just barely came together. Next time I would order the next size up.
There are no snaps!!!! Couldn't get It on him!!
I loved these so much, because they were so comfy, but they didn't last long. They became pill-ridden, dog-hair magnets after a few months. I had to get rid of them.
I really liked the dress BUT again the marked size is NOT accurate. Very disappointed.
I purchased these pajamas as a Christmas gift and they fit perfectly until they were washed. I was so disappointed. I would not recommend them.
The material is very soft and the fit was very nice, we live in Hawaii and it was just too hot to wear here as we go into summer.
They changed factories in Haiti, didn't they? Now the undies are higher from crotch to waist but narrower from hip to hip. Tighter around the thighs as well. Always a gamble when one orders from an unpredictable foreign manufacturer....
They are too thin for my taste.
This is made of sweatshirt material. Its thick that way but cheap looking. Like what a cheaper version of what boys 2 men would wear back in the day. I was hoping for it to look like a nice stylish sweater & not a walmart special. Very disappointing.
When the dress isn't on (front and back layers are touching) it is see through. At least mine is in purple. It will require a slip underneath. It is soft and true to the picture
These are not kid gloves. No way, no how. If that's what you're looking for, keep looking. I know it says, "Free Returns" next to the price, but that's not true. The cost of shipping is deducted from the refund. That's definitely not free.
Sadly have to give it 2 stars. It's such a cute outfit but too big. My son wears 12-18 so I got the 12-18 was excited when I received it. Turns out it was way too big it would of probably fit a 3year old. I reorder to a 9-12 months was still too big and the shirt was like pinkish :(
Pregnancy is uncomfortable enough. Maybe this was designed well and I just don't have the grit, but it was so excessive, hot, restrictive. I thought it was sized a bit small. I returned.
Zipper got stuck an broke off after only a few times using it.
This shirt was an XL everywhere but the shoulders. WAY to tight for even someone who wears a Large. Am sending back for lack of fit...
Costume fit except for mask eyes which were centered over the forehead instead of the eyes. You have to pull mask down to center them but the mask has a natural tendency to ride up somewhat and this requires more adjustment.
I have regular suspenders. But this one takes time to get use to, and rubs against your chest and sides..
The dress was a nice fit but I felt like the fabric was cheap and the print was terrible! It was cheap and not as picture. Fabric was not very soft either.
These are waaaaay too small. I ordered the size I would normally wear in pants and I can't even pull them up past my thighs. Unfortunately I couldn't get around to returning them within the 30 days so I'm stuck with them. I just gave them to my mom (who is FIVE pants sizes smaller than me) and they are even snug on her. Just a heads up. They are super small. I ordered the XXL and they barely fit my mom who wears a size 14.
I wanted to love it but it was very see through. The fit was very cute but needs to be better lined.
Size was perfect though.
Fits well but the material is very thin. Once you put it on and it stretches the leggings become practically see through. I can wear them at the house but I can't wear them in public.
They are comfortable and soft but there is ZERO COMPRESSION. I should have sized down. I am 5'7 175lbs and usually wear size 12 - 14 so I purchased size 12/14 but I should have purchased "one size" If I would have been able to try them on in store I dont think I would have bought them. They also show every line of your underwear.
I always wear a large. This large was huge and the bottom leg part was very wide. It had a weird fit, I might try to order the mediums and see how those go because they had potential, but we'll see. Just okay.
These socks stay warm for 2-4 hours not 12 like that was advertised.
Love the concept, but it is way to big and way to long. So unfortunately, it is not holding anything in and the metal pushes into my upper thighs all day.
Did not last long and straw start to brake. I will not recommend it.
Smelled, stiff, and too small in the arms. Bought a size XL. I am a large. Was not oversized just frumpy
I have found that Gerber is on the smaller side of baby sizing overall. LO grew out of these super quick and the cotton is not great. Would not order again -
TUMMY CONTROL WAS TOO TIGHT! I'M RETURNING AND WILL LOOK FOR OTHER YOGA PANTS
I ordered an XL, received what feels like a Medium at most. Other than that, I thought the print and cut were great. Will have to give it to someone quite a bit smaller than me.
Too much material - looks like a tent. Too short, too, for my taste.
Sleeves are shorter than in the picture.
Soo these are very soft easy to get on but my goodness the top goes like 4in above my belly botton
These shirts shrunk a full size.
Top area of the hat is too small. It would fit a pin head really great though! So all you circus freaks out there... This is the hat for you!!!
The neck hole is extremely small? The colors in reality don't look the same, and the really irritating part is around the small neck hole are little glue glitter dots which I'm sure were intended to make it sparkle- but feel scratchy and make my neck itch.
Yuck! Looked like a night gown on me. I gave it to my MIL who is taller and a little broader than me.
They are cute in person. I bought the xl and they fit my daughter who is a size 4/5. Very disappointed in fit.
This product was sold as a large. It was way to small a medium at best.
I bought in light blue color which is beautiful! I ordered a size up so it was more flowey. However the dress is very sheer! Even with a slip everything shows through. Also wrinkles and even after hanging to dry it looks frumpy. I got it for a beach trip and after two failed wears I think it's a okay cover up and an excellent nightgown!
Didn't like the fabric
definetly not as cute as the picture made it seem, it is a rip off design.
Size not properly measured. Need to order 1 size larger for correct fit.
Cute concept, but my husband wears an XL and this XL was too small for him - too tight.
Came very late and did not have the arm bones on sleeve
Uncomfortable slippers. Awkward shape that doesn't fit well on a human foot. I just realized I missed the return window and I'm so sad. Waste of money.
Definitely fit smaller than expected from size charts. I returned.
Not a bad looking or functioning product, but the very first time I clipped my keys in it, the horse fell off.
I did not like these shorts. They are almost cute, but are so stiff and uncomfortable. There is a lot of fabric in the crotch area that is very bulgy and can sometimes give you a camel toe. The back is really cute and flattering but the front is so uncomfortable I had to return them. They also don't even go to your belly button so they are not very high waisted.
This was pretty. I am a size 18 and a 36DDD. I bought the xxl and it did not fit around the hips. It fit more like a shirt. I got it in purple, the color is pretty.
loved item pants were long enough to wear with small heel as I had intended, but I normally wear a size 1 and this item fell straight off my hips in small
It fit well but i went to take it off and the side ripped right up the seam. It's cute but not made very well
Way too small. And they are cut so low in the front my lady parts practically hang out.
It's not flexible at all and edges sort of stick out but it did stay on.
Great fit and a super cute top! But realized there was a hole around the neck as I put the shirt on to wear for the first time. Had to throw away
The item isn't as nice as the photo it fits me nicely but the material cheap
Color not as bright or as expected.
Ran tight, except baggy on legs and not really skinny at ankle. Super bummed.
Tight in the boobs! Looks great otherwise. I have big ones, if yours you C or less you'll be fine.
I followed the size chart, as the reviews recommended, and still got a size way too small.
I am 5'6” and 170lbs - I purchased a large as I am usually a medium, definitely glad I did. The size fit fine, however the product is not at all what I expected. The material is very strange. It is kind of a dry-fit / plasticy material that does not really stretch. The color was a lot more pink than the pictures represent. Don't expect this romper to be like the pictures.
it almost seems as though this was child sized...
If it was my size it would've been perfect. So order two or three sizes up
These aren't black they are purple and the splattered paint is not neon as advertised. Being colorful and neon are different. They are soft and fit ok, just not at all what was advertised or what I am looking for.
This product runs small and it is poor quality. The top is very pretty but the bottom looks like it has been shuts cut off and not finished.
Good material but somehow large for the intended size. Wider neck opening which i don't like.
Regular socks, not real quality. Fuzzed up after washing. I do not recommend. Your feet deserve quality socks. I recommend Stance performance socks.
First, the package photo shows the microfiber style, but the description is comfort style. The legs are just a minimal amount of gathering in a flimsy looking serged seam. That may reduce seam bulk under leggings, but I can't imagine the leg openings holding their shape. (See other review.)
Pants ripped in the crotch, the second time I wore them, just while walking. They were about a size smaller than listed, anyway, but I needed them for two events I was attending, and wouldn't have time to return them for a larger size.
I really liked he color, however the bra was way too small. I ordered my regular size, but it was way too small. Sent back.
That sure was a great length, but the armholes are way too big. Extra material stuck out from my arms. I would say at least an inch or more under each arm bagging out. Had the armholes been smaller, I definitely would have kept the shirt. It is just too much material under the arms. Too bad. I returned it.
Loved the color but the material was very lightweight and it ran extremely large.
Cheap and flimsy. A single event costume at best.
Product is very comfortable and fits will. But sadly it has begun to fall apart rather quickly. 8 months and I'm already needing to replace them. The band material doesn't appear to be of good lasting quality.
This was an ok sticky bra. Lasted one wear really good then went downhill. Definitely not one to keep long term but a one wear for the price is worth it. It runs a bit small I would have sized up.
They are just what we wanted. But they came in an envelope. A very small envelope. The antlers were folded and now have a permanent crease. Pretty disappointing for $20. Amazon, your packaging sucked.
This should be labeled as an adult sweatshirt. The small is for a small woman, not for a child.
Not Assorted!! 😕 The boxers I received we're not the same shown in the picture, I'm okay with that. Although I'm very dissapointed that 2 of them are identical to two there's in the pack which makes it a waste having 6. I want to return the 2 identical ones and get different colors/patterns
Acts exactly like a regular belt. Didn't stay up at all.
The sweater is cute but I ordered a small and it came one size. Why have a size selection if it's going to come one size anyway.
Lace around shoulder/ above the chest hangs off of body. It is cut very strangely. Not sure what type of body this was made for. No belt like described. I can't say it's too large though the shorts are incredibly tight and my butt is practically hanging out. For frame of reference I'm 5'1, 115 lbs and I ordered a medium.
Without having these analyzed in a lab, I can't say how much cotton is in these socks, but cotton isn't this stretchy, nor does cotton sparkle under a light. Texture is a bit rough. Not very comfortable. Not really happy with these.
The inner fabric is very narrow and not sewen, it rolls in when walking and feels very irritating. Legs and waist feels comfy, but wouldn't want to wear it often because of the inner fabric.
Too easy for your pet to chew off the dangles
I am rather tall at 5 feet 11 inches so perhaps this is part of my problem. I may have a longer than average torso. The shaper is too short for me to cover the abdominal area and it meets at my navel and pushes all my weight to the place I wanted to hide. It also is not the material I imagined. It feels more like spandex shorts from the 80's or lycra style undies. I was sad because reviews had me excited for this item and I did not get what I expected.
Loved the print. However the back came unstitched, leaving a big hole. I had hand stitch the waistline .
These shrink so much that after a few washes they don't fit at all, especially through the seat of the pants. I am very unhappy with them.
Shipped wrong. I ordered the cut below this as it would match almost all other socks I own. Not worth sending back. Also I did not open this packaging, this is how it was delivered and there was no damage to anything else in the container.
This cardigan did not arrive as pictured. It is really boxy and the back swoops WAY down in a weird way.
Product runs small and is uncomfortable . Based on the tags on mine and shown by others, I'm also worried whether these are real or fake. Would appreciate some assurance from Amazon
Way way too small, lucky my daughter could wear it so it's hers. The quality seems OK though.
I liked these pants for 6 months then they started to fade very badly and they lost their shape as well. i wore them regularly in a pool for physical therapy.
The cut was too small. I gifted it to a friend. If you buy, I'd recommend you go up a size.
It's okay. I wanted something comfy and cute to wear after a shower and while putting my makeup on. I have a pretty large chest and unfortunately didn't allow me to tie up and be completely covered :( Cute but not for me
About 2 sizes too small
I have glasses that don't seem to stay on my face when I bend over and constantly slide down my nose. I don't like Croakies behind my head and can't stand dope ropes, so I thought this might be a solution. I was totally disappointed. This product did not solve the problem and annoyed the hell out of me. They slid around on my glasses and therefore failed completely to be anti-slip as advertised. They were also not "soft", but fairly stiff which was probably why they failed to be anti-slip. Save your money.
constuction good already owned a pair. size of these way off. already owned same glove size lg perfect fit. sent back for extra large still too small. gave up and returned
Bought a pair of these leggings but different pattern before. wanted a pattern to wear on Christmas instead of jeans or other tight fitting pants in case I over ate and my regular pants were too tight. Thought i would get a holiday pattern but these really don't look too much of a christmas trance, more like a square trance. will keep them but just the pattern fell flat.
Very thin and run small
I ordered two and one is a lot smaller than the other. I wouldn't recommend this because you have no idea if it will fit and the shipping took a month.
It fits well and goes on easily but it is too thin and rips easily after touching almost anything. Will have to buy another one (not this one though) as after 4 wears it is no longer presentable to be worn.
I have been a Gildan customer for years. My last order for these premium boxer briefs changed that. I will admit that they haven't sacrificed the comfort, but the gaudy appearance of the waistband and now current downgrade to a stamped label has shown me that I can no longer trust the product. I was about the restock my supply of T shirts but now I have to search for a new brand. A SHAME
Unfortunately, they look like pajamas. I was disappointed and returned it.
They were ok, but way too small for the size I supposedly ordered.
Looking for a sun hat for my 6 year old. Read all the reviews of this hat and many others and took a chance on this version. The material is soft and breathable, however the hat barely fits his head and there is no way the neck strap would ever be an option. Would have returned it but camp required that a hat be sent.
the size large for this shirt is like xxl
not true to size, measurements are off.
the fabric of these pajama's are bla and not something I would purchase again. What happened to 100% cotton pjs?
Washed them, very small like a loin cloth. Tossing these out, not much room at all for me. Might work for some folks.
My daughter loved the pajamas when I gave them to her but once she got them on for bed she immediately had to take off the shirt because the design sewn to the front (the unicorn) made the shirt too "scratchy" to wear. Really unfortunate, since I have already washed the item for wear.
Its kinda cute but it looks really different from the picture. I ordered one size up and its kinda long and a Lil big. It looks like a church dress.
They are the worst ever.,very small,very bad fabric,that don't even look like handkerchief, so if you don't want a bad experience, don't buy this puede of garbage.
Most important to know: these are tight leggings that I guess work well under a dress for little girls. I thought I was buying a set of cheap pants to use while potty training my son. So this may be what you're looking for if you want some leggings, but not sweatpants.
Cheap polyester, won't sit on my head, but instead, constantly rides up and becomes pointy. And it already has a hole in the seam. Don't.
They were super visible through my shirt , more than a nipple would be and i only had it on for 3 minutes when I decided to take it off , and it almost ripped my skin it was so stuck .
Looks ok. The tag had the adhesive side stuck to the pants. If you aren't careful, you may tear the pants when trying to get the tag off...bad packaging...
Normally rompers don't fit me because I have a long torso. This did not fit. I ended up giving it to a friend and it was perfect on her. I do normally wear an XL in rompers and she's normally a Medium
Bunny not the same size as shown above. It's small and oddly placed on the actual romper. Very disappointed
These bras are very comfortable for basic support and look very flattering for a sports bra, but unfortunately there is zero support for anything with a lot of movement like running, Zumba or even an elliptical. My regular bras have more support. That said, I'm not returning mine because they are quite comfortable for around the house or yoga-type exercise. For reference, I'm a 40 DDD.
I returned it. I didn't like it on me.
The shorts are absolutely beautiful when you get them on, however I had to literally bust the zipper off in order to remove the shorts because the zipper got stuck and wouldn't budge 🤦🏾‍♀️ Basically the zipper is crap and needs work!
Cute and comfortable. Seam ripped after one use.
One of the 3 pair was the correct size. The other 2 we're too large. Also these are advertised as men's and women's. The product is basically men's with size consideration for men and women. The fabric is OK, but I wouldn't buy again because of the size issues.
this socks are made with very thin fabric. it's not made for cold weather.
Only 1 tag for $8.00 is pricey and the think about a different way to secure the tag so it can easily removed and attached to another luggage.
For the price the quality should be better. I ordered the black (25 steel Bones) corset and at first it was firm I have now had it for a month and have rarely worn it and it has started to lose its sturdiness and stiffness. If I knew there was not much difference in materials used between the different corsets I would've gotten the cheaper version.
These leggings are soft and opaque enough to wear under tunics. They are warm and fit well. But the problems start after about 3-4 washes (I only air dried). They pill something awful and look gross. Hair and fuzz start to stick to them. Throwing them away now, too costly for leggings that only look good the first few wears and now it's too late for me to return them.
I'm a 36DD (US). Based on the sizing chart I should fit a large. That is not the case! The cups on the large are way too small. Maybe the busty large will be a better fit. 2 stars because the fit sucked but the quality and material were good.
The mesh ripped as soon as I put the bottoms on. Definitely explains the price.
Although these socks are adorable, they Do have seams. My granddaughter was not able to wear the because she could feel and see the seam.
I have had the sweater for 7 months and I already sewed it twice and now there is another hole!!! I really love this cardigan sweater but I don't think the quality is worth it. Very disappointed in this product.
these would be cute but the design on the fabric stretches with your body so if your thighs aren't super tiny the guns become ENORMOUS.
size up, but I felt like if I did the top would be too big
Nice underwear but way too big for our son. The size doesn't match up.
I was expecting it to be made sturdier, but it is made with a soft material and does not really hold its form when inside my purse. The color is nice though with lots of pockets to put all the little items I carry in my bag. I just wish it was more structured so I dont have to constantly re-arrange my wallet, eyeglass case, and makeup bag every time i remove it from my bag.
Not name brand and colors are not bright
I bought the black, white, grey 3 pack in an XL, the same size I wear in normal shirts. The tops are opaque, flowy, and a nice length. Unfortunately the armholes are huge and leave my side exposed from my underarm to my waist. Really disappointed in these, because nowhere did the product images (or reviewer photos!) show this, and if the arm holes were smaller the tops would be perfect.
Order up 2 sizes, very thin, mine has no button holes.
The material does not feel soft at all, there are a few loose ends, that I think will become undone in the wash. The print is cute, but not worth the scratchy itchy feeling for the price.
Oh my oh my, this us the second pair because I had to exchange the first pair as the button hole was closed, leaving no way to button them. The send second pair arrived just the same. My neighbor is a seamstress so she cut it but what a pain and she's not sure it will hold up long. Not a happy customer.
Poorly constructed, bottoms were sewn weird and fit small, but the top was a bit baggy.
They are cute I just wish it was tru to size
This looked adorable on and was flattering, however, it was sheer. Completely sheer. so i had to return it.
It is very warm but the stitching came apart within the first week.
Not what I was looking for. Made cheap cheap. Not a buy.
It's very pretty, and it worked wonderfully well for the costume ball I got it for, but it is all held together by a single glob of adhesive in the center. It got too hot sitting in the car on the way home, and came apart completely. It should be salvageable, but I'll have to find a better fastening system at the center. I guess you get what you pay for.
decent quality, but dear lord! No one but a third grader could fit into these shorts! Get at least two sizes larger than your usual size.
Would have been nice to have a proper holding case to keep these together. Came as displayed. I almost cut my hand on the sharp pieces of plastic taking them out of the little bubble wrapped envelope. Good product, but should work on your packaging.
At first I liked this dress. Great for breastfeeding and wearing around kids because it's black so it's hard to stain it. But after a few weeks, it naturally stretched and the dress now has an open space below my chest. The top is supposed to overlap it but doesn't anymore. So now it's only good for wearing around my house with a shirt underneath
Size was way off ordered large for women size
Ordered small and they were huge!
the neck is a too short to stay up.the colors are Not bright like in the picture.it is more like it's kids socks than for adults.only the thickness was a good point to me.
Cute top but too small for my granddaughter. You do not offer to exchange for a bigger size so not much else to do. If I wrap it up to return for refund I am out more time and money.
Product was never received
Very soft, warm, and opaque, and fit was TTS. I'm 5'2”, 120 lbs (pear-shaped), and I bought sm/med. Problem is I wore them twice and they pilled on the hips and thighs (not due to washing). I couldn't wear them after that except as pajama bottoms. Next! :(
Bought this as a gift for my son for Christmas. He really liked it but was a bit too small for him so I have to return it for a bigger size. Good quality. Smooth texture.
Does not look as good as picture lighter red. Not good quality
Size med suddenly increased length and now is to big.
The material is very thin and very see through. The picture does not do much justice to the shape and material.
I can't agree with all the positive reviews. I can literally put them on and either one or both socks will come off the heel before I can walk across the room to put my shoes on. If you're wearing a tight pair of shoes they'll stay on if you're careful, but any aggressive movement and you'll be pulling them out of the bottom of your shoes.
Thin and sheds like crazy
Too big honestly. I like my old bandanas better, even if these have some interesting colors
The graphics felt like sticky plastic and smelled strong. The fit was ok. It just felt sloppy when it was on. I guess it wasn't terrible, just not for me.
I bought a shirt in black & a shirt in white. Not sure why white one shrunk and black didn't. I don't wash things on hot so I suggest you wash on cooler temp and don't dry in dryer. I used it for my kids musical so I didn't care, but it won't fit at all in a few months.
The dress is made of very thin clingy fabric. Doesn't end up looking nearly as good as it does on the model.
I order it and was to small it's not a large more like a extra small very upset.
So updated review. My vest just stopped working all together while using a 20,000 mah anker battery (2 different ones so it's not the battery) it would power on, cycle through the colors and then shut off. Very frustrated as I have been using it for work and it's not even a month having it.
Shirt looks nice but way too small. I will wait to see if I can wear it when I lose some weight. My advise dont bank on size chart.
Socks are fine. Packaging was open and several socks were very dirty.
Ordered the Mahogany color. Looked good out of the box with a decent finish. The buckle itself is a darker gunmetal gray, so be aware of that if you're trying to pair it with a tie clip. Unfortunately, even though I ordered a 34 (I'm a 32 waist), the belt was so short that it wouldn't even reach the first hole, let alone the third where it should have reached. As far as the leather goes, this is just two pieces of leather bonded to an unknown filler. No $20 made-in-China belt is going to be 100% full grain leather, so don't expect this stand the test of time.
This product is far below what I was hoping for. The material is very thin and feels cheap. There is no liner between the cups and the lace so they can be seen right through. The cups are foam like and make noise when moved. The stitching is also poor quality and uneven in parts. I will be returning this product, I am very disappointed.
Shirt looks nice but inappropriate size description. I placed another order for their biggest size today and need it Saturday morning I hope they will expedite my shipping. Wrote to them but no reply.
order up for sure. thin fabric
I ordered the size detailed for my measurements and it does not fit. Moreover it is made of a poor quality material.
The description said Big and Tall. I ordered it, and it is a small, tight fit and not described properly, I expect a return cost free label to be E-Mailed to me for return. I will then reconsider a replacement purchase. Buzz.
I'm a female with ordinary-sized wrists and the cuffs on these sleeves are almost cutting off circulation to my hands. Weird.
Massive. Like a blanket
Fit is as expected- I purchased an XL and usually wear 12/14 and this was perfect. but fabric is very lite weight- uncomfortably in the chest area if your heavier set. Wouldn't have purchased the dress had I known this.
And in addition, not only did the grey pair not match, I received TWO right foot socks for the grey pair. And yes, these toe socks are made for right and left feet due to the extra puffed out fabric for one's heel. So I cannot use the grey pair as I do not have two right feet and there was no brown pair. Quite a mess in all I would say.
Too see through for what I needed. True to size.
This joggers are very stylish, but are not true to size.. Order two to three sizes up.
The tunic is a nice length but entirely to thin. You can see through it. Won't buy another one in any color.
Does not fit as expected.
horrible. didn't stick to body or fabric.
I purchased for my flower girl, returned because the color in photo and description was off. The sequins were copper, not rose gold or gold Bottom of the dress was yellowish cream. Beautiful dress but way off on the colors. Fit well, size 8 for an 8 year old.
Rim fits ok but the hat in general is shaped for a alien head. Lots of extra room on top for maybe an afro but I do not have one.
It wasn't necessarily the wrong size it was just the wrong style. It says boyshorts but it was more like regular panties. Disappointed
Disappointed that these are not as pictured since I already own these prints.
This dress was nice but I wasn't thrilled about the color combination once I saw it in person. Return.
One of the clamps gave out the day i used them!
overall very cute hat, but extremely tight on my small head :(
The texture is cool. However, I'm 5'6 and there was SO much extra material that I could literally pull the pants up to my nipples. Very cheap.
Description states low cut but med cut was sent. Fit is good but wanted low cut type.
Fits as expected if your inbetween sizes I'd choose the smaller size for sure (I wear medium and small fit perfect on me 5'9” 145 lbs) BUT I got the pants and they had a hole right by my crotch and I haven't even wore them yet. Honestly, for $25-$30 I thought the quality control would be much higher. I don't want a hole in my crotch. Honestly the pants are everything I wanted except for the hole in it. Had the hole not been there would have rated 5 stars. NEW PANTS SHOULD NOT HAVE A RIP IN IT. PERIOD.
We cannot wear these. We purchased several (6 in all). Differing fabrics and prints. Even from two sellers - still - we cannot wear them.
Waist garment started to unravel after a few uses.
got this for my son for Sesame Street live. the neck line seems like it was already very stretched out. He was still able to wear it but it looked funny.
Material is very thin. Awkward length for tall person.
Fabric not what I expected, very spandexy.
Was pleased with the quality of material and workmanship of the items but the size was No where Near what was on the pkg..Toooo Small....just a waste of money and didn't want to go to the changes of returning....🙁
Fits as a child size! Very cute though... thin material makes it more of a perfect swimsuit coverup vs a dress or tunic. Gave it to my niece and she loves it.
The product felt good. But was see through. Good for like pajamas.
First day that I wore it, it riped. Doesn't sit very well in the chest area either.
I wore them for about 1.5 hours today for the first time and they are extremely uncomfortable. I developed welts on one leg where the band touched. They didn't move or roll and I don't feel they were too tight, but I will not be wearing these again.
The outfit was beautiful but I had to return it due the heavy chemical like smell. My baby has very sensitive skin and I feared the odor from the outfit would cause an allergic reaction.
The sizing chart is not accurate. Runs small. Also, the back and sides are much higher than the picture represent. Not ideal, unless you plan to wear it under a jacket. Disappointed. Gave it away.
I really wanted to be in love with this dress. It fit fine but quality not good. It's very thin.
Way too Small. I had to give it away.
The bands aren't soft. They cut into the skin on my plus sized thighs. Great colors! Just cannot wear for more than an hour or so.
Just received these. Maybe I need to wash them first, but my feet are sweaty. I bought them for moisture wicking and they aren't drying at all. Also much scratchier than my more expensive Merino blend socks. I'll be returning them. Bummed because I'm on a time crunch for a trip.
Didn't fit and bought a bigger size too. Gave it to my wife. She loves it. I'll keep shopping.
I was pleased with the fit and new material but way too much dye came out and stained all my clothes
Not a fan . Hard to wear , straps are confusing. Quality is below average . Itchy fabric .
One of the arm seams split after wearing only a few hours. Material is extremely thin.
I don't love it... I wore it once, but the material is pretty thin, so I felt it showed too much (I could see my belly button!). I will probably donate it to goodwill after one wear.
I've been looking for the perfect tunic tee / top to wear with leggings, and there are so many different ones on Amazon that it isn't always easy to weed out the good quality ones from the bad. This is the first item of clothing I have tried from this particular brand, and for the most part I like the top. It seems just a tad shorter than other brands, which works for me because I am on the shorter side. The material is very soft and flowy, lightweight but not so thin that it is see through. It probably would have been a 4 or 5 star review had the shirt not come with a hole already in it. It looks like either a snag or a defect in the fabric. I may try another one, and hope that this is a fluke.
Someone on a facebook group had recommended the skinny version also by Levi. I had tried those and loved the fit in my legs and bottom, but I hated where they sat on my belly, so I thought I would try these. I am petite , carry all my weight in my midsection, have thin legs and no bottom. The petite length on the 'short'length of these is fantastic. I'm just under 5'3 and they're perfect. While these fit around my belly it was definitely not comfortable. I would prefer a slightly lower rise for my belly. I was not a fan of the way this style fit my legs and bottom. The fabric was loose and a little bunchy, but not in a way that changing sizes would help. I also was not a fan of the fading in the legs, but of course they do have other color options.
The front and back of my Dad's pants still sagged.
The neckline is perfect, the fit is perfect, the only thing that is a little off is the crotch area (which is where the snaps are). The front panel is too short and the snaps are in a weird location and it kinda feels like a front wedgie.
These were the first pair of underwear that I can remember that I've been dissatisfied with. For underwear, my expectations are simple- fit and sustained comfort. These provided neither. They are too tight where they should be loose and loose where they should be tight. Not a good choice for me.
Great wallet.. until it fell apart at the 7 month mark. For 14$ I didn't really expect more. Stitching is not the best.
The color and the quality is great....but runs extremely small
We received a mix of sizes. Ordered 0-3 and only 2 were that size. Others were 3-6 and 6-9
I dislike that only one button snaps at the bottom. There are female buttons on both sides at the bottom. Used for rainy weather.
It is super cute but runs extremely small. I wear a 12 and got the large. I completely took the tie out of the back and still was unable to zip it up entirely. As well, my entire butt was out! I'm 5'4" in height for reference. Hope this helps!
Pants are way too long- had to get them hemmed. Also- there are hot pink circles on the pants that were not visible in the product pictures. Don't like that detail of the pants.
fit too small, I thought it had spandex in it.... only displeased b/c I returned it and as far as I know as of now I was not given a refund .
Order at least one size up. Material is cheap. Stiff and you can't take photos or type emails as advertised.
Too large for my average sized head. Returned. Also not necessarily comfortable material.
Looks like it's too large for my 11 yr old grandson. I bought a small but looks like a small men's or bigger. Will know more after Christmas Day when he tries it on?
They are cute and soft. Unfortunately, they each got holes in the toes after 1-2 times wearing them. I don't have that problem with any other pairs of socks even wearing the same shoes.
The zipper caused a rash. There was nothing between the metal zipper and skin.
This company was not helpful at all. Costume didn't look as nice in person and after contacting their customer service- I was very disappointed . There are many places to buy costumes- stay away from this one. Amazon helped me sort out because the company wouldn't .
Im looking for the old cotton spandex that are a little thick and these are not them. They are completely see thru everywhere, front and back. I plan on using them for softball since I wear sliders underneath. You can't just wear them out or to the gym. Everyone will see your goodies. Super thin!
The elastic around the ankles is too tight and bulky. Child does not like them.
The sleeves on this shirt were very tight and uncomfortable...I would order a size up if I were to reorder, but I don't like the way it looked on me so I wouldn't reorder it...
The top and bottom seemed like they were mismatched. I bought this for my teenaged daughter before a surprise trip to the Carribean. She is a junior size 5 so I got her a medium. The bottoms were perfect but the top was way too small.
I do not think the sizing chart is correct. I ordered a M Male T-shirt and it is only 15.5 inches wide. Not 20 inches wide as stated. Had same problem with the S version ordered.
too big... unfortunately my wife though away the bag and could not exchange...
Good thing you get 4 since 2 were broken and missing lenses.
T shirt was super scratchy le hard cardboard. Skirt was cute.
Very thin material. Not very good quality. Polyester 😖
Super cheapo but you get what pay for.
Sheds worse than a German Shepard. The fabric was all in my Spa!
Looked like a night gown on me. The material was made out of what seemed like bathing suit material. Online the pattern looks cute, but in person it looked cheap, and like an old lady night gown. I am usually between a small/medium, and the small was huge on me. Had to return unfortunately.
the hood is small the jacket does not protect when there is wind and the pockets are not so deep
The material is soooo thin. Even tho I ordered the dark green, I could never wear it without a slip... Who wears slips anymore?
Some of the brown/tan is actually pink. Be aware!
Unlike the full-rise briefs I bought from another seller, the LEG OPENINGS on these briefs are VERY LOOSE. I have very large thighs, so loose leg openings are remarkable. The waist fits fine and the height is fine. I have not worn them enough to know if there is any other problem.
Is cute but the material is so bad that is like breaking on its own.
OK quality but not good enough to keep!
Too small I will give it to my sister
Cheap material for price
Size chart runs small can't buy your products. You need to tell they run small
THIS BLACK CAP DID NOT FIT AS WELL AS THE ORANGE & BIEGE CAPS I ORDERED, FIT ON MY SKULL SMALL ( I WEAR A 7 1/4 HAT) THE MATERIAL QUALITY IS VERY GOOD
I read that sizing up was necessary based on reviews--this skirt is poorly made to begin with. The fabric is not any sort of comfortable, and ultimately disappointing purchase.
Shipped by DHL, package was not signed for, just left on top of bulk office mailboxes, got stolen, tried to get replacement or refund from company, not very helpful with paperwork needed etc, luckily Amazon gave credit for loss and purchase was made through another company. All other purchased shipped by USPS were fine. This was a DHL issue, should not be used for shipping.
Although the price was right on this shirt, it was made of a thin material and didn't fit me as is ran small and had weird dimensions. Either that or I have a weird body (more probable). I guess you get what you pay for.
Well it's certainly not red as shown....it's bright pink! The fabric is thin and completely see through...it does look sewn well...so I guess it will last as pj shorts for a long time bc I could not wear out in public. Really bummed bc I need shorts to wear to the gym
The print on this shirt is terrible. It's fuzzy and you can't read the words. I think it's supposed to look faded, but it just looks like there wasn't enough ink in the machine.
Evan after washing them twice..they still feel rough on the skin.
Went by sizing and is way big. Soft and pretty just to big.
Not a quality dress. Not a good fit
The photo in amazon does not reflect exactly the final product ... disapointed
Vest is OK but the sizing is bad. I ordered a 3XL because I normally wear 2X shirt and occasionally a 3X. The 3XL was too small so I ordered a 4XL and it fit OK through the torso but was way too long. It hung at least 5-6 inches below my belt line. Way to long for me.
hat was WAY too small for my babys head. the pants were kind of funny - almost like a samurai pant. The onesie was okay. I wouldn't buy it again.
did not like the fit will not buy again
Highly disappointing for the price. Missing pieces, other pieces broke immediately. Bought for my son to wear Halloween and it didn't even last an hour before we went out to get a backup costume.
I wear a size 16 and these XL pants are too small- they are very, very tight. It is disappointing because the size chart on this amazon posting and the size chart on the box do not match. I have attached the size chart from the box to this review.
The upper border rubbed off/scratched away after 3 uses. The buckle is difficult to undo. The belt itself is of good quality and well-constructed except for those two (unfortunately major) issues. Buy at the Calvin Klein store.
Runs a size small at least . Not as long as shown in picture . Ordered 2 size large more like mediums . White one is smaller than Olive color .
Not pleased with this cape. Fabric seems thin and cheaply made. When my son tied tied it around his neck the ribbon frayed quickly. Disappointed.
The stitching and assembly is mismatched and sloppy. The sizing is off too. Definitely wouldn't order again.
This is not for working out. It wrinkles so much.
Poor condition for the price. Stitching is very horrible, inside seams can be easily ripped separate, and zipper feels very cheap.
My husband and I were so excited to get our mom and dad shirts but soon noticed how the color of blues do not match. The mom shirt is more of a royal and the dad is more of a basic blue.
Ordered large, that's what I wear in tshirts ad other clothing. This was SUPER TIGHT. I expected it to flow around my belly and it hugged me like a bear. Super tight around the chest as well. Gave them away.
It doesn't fit. It doesn't looks good on my husband.
I didn't, like that the white is very dingy .
Fits at cub but not around waist
I have a long torso 5'7 213 pounds. This was clearly made for short torso people, other than that I like it, just wished it actually fit 😞
Oooh... material feels like plastic and it smells bad.
i usually love all of her cloths but not this one. dog hair stays on it!!!!
The item fit well, but the metal-type hook on one of the bra straps was faulty and broke within a few wears. Now I am unable to use it
Poorly made. Not worth the money.
Too long, pockets too shallow and things fall out. I would not order again.
The fabric is fuzzy fleece. It looks like a small beige snuggie. It doesn't have a trendy west coast/southern Cali casual vibe to it as the photos suggest. It isn't oversized and doesn't hang with a loose drapey fit. It is hot. I'm burning up in it. I so wish it looked like the photos. The bottom tapers in which makes the pockets stick out. And your body will look like it's shaped like a stingray. It is too short in the back.
The advertising said a dress it is a top n skirt was not happy
The back is not sewn into a V, which does not allow you to wear it flat, more like a scarf.
Cuter in the picture than the actual thing. I normally wear a medium, but I ordered a "large", so that it would be "roomy/oversized" like in the picture. It took 6 weeks to arrive, and it's not at all like in the picture. It's thin and rough feeling, the colors are faded looking, and it runs small. It's shorter in length than in the picture (and I'm only 5'1" tall) ....and the neck line is NOT as wide as in the picture either, so it doesn't fit off the shoulder like pictured. Overall....it's a cheap, faded, fitted sweatshirt. So disappointed :(
I like the style but it is only for kids.
They smell funky even after repeated washings. They look okay but not great. I sure wish someone would develop pull on jeans that look great on both men and women! My husband had a stroke and he can't manage fasteners easily. I also worked with special needs kids who could benefit. And as an older woman I like the comfort of pull on. There is a market for this so I hope some clothes designer is paying attention!
Item is too small, I order medium size and it was still too small. I am 5.5 feet tall and it did not fit at all. The shirt is not made well and I really need to get a refund.
Husband did not care for these socks at all, Not very good quality, or very much cushion. Wouldn't be bad for summer time use. But we were looking for something thicker and more cushioned.
Maybe because I am only 5'0" but this dress is longer than advertised in the picture. The arm sleeves are ridiculously long and more of full sleeves than 3/4 sleeves. It looks very boxy on.
Ok, for price. Not like the picture at all.
I do not recommend this pumping bra. I found that it did not keep my pump cups tight and allowed them to leak all over me. I'm a 36B and ordered a Medium.
I ordered two but only got one. Quality isn't bad for the product. You have to roll the sleeves yourself if you want it like the pic.
I ordered the blue and white. It is cute. I ordered the small and I am 5'3" size 4. It hurt to sit down with it. It gives you a wedgie. I ended up giving it away.
Disappointed in the sizing. Was snug for the size I purchased.
Quality good but about 2 sizes smaller than another pair of Lee's I ordered that were the same size. Frustrating!
It looks really good and quite warm (although it was not made of wool) but lots of hair/material was left and sticking on my clothes after wearing it. I needed to take time to take it off.
Cheaply made. I know you get what you pay for, but even so, I was disappointed with the quality of this product. My daughter loves it, as it does appear to be a Wonder Woman 'costume', so I'm keeping it because she is happy with it. It doesn't feel like a nightgown, which is what I thought I was buying. She'll wear it for dress up and that's all. If it wasn't such a hassle to return, I would have sent it back and found something else.
This was way too small and see through and just not as good as the picture at all. Returned it.
Very disappointed with product package.. dress was not even folded .. had creases all over it..
I bought small for my daughter and it is cute but way too wide, can't wear it
At the waist it was too big where it bows out
Shirt is good quality but the pants look and feel so cheap! I wasn't able to give this as a gift the way I had intended.
Actually are really small ...
I don't think that these socks provide any more compression than my regular running socks, and I find the fabric to feel inexpensive. I'll wear them to not be wasteful, but I don't think they have any value in addressing my plantar fascia issues. I wear size 10.5 US mens, and think that the Large socks are too large.
Buckle was too large for comfortable wear
Product worked for about 2 minutes then would never work again
This would've been a great shirt if it wasn't made out of that weird paper-thin, shiny fabric that picks up every hair it comes into contact with and holds wrinkles forever. Bummer, I wanted to like it.
I ordered the long sleeve version of the shirt and while the shirt was cute and the body fit well however the sleeves were about 3-4" too short. I am 5'11" so it can be difficult to find sleeves long enough but these were comical. Returning this one.
Couldn't wear because they were HUGE. Didn't even fit in my mouth.
Crotch it so tight it stick out through the hole, material is soft
I wish I had read the reviews before I ordered this. It is HUGE! Says fits 0 to 12 months. That should've been a clue for me. However I did think she might be able to work by the time she was six months old. More likely 6 years old. Also tried to cancel way before it was shipped but without success. Will put it aside or maybe give it to somebody that has a gigantic baby.
This hoody is super comfy, love the color, was happy with it... sadly I've only worn it probably 4 times, only to class, and unfortunately it already has a hole.
These are cheap and coming apart already. Ok for wearing around the house, though.
I like the color and fit of this robe but returned because I thought the material looked cheap and would not wash well. It is a very thin and shiney velour and I like a plush material.
I am a 40 DD and order a 42DD and still didn't fit way too sml. Was so disappointed
The jacket was too small and the pants was too large
It was a very cute bathing suit it just wasn't true to the size. I ordered one size larger and it still was to small.
I had purchased this, been charged for it, then was told it was out of stock. I did get refunded, but it shouldn't have happened if there was better knowledge on how much they had in stock.
I like the material. I would only do 1 size up. The pants fit too big for me and the shirt stretches a bunch. Gave it 2 stars bc of the whole on the side. Will return.
The elastic on the waist is too loose. Ended up having to insert a string to be able to wear them comfortably. The material is warm and resistant to repeated washing.
This was purchased as a gift. Feels like PLASTIC- not leather. So I guess you could call it pleather. The box it came in was nice, well packaged. Service from seller was prompt.
These socks are almost translucent they are so thin.
I would not buy it again for the insane adhesive tape on every single pair. Picked/pulled it off but even after soaking/laundering it several times, the adhesive doesnt come off and it looks like its stained and gross all over. SMH at this.
Bought these as a school uniform belt for kindergarten and first-grade years. We basically have to replace or repair them every 3-4 months because the stitching comes undone and part of the clasp falls off--usually at school so we never get that piece back and are stuck with an unusable belt.
Material is so scratchy and see through. Not what I expected at all. The picture makes it look like a cotton blend which it is not. But that's my fault for not reading the product discription well. Love the design though.
More like plastic than leather, which is fine for the cost. It does not stay closed even with a modest amount of bills in the money clip. There is no place to tuck away a receipt other than the money clip. I've already ordered a new wallet that can be closed, spent time to read reviews this time. I've had this cheap wallet for about two weeks before buying another with better quality.
Does not fit to size.
The material is slippery and runs small so the pants slide down off my hips a lot.
Old review: There really are no side effects. It rarely pinches and that can be fixed with adjusting. I don't know what this bra is made of, but it's comfortable while supportive. Not too thick, but covers everything! Not really a good tank top bra if you don't want it to be visible, but great for mostly everything else. ****PLEASE READ**** New review: I purchased this on Oct. 25. By December 10 (wearing just these bras in toasted almond and black regularly), they are completely worn out! I did not do an excessive actively. And the worst part is regardless of size 36D or 38D, once they get worn out, the clasps come undone! Will not be purchasing anymore! Needs more clasps! Went from 5 star to 2 star review and that's only because there's no underwire. If there was, it would be a one star review! Must only use this bra lightly! For light-wear only!
I am disappointed in the M1 wallet for sure. For money it just does not fit what I need it to do. Very difficult to get money in and out of the wallet for sure. I would love to have the ability to exchange it for a better money holder from Dango but I am not sure that is possible.
Described as self-wicking, but 58% cotton won't. Also pills after a few wears. Avoid if you're used to all polyester/spandex.
Product is very small! They dont fit at all! Put extreme pressure on my tailbone and couldnt wait to get them off because of it!
My package was lost in the mail and I was unable to have the item sent again due to lack of availability.
Cute design and it's perfect in length. But the pants are made with a very thin cloth... in other words.... it's see through.
Very cute. Was disappointed I removed one from my daughters hair on first day and bow came off.
Problem with basic design makes it impossible to use: The pad can be seen alongside the neck when attached to the bra.
It looked just like the picture, after the first wash it looks faded and you cant tell whats on the shirt now.
Bought this for a father's day gift but my dad's not going to like it because the fabric is see through.
It's not a mascot , plush head , soft and doesn't hold the shape . But I guess that's what you get for the amount paid
I didn't like the material it was made of or the waistband.
I think the color of black is my issue. It did shed a bit until I washed it as directed. The color faded and didn't look as luxurious as it did prior the washing. I should have gotten this in a neutral color. I have a gray long cardigan that I love and it is so comfy. Love the brand and will buy another cardi, but not in black. I am updating this to two stars. VERY UNHAPPY with the black. It continues to pill and fuzz even getting into my hair and on my face. Very embarrassing to wear out. And it appears to have faded with washing only according to directions. Wish I could return it.
Ordered this bra in hopes for great support and it did the opposite. No lift support at all! Was disappointed! Returned it!
Fits smaller then size stated.
By the description was expecting FLEECE lined, when it was a very thin sweat shirt material. Would not order again.
material cheap, doesn't worth the money at all....always afraid of shopping online and this only deepen my fears
this dress is all fun and games until you start dancing and get scratches all over your body.
The zipper is on a relatively loose "track" so it frequently unzipped during wear.
Usually think of Hue as a very solid brand, but these socks pick up every bit of lint, as other reviewers have mentioned. Their soft and fine otherwise, but I'm going to throw them out, as they are covered in lint that doesn't even totally come out in the wash. Very disappointing from Hue.
Ok wig; not much hair in back
Not a good fit. I wear a size 12 US. They do not stay up. Way to small. Would not recommend
There is VERY little support to this bra.
Very cute shirt. Read reviews that it runs a size small so I ordered 2 sizes bigger than my normal size. Still too small.
I order 1 sizes larger than me.. size 11 is 29 inches at waist . Way to small
The product itself was good, but ran way too small. I am normally a medium (ordered large) and found that it didn't even go over my shoulders. Was a little disappointing.
The cups are too big- I'm a “C”. Also, I've only worn it about three times and the stitching around the bottom is already coming undone. I suppose for the price it's an okay buy.
would have ordered different ones had I known how wrinkled they got after washing,
I'm petite, 5'1", and this shirt was long on me. It was small in the bust area. Just a weird fit. Not flattering.
Size down, runs big. Had to send back
I don't know why but I just didn't like how they feel
I liked the thickness, but unfortunately the pee goes right through the padding. It is barely absorbent. It is easy to tell when she peed, on the floor and by checking her. The fit is nice. I may have to double up or get a plastic liner, or wait till later in the potty training process.
Usually wear an XL but ordered 2XL after reading reviews..still a little snug. Hope it doesn't shrink!
If you have boobs bigger than a C cup don't even bother
I love the idea of this but they've got to figure out a way to prevent the decal colors from running together. I have blue chickens that are supposed to be white and the shoe color ran onto the yellow background. I would return but I need it for a gift today.
The material sticks to itself and it's hard to untangle when it does. The size I ordered is the same size I wear when buying clothes in the store but it fits very snug. I would suggest ordering a size above what you originally are. The shirt is also scratchy if your arm rubs across the sequence that are on the shirt. I have worn it once for my Halloween costume it's an okay shirt, but I wouldn't wear it again until next Halloween.
This swimsuit is really cute and the bottoms fit perfectly. I figured since I read the reviews and they said the top was small I would still be fine since I have no chest, but I was wrong it wayyyy too small. Like a child's size! Had to return
Bought the white, but the material is much thinner than the original. Then again, it is summer, but I will look for another design, or even brand next time.
The sleeves are not as long as they look in the picture, in fact they are short sleeve. the top portion of the jacket is also very tight fitting.
This dress is listed as a cotton blend and looks like a cotton sundress in the photo. There is a tiny amount of cotton in the striped tie. However, the entirety of the rest of the dress is polyester. It does not hold its shape like cotton does. Polyester is impractical for hot summer days. Very disappointed. Will likely return and not give as the gift it was planned to be.
Nice colors, and a good bit for the most part. I am somewhat dissatisfied with how difficult it is to zip up. Also, the zipper broke on one before I even had a chance to wear it! This same bra was dirty and had black smudges all over it.
Cheap, cheap socks. Will only last a couple of washes and use. What do you expect for $2 per pair
Used this mask as directed and yes it did pull some stuff out of my pores but not the blackheads. Sadly the side effect is bacteria is free to jump into your pores creating acne in the coming days. Won't be using this product again.
Somehow sheer despite how thick it is. The fit is nice it's just disappointing that they are sheer
I bought this set last year and was very disappointed by all elements. The 'gloves' were made for much larger hands. The headband was okay. The gauntlets were also too large and kept falling off... I guess I'm just not an amazon.
I loved the look of this swimsuit, but it did not fit like the pic.
The quality is quite low, the lace looks very cheap (as it it is, you get what paid for obviously). It's not ivory, it's much whiter than it should be for Ivory.
Not as I had expected. Seemed a lil cheap looking...
Although the latch is so thick it rubs the forehead and is very uncomfortable. Disappointed but that's the gamble of buying without trying
I bought these socks last year and they were amazing! Whatever they did to them sucks. 😕 The top is scratchy now and the cuff around the ankle is thinner and less soft.
It did not change the shape of my belly. It was 38" before and after. The elasticity has to be stronger to compress the belly even just for an inch.
Thin material not great quality but it was cheap
Seems like poor quality. It took forever to get, but it did say that it would. My daughter still gave it as part of a gift, but I wouldn't purchase it again.
The fabric and poorly made
They are good to extend but the hooks are so loose trying to get the to stay attached at one end while you fasten the other is almost impossible
Mask packaged poorly. The horns are bent back and when I took the mask out of the package one of the horns fell off..
The shirt is pretty but it was too small.
Comfy and warm and I like the string that goes through the coat but the layers get bunched up which makes it hard to stick little hands in
These are comfy to sleep in at night but other than that, they fit large and look like granny panties
Too large, plus the stitching was very very bad, clumped up and baggy stitching. They did refund me and all so that was good.
The belt and velcro for the belt was on backwards. In order to the belt to be on correctly, the chaps was inside out. The wig was very thin in the back with numerous strands of yarn only 4 inches long. The braid it's self was nice. The cowboy hat was crushed. I think it was crushed due to poor packing because the box it was shipped in arrived very beat-up. Very disappointed!!!
Not a fan of the material they're made of. It's cheap fabric and not what I was expecting.
Very loose no support
I love how this bra fits and how it minimizes. However it makes breasts very pointed and looks ackward under fitted shirts.
I did not like the fabric these pants were made off. It was pretty stiff material.
While the bra itself is comfortable, there is no strap adjustment. I see this stretching out pretty quickly, so I'm only giving two stars. Would not buy again.
Not as expected. Looks very different than shown in picture.
Beautiful dress but it was much shorter in the back than expected.
Only had about 2 months and it's starting to get hard to open and close the way the button is
Bought it in an XL hoping it would be somewhat loose. Fabric is low quality and very tight. Ripped the minute I put it on. I would not buy this again :(
Really not happy with this jacket, it is very short, and it looks cheap. Yes, I know it's faux leather, but it is very shiny and plastic-y feeling, very stiff to move arms. I ordered a size up, and still feel like it's just barely at my waist line. The tiny pocket next to the zipper in the front is very out of place feeling. Going to return this jacket.
It was uneven..returned it. Fit kinda like a maternity dress.
It doesnt look the same as the picture. It's very bland.
Not very big for an adult. Made out of plastic.
I do not reccomend this product. It is made quite cheaply. After minimal over a couple weeks, I plugged it back into the charger port, and the micro usb separated from the plastic. I opened it up and the tiny copper pin connections had snapped off. It was the only thing holding the port to the board! It's fixable, but I'd reccomend you skip the price of a couple cups of coffee and buy something a little better.
Cute, fit well everywhere else but the armholes. It had a weird cut that made it uncomfortable. Had to return.
For the type of material, it should be less than that price. Material is somewhat strechy. It's like a Forever21 tank top material and those are about $5.99. Runs small. I'm 8 month months pregnant did not gain a lot of weight. Therefore I wear between a medium and/or large in tops, depending where I shop. And I'm a 36 DD on bust so I ordered a M and it fits tight. Should of ordered a L, or XL if don't want it too fitted. I'm also not sure how your supposed to strap it into nursing bra because both clasps, nursing bra and nursing tank, won't fit together. It has a rubber small band on it but who knows if will stay in place while wearing both. Pics below. Won't return because they don't do exchanges, and don't want to purchase again.
The material does not look soft and f lowly like in the picture. I mine as well be a fruit of the loom undershirt. Maybe in the summer I would hold on to it but it really does not so me any good now. I was thinking it may be good for workouts but definitely no
Quality is fine, fit was a bit small. Order 1 size up unless you're ok with a snug fit
The panties are nice and soft but if you have a big belly or butt they sit too low and will roll down the moment you bend over. If you don't mind constantly pulling them back up then get these, otherwise skip this product and get something that actually works if you're plus sized.
The wallet is too big. it was impossible to tell from the picture. my fault for not checking the dimensions.
The dress was too short, material was see-through and it was way too big and loose. Not worth the money.
They were "ok" comfortable, but too big in the waist. I was constantly pulling them up. I gave them away
These ran very small and I sent them back
The item was cute, but appeared to be made for a child not a grown man, the one size fits all should say one size fits all Kids.
I Was expecting a decent thickness, but light spring type vest, but this is the lightest, flattest Carhartt vest I have ever tried on. Runs very small also, as I have 2 other 2XLT Carhartt vests that fit perfect.
The fabric was not as sturdy as I expected it to be. I'll probably wear it as a nightgown.
Shirt was super wide and baggy. I am 5'3" and 125lbs. I ordered a small and it was not flattering on my stature. Very baggy and square shaped. Has no shape at all. I am returning.
I thought this would be a perfect casual outfit for my honeymoon so I decided to order. I am about 5'8, and the pants are waaay too short. The crop top would've been cute on its own , but I couldn't wear the pants without looking like a giant in children's clothing.
These were too small.
Look and feel great zipper broke after about a week haven't been able to fix it since.
Ridiculously too small. Usually ordered a medium, went for a large, too tight, exchanged for and XL and still way too tight. Won't order from this company again - they need to get their sizing fixed.
I love this vest. However, I ordered a medium and it's way too large for me. I'm a size 5/6 and 5 months pregnant and it still swallows me. The quality is great, so far.
This scarf has a tendency to shed. Like the feel just wish it didn't do that.
They weren't compression at all. Bought a medium and fit like normal boxers.
I ordered two pairs of these in summer 2018 and they fit AWESOME. I loved them so much. I decided in January that I wanted two more pairs, only when they arrived they didn't quite fit the same as the first ones. I figured maybe they would shrink a little after a few washes but it never happened. Today I went and compared only to find they same jeans aren't comprised of the same materials! The originals were 98% Cotton, 2% Spandex. The new ones are 80% Cotton, 18% Polyester, 2% Spandex. Apparently this change made enough of a difference that the new ones are too big for me -- and now it's too late to return them to swap for a smaller size. :-( Pretty disappointed. I LOVED these jeans.
I am a size 12/14 and 5'8 and ordered an XL based off reviews. If you have a long torso this isnt prob for you. I will not be wearing this because it is to short and IS NOT flattering at all. Wishing I wouldnt of ordered it
Nope. These are not the ones you want if you are a bandana carrying old guy. Great to decorate something. Non absorbant, smeared my glasses. Great price, great shipping, not what I wanted.
Really liked this dress in theory, very flattering on. However it was NOT 95% cotton as listed in the description....much higher % of polyester. Also, I am a standard XL, 40DD and the bodice was extremely tight and unflattering both front and back. Disappointing so I returned it. Larger busted women, I suggest you order a size larger and those who are looking for mostly cotton, look elsewhere.
The bra is lovely and the fit is good, but the lace on the sides rubs on the inside of my arms and is very uncomfortable.
It took forever to figure out how to work the buckle . Very CHEAPLY made. I would not buy again .
These used to be my favorite socks, but they changed them. Now the toes feel very loose and they fell a longer up on my calf. I am sorry they changed them. My previous purchase lasted a long time. The fit is no longer comfortable.
The bottom fit well but the top was huge and the band was way too big to keep. Super cute and good fabric, but the sizing is off.
My black tassel cover up bathing suit dress came dirty... there's almost like white deodorant spots all over it.. was this a return and re-sell? come on
I don't know how to make this outfit not look and feel like pajamas. Somehow the picture does it, but it does not translate that way in real life.
Ordered this in March and it has broken in early June. the leather is good quality items
Return this. I did not like the material and the sleeves were so big. Was not flattering at all!
this is cut way too big and looked sloppy on me. Not my style. Color was vibrant though.
This swaddle doesn't quite feel the same as the other double sided swaddles I've bought directly from Posh Peanut. I'm not sure on the authenticity of this product. But all in all it feels nice and I like the weight of it. It did not come with the bow I'm a little disappointed with that.
I'm really just mad that the photo shows a different back than I recurved. The back in the photo is pink and says rainbow dash. The back of ours is just a tiny cloud. She likes it though.
Got these pants as my "mom pants". I thought Having side pockets would free up my hands to hold my baby. Only problem is the pants don't stay on. So now my hands are free to juggle my baby and try and keep my pants on at the same time.
I am finding the masks too small for the face. In the video it looks like there is plenty of room without it being right. But in reality these are really tight to wear.
Cheap material and runs a little big.... I ordered the pink one size medium ... Its mushy in the middle & too long for me... I'm 5'3
Didn't work for us. Seems to be more of a gimmick. We had to go back to the Halo sack. It is well made but definitely did not improve sleep.
Disappointed that the top shrunk twice the size as the bottoms.
These did not work out for me at all. I wear a Women's size 10 medium and these were too small and cramped my toes. The fabric made my feet feel very hot too. I did like how they don't slip around your foot though. Because they were too small for a Women's 10, I returned them.
It was missing buckle!
Runs small... and zipper was made cheap.
The dress is poorly made and cheap fabric.
The sticky part falls off in like 2 days
Was suppose to be delivered yesterday and never came. It was late and they gave me the wrong information on delivery date.
Too large and long. Material seems good though.
Very disappointed, sizing was big, shirt came apart after one wash on delicate cycle.
First I should say, the emblem is nice and good printed I love it. But the problem is that it is not the same as it shows on the picture. I ordered a M in size, its printed too big on the shirt and the quality of the cloth is very poor. I did contact to see if they fix the print and resend it but they recommend to re order which would not solve the problem.
There was a hole in the seam of my dress. Other than that it was nice for the price. Just be ready to sew your own dress.
One of the tights came with a little hole
The shirt is beautiful but it is definitely not true to size you will need to order a size up if not two sizes up
Pretty shirt made of synthetic material but runs very small. The sleeves began falling apart in first washing. Claims free returns but charge shipping fee.
Gloves are comfortable and serves the purpose of keeping your hands warm but the black pair started to unraveled first time I wore them. Will keep the gray pair. Didn't expect to pay that much for one pair though.
It does have the little sticky things on it to keep it from rolling but they didnt work for me they rolled. SO it was a no for me
I guess you get what you pay for. On one of these the hook has already come unraveled from the bra rendering it useless after 2 wears.
This product is not true to size. Did not like it at all.
I bought these such a long time ago, and i don't remember them or believe I still have them. If you've got a big butt like me and like the boyshorts go to Torrid. It lasts.
Sending back looks a mess
The burgundy is too red. I ordered XXL due to the size chart and it is too big. I could have down a size, maybe two. The skirt is entirely too poofy and looks more like a cheaply made costume. I intended to wear for my fall engagement pictures, but maybe I'll have to wear it for Halloween instead. The length is good though and is the only good quality.
The pants fit, but mine are see through. Guess I just wasted my money since I won't be wearing them in public.
These are incredibly tight; had a hard time pulling them up - almost like medical compression stockings! By the end of my work day, I was ready to rip them off; they were digging into my waist when I'd sit.
It does not stretch and the bow is kind of falling off
Runs so small I ordered a size up just to have the xtra room. My arms were suffocating and it didn't close around the front. Material super soft that was a plus . I do have other items and love them this is the first return
Way to small... had to buy another brand which fit fine
Very disappointed!!! Only received the black hat.
Very thin material, not like the southern attitude shirts we purchase locally in store.
Jacket is not much worth as per cost And the height wat they given in. Chart is seems to be wrong in my view my son is 5 yr old 39 inches still i bought extra size but it is not fitting in length wise Planning to return hopes this helps
Nice style poor workmanship
Not durable at all. Ripped at the crotch on day 1.
The image was not centered on my shirt
Way to big. I got them to wear to the gym and not get a wedgie. Well they work because they nearly go to my nipples they're so big.
I am usually a size large or extra large, read reviews and saw it ran a little small in size so I ordered a xxl and it's TINY. Not to mention I ordered the white-grey-burgundy one and I got RED instead of BURGUNDY. I DONT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS. The quality of the fabric is not bad, but I would buy this somewhere else.
No support at all extremely lightweight was hoping it would fit a little tighter like a tube top
Not very comfortable and the wire eyelets dig into your skin
The skirt is super tiny
Hope it shrinks when I wash it two to three times to big
wanted a 34 waist i got a 35 waist
Fits tight, order at least a size up. The fabric is very thin, but the colors are amazing and very bright. its definitely what I would refer to as eye catching.
I bought the 2x based on the size chart. The swim suit fit except the bust size was tiny compared to the rest of it. Had to return because I cant wear it
Not for women who have boobs.
While the belt I received is fantastic, it ran much smaller than any other belt I've purchased. I did receive an email from Hank's immediately after the belt was delivered. They promised to send an exchange along with a prepaid postage package to send the original back to them. Over the course of 2 weeks since my request for an exchange, I have not gotten a reply.
I love the socks . They feel quite comfortable on my son's feet , but the packaging seems to be not acceptable . The package came came squeezed in , without air . All the socks were squeezed up.
Received items a day late and the first item I inspect is too small. Just frustrated with the whole process. Now must give away what doesn't fit. Good thing Christmas is 14 days away. Amazon get it together. You are not too big to fail. IJS.
Material is nice but it's not slimming nor does it contour.
I could have sown it better
The elastic in the pants is very uncomfortable. The fabric is thin and the color is not even close to being blue.
Definitely not as long as the image shown. I got the wine color and it just looks like a cheap shirt. I kept it but won't be buying another.
Sizes are way off. Did not fit my size correctly
Ordered a M and couldn't even get it over my thighs.
I ordered 2 sports bras, same size, different colors. I ordered the size that was suggested on the size chart. The black bra was way too small and while the coral colored bra was actually larger than the black bra, it was also too small. They became gifts
This product is just OK. I thought for sure I would feel sexy in this but I was wrong. The top is very thin and has ZERO support. The plastic on the garter strap broke the moment I tried attaching it. I
Like the pattern fits smaller then I thought
Dress is very cute but there were a few issues. The floral collar is stitched on crooked and is very noticeable with the line of buttons down the chest. Buttons are also not straight. Chest is tighter than size chart. I have a 40.5 inch bust & purchased and XL. Feels like I'm being suffocated. Waist fits and the overall look of the dress is lovely, but quality control definitely didn't see this one.
From the reviews, I was expecting a higher quality hat. In my opinion, this hat is over priced. I wear a 7 3/8 cap. The Coolibar fits fine. The wide brim not only covered my face, neck, and ears, but extended part way over my shoulders. Looked like the flying nun. Needless to say, I returned the hat and purchased a different brand, with which I am well pleased.
I will say the quality of this is decently good, however I am only 5'1 and 115 lbs. Ordered a small and it was ridiculously large, falling off it was so big, also the skirt is very long. Sadly returning.
Not too impressed with the shipping. Paid for two day shipping and it's still not here!
It's ok but don't think it's leather, it looks wore from being wrapped in a circle an leather don't do that..that belt in picture is leather an is 8 years old an don't look wore out...
did not fit as expected. will need to get a bigger size next time
They're awfully thin and run very small.
Very very small. Not true to size
Fabric and cut is not flattering
Nice quality material but a medium was waaaay too big, fits like a big lab coat, no shaping to it... don't know why I haven't sent it back yet.
didnt fit right, no give room. sent back
I have been buying these pants for the last few years. The last pair I received had a tag indicating it was "short". The change was significant enough that I chose t return them.
These bras aren't for running, or anything high endurance. They are more like yoga bras
... it's also not easy to open and close. We should be able to buy a better non-metal belt than this.
Bought same size as previous pair, just different color...these do not fit anything like the other pair.
I didn't like the cardboard feel of the part that goes under your boob. And unfortunately I didnt have any support. I jumped and the cup folded down. Had to return!
The quality of the shirt isn't that good. For the price it is fine but the picture makes it look nice. It's kinda rough and the fit is kinda small. Just order up a size or two depending on how you like your shirts to fit. Other than that, it's fine. Just your typical cheaper T-shirt
Nice design, not warm at all. Don't advertise as winter warm unless they are warm!
Very cute but fits small
The suit i recieved has a totally different design on it. I liked the suit and it was made well.
I don't have large hands and these mittens are very small. Disappointed
The color is more ivory/pink in person. Not gold.
I just received my order today, and as I was admiring the dress and thinking about how good I'd look in it and was going to try it on...there's a hole in one of the pockets. Okay, was gonna simply sew it up myself and still have rocked it. Turned it around, and there are two black spots on it and looked as if someone wore it once and then sent it back to the seller. Bummer, and I was looking forward to wearing this....
it is a big enough body but the arms are really short. I don't even wear it any more since I washed it :(
to be honest I really thought it would fit my son like a crown or birthday/ party hat but it's kinda very small just covered his forehead kinda funny looking hat !! It looks like the picture but the size is small and somewhat looks very funny
Bought an XL as I am a 38 C. The band was fine, but the straps were WAY too long. Easily could have used 2 inches shorter. I washed and dryed it in hopes that it would shrink up some, but all that did was fray the seams. The cup itself was a little short, especialy with the long straps. I would return it if I could.
I bought this 3 months ago and tried it on and loved it. Today is the first day I actually wore it and the wire popped out of the bra part. So disappointing...
I just received my socks. I was disappointed to find a little hole by the toes. Unless it is sewn, it will enlarge in no time at all.
Ordered normal size but these run large had trouble keeping the up.
The bow didn't come with the hat! The hat wasn't packaged great so the hat was all bent and the shape is crappy... gave it two stars bc it's super cute just very disappointed I won't be able to use this.
I really wanted to like this. Unfortunately, The peplum material is not the same fabric as the top part. It is a very cheap made shirt. The bottom is a lot more full than you think. I am a size 14 or a "Large" top and I should have gotten the XXL not the XL. The XL did fit however, the seam hit me in a very weird place on my stomach. I think that if I would have ordered the larger size that it would have sit lower on my waist I am probably would have kept it. Honest review... the material and the fit is the reason I returned this. The material reminds me of a Halloween costume material. There is stretch in the shirt but if you carry your weight in your mid-section order 1-2 sizes up. The item did arrive quickly though.
Very thin horrible material
This sweatshirt/jacket was ordered again, because the first one my grandson could NOT wear due to a broken zipper...which really upset me. I took a chance and ordered another because he really liked the color and the weight of the item. So far so good with the zipper on this one!!
This review is only for the stripped pattern, as I haven't yet tried any of the other designs. I am average sized for an American woman, but I couldn't get the stripped part of the tights above my knees; the design had absolutely no give. The standard part of the tights (where it transitions from black to tan) didn't seem to have this problem, so I think the trick with this product is being mindful of the design you choose.
One pair came with a hole in them that i didnt notice until after washing. The fit is awkward and the sizing is off as they were a bit baggy in the bum. If you decide to purchase these dont make the mistake of washing them before thoroughly inspecting each pair for holes.
Im 5'0, 110 pounds with 32DD Chest and curvy. I ordered small and it was way to big! Shoulders were a weird fit, chest was fine not tight, Stomach was way too big and more importantly if you have wide hips and a big butt this is not going to work where the slit is on the back. My entire butt shows! The cape covers everything at least. But sizing is very weird. Two stars because the cape is cool.
Im a 38 waist and the 47 was to small. Had to pull the belt to get it on. I could just see myself struggling with this in a public restroom and people looking at me weird
I found these to be very light and hard to keep in place as they slide way to much, sorry but would buy again.
These were a great rise- it stopped right above my belly button BUT the back is cut way too high for my liking ie. if you don't like the bottom of your butt cheeks hanging out then I would find something else. It fit fine but I just wasn't comfortable with how revealing it was so I'll be sending these back. Bummer :(
I really really wanted to love these. It's EXACTLY what I need because I love to wear dresses but get hot wearing shorts underneath. Unfortunately these don't even come close to working. I guess my thighs are improperly proportioned because in order to fit around my upper thigh, where you're instructed to measure, it's so loose that it's floppy around the lower part of my thigh. Need to return them.
Despite the measurements given, this doesn't have much give to it. I'm 5'3" 110lbs 32B US bra size and it's super snug... Definitely more geared towards super petite/small chested. Is a shame, because it is super cute! Had to sell to a friend though.
the color was more gold than wheat as pictured. In addition, was not the type of quality as expected.
I'm not sure how I feel about these. These are not pull on, they are a thin jean type material with some stretch, not a lot. The legs fits well. The hips are kind of loose and fall down in the crotch area so I need to pull up constantly. The waist part is too loose compared to the rest of the jeans. They look good but they do fit weird. Had the item for a week and had the bottom button fall off already. Really disappointed.
It did control anything!! It rolled up as well. I am disappointed. Maybe I should have purchased a smaller size.
This suit is so flimsy and offers absolutely no bust support. It was a bit sheer, so I can only imagine what would happen once it was wet!
Lost elasticity after a couple washes and the material was a bit rough.
Off centered!!!! Not good at all. Gave it away!
Nice Blouse got this in XL , it was to tight the hips down , wish they made this much loser esp the chest down and the stomach area , you can tuck this in jeans etc , wish it was more looser , so sad , brought a couple of these shirts hoping they would fit nicely .
I measured 39 and ordered a 42 and it is small.
Pants are way too short and the waistband cuts my belly in half. It needs to be at least 4 inches higher. I'm definitely disappointed.
Purchased on PRIME day, it's made of that weird material that sorta sticks to you and it's see-through. I feel like it sorta looks like a scrub top.
I like the bag it's size is perfect to fit everything I need! But I was sent Navy Whimsy when I ordered the galaxy bag.
Although cute, this one piece pajama style costume runs really big. Additionally the tail placement is off a bit.
Cute dress but very poorly made. The design at the bottom still had cut out pieces attached to it. The sleeve openings are also very small. Very thin and you can see through it.
Cheap quality won't stay on . Had to return them.
While the cut of the suit was very cute and flattering, the material was thin and cheap and one of the bra pads was missing from the suit as well as the liner. I returned this item. Was very cheeky! cute though
I ordered an XL originally, I am 5'2 and about 195 lbs. It was unfortunately too small so returned and recently ordered the 2XL hoping that it would fit better and it felt the same as when I tried the XL. I don't rarely order any type of clothing online so am disappointed that this occured.
Not the normal size fitting was too small.
The belly got a small run in it in the first day of wear. I found with extended wear, the top part would roll down. I found the legging part rolled up too. It did help smooth but I was hoping for a more durable product. Disappointed.
These gloves are no thicker than a pair of cheap gloves you can buy anywhere else. Do not expect these gloves to keep your hand warm.
The the dress is pretty but way too big. I am 5'2 weigh 120 pounds ordered. I ordered a small and it is way too big.
Depends on how body-conscious you want to be. It is very clingy. I thought it looked too revealing and sent it back.
I ordered dark colors and pinks came! My granddaughter hate pink!
Does not look smooth under sweaters because of the top wire.
Material is so think you can see eveything underneath.
They fit well and feel great. However, I wore them for the first time this morning in a new pair of shoes and the seam is already coming undone. I have not worn any of the others yet.
very thin and poor quality
Need more work. Does not fit as described
I purchased this dress because it looked beautiful and had great reviews. Unfortunately, This dress has an ink spot in the inner chest area. In addition to that the straps are turning pink. Every thing about this dress screams pre-owned. Even the package it was in was wrinkled as was the dress. Why does Amazon keep sending people used damaged items as new? This is very disappointing!
I'm 5'10 and it was about an inch ABOVE my ankle, if you're tall and want it to touch the floor like a normal maxi, don't buy.
Sigh. Another one bites the dust. I have tried every brand of no-show socks and they all fall off of my feet. Maybe it's my feet?! So confused. I gave them 2 stars because they are nice, thick, and good quality socks. But slip off my heels all day long. Argh.
Practically see through. Not what I expected.
The product that came did not match the picture.
They look tan in the picture and are labeled tan in the desciption, but when we received them they were a strange sort of olive-drab color more than tan, they are great for just normal wear shirts but will not work for what we purchased them for (undershirts for a uniform).
Doesn't look exactly like this picture shown here .
Liner material could be way better!
Fit way too small and the material was stiff.
The color is pretty, the material is soft, but as soon as I put it on, I knew it wouldn't work. This dress isn't small in the sense that you have to buy a size up. This dress is small because it is made for junior girls, not for women. Proportions were all wrong. I'm sure someone in middle school or high school would love wearing this dress. Grown women, on the other hand, should avoid it because it is so unflattering.
No, there was no logo on the back
Unfortunately I'm not pregnant....but if I was, these would be the perfect leggings.
Very cute gloves as picture but honestly, these gloves kind of suck. They are essentially sweat shirt material. Not very warm at all and definitely soak water right up. Also, the touch screen fingers don't really work. I couldn't even change the stations on my touch screen car radio. Basically, if you are going for looks only these are for you. If you are looking for practical winter gloves I would look elsewhere.
Not Hanes ultimate with cool IQ, just the regular pack I could've bought at Walmart for $20. Also, not a 5 pack. It was a 4 pack with an added pair. I would've returned but I opened the package already.
I wish I had gotten the other one that I purchased a couple months ago, It's now to big because I lost weight, so decided to order another one and this one looked like it had more support because of the double straps at the bottom.The bottom is fine, but the to material sucks! I bought it for support for my breast when I am at my boot camp class working out, and it's no support, it's super thin and cheap and low cut. The other one is thicker and sturdy! Do not buy this design if you're looking for top support buy the one that doesn't have the double strap at the bottom.
nothing. I gave it to someone else because they were way too big.
I ordered a large and was sent an extra large. I took it out of the package, washed it and tried putting it into dryer. It's still too big. I ordered another one and will let you know if it comes in the right size.
This is not the jacket expected...material is ok, way too big. Does not do anything for me Has no 'punch' to it. Then tried to return in perfect condition, and they refused. Lot nicer stuff out there. Do not recommend
Huge. I can't use it as it provides zero compression.
It looks cheap and the quality of the picture on the shirt looks horrible
Buckle did not last long, it broke at the hinge, I have not been able to find out how to warranty it
I didn't receive two bow ties I only received one!
liked the style, but this dress unfortunately did not fit me at all. Top was way too small!
You do not get what is shown, I received 2 black 2 gray and 1 dark grey. If you do not care what color your getting then not a bad deal.
I ordered this shirt in twice the first was too small so I ordered a large still too small I normally wear small shirts!
Doesnt fit right needs to be more solid too flimsy
The color on the description says beige, but it is white. Very thin and cheaply made, wouldn't recommend.
For some reason there was no 2X size available the next size was too big.
I'm 5'8 and 165lbs. I ordered a Large and it's not long enough. The jacket hikes up to my belly button when I raise my arms. The shoulders are too snug also. I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it. The material isn't the greatest either.
I do really love the design and colors, but overall I have some reservations. I can't really tell what the fiber content is. The socks were not individually wrapped/banded and the bag they came in didn't specify the fibers used. They feel more like cotton than anything else. On four of the pairs there are very short loose ends sticking out on the front of the fabric. This makes me worry that they may start unraveling soon. On all pairs there are very long loose floats of thread on the inside - long enough to catch on toes so you have to take care putting them on. This also makes me wonder how durable they will be. They do stretch to fit my Woman's Size 10 feet, but this makes the leg portion very short. I took a chance because sometime socks that say they will run only to size 9 are stretchier and fit me fine. Fortunately my ankles are not wide, otherwise the tops might be too tight. Though I wouldn't order these again, mostly because of the sizing, I guess they are worth the price I paid and I am going to keep them because they really are cute, but I don't expect them to last particularly long. I would recommend them for someone with smaller feet only if you don't mind the quality issues.
Just another cheap stretchy bra. Nothing to write home about.
One pair was ao tight with to much elastic i guess that we couldn't even get it on our foot but the others seemed normal.
The color is very pretty however, if you are average height or shorter it will not fit you at all. The crotch was halfway my thighs and I'm 5'5 at than most.
The words look gold in the picture but they are really more yellow and the material is cheap. It's not good quality at all. Glad it's not the only birthday outfit I ordered for my daughter.
I've been buying these undies for more than 20 years!! I'm a nurse and always wore white uniforms so I needed a dependable undie that fit well and looked good under white. Every January I usually got a few packs of these so I could sort out the worn ones, and I'd be all set for the year. But....this time I got the six pack and upon opening I immediately noticed the material was a lot thinner! The fit was tighter than usual and they were not all the same! Two of them were larger than the others. Also I was dismayed to find that the shrinkage was more than it used to be. Where is your quality control? These used to be an excellent quality underwear, NOT so anymore! Will be shopping another brand from now on.
Just an FYI- coffee color means brown.... not black. I can't be the only one that could make this mistake. Wallet is a bit bulky
So this material and design is wonderful. They breathe great, they are cool and comfortable and don't bunch up. They fit large for their size - XL on me was perfect for a size 40 pant waist and they were not too snug but not falling down. However the seam was split on the first day i wore them on a walk! That negates just about everything else that is positive about them if you can only wear them once!
I was so excited when I got this suit for my baby. It is super cute and provided good coverage. However, we are only on our 3rd month of using it and the only 1 snap is left. The first snap fell off after the first month, and the second broke today. Very disappointed. Now I have to buy a new suit for only the month of summer left.
My kids are tall and this was still too big even though I bought two sizes down. Shoulders are HUGE
The top isn't a total bust, hence the two stars. But the picture depicts brighter colors with the yellow and the gray which is not what arrived. The pants, *sigh* are not shiny as pictured which throws the set completely off course of what it was expected to be. The pearls on the pants give it a cheap, quick- diy vibe. I will wear the top with other bottoms. The pants are in the trash.
This runs small. Was unable to use it. Gave it away.
It's cute and comfy and fits like I'd expect it to, but unfortunately it just wasn't sewed together well. The worst offender is the front pocket, which is sewed on at 45 degree angle. The seams for the color blocks also don't quite match up front to back.
I would not recommend this product. The material is cheap and the buttons on the crotch is plastic (i.e. not comfy). Please save your money and go purchase a different bodysuit.
Nice product but was too small
Cut off leg circulation like no other. Went back to the Nike dri-fit cushions.
Slim but wristlet will not slide on wrist without a lot of manipulation. It is also very stiff and my drivers license doesn't fit in the holder
Very difficult to put on. Did not fit my chest size properly.
Wasn't a long enough length for my torso. And I didn't like the material. Got a different one
It's a beautiful mask, but the stick is in 2 pieces (which I knew & planned on). However the mask is made out of 2 pieces held together by 4 small connectors. Once of the connectors was in the bag and the mask was folded on the end. So I had to bend the metal back but I can't get the connector to go on like the others. Unfortunately, won't be able to use it for the masquerade event i bought it for like this.
the scarf is navy blue but the hat is black & white. what the???
Material is cheap but you get what you pat for
The sizing was all wrong. It didn't fit correctly
Smelled very strongly and was very stringy and see through.
These are not comfortable. The legs rolls up after about an hour or so of wear. Will be looking for another alternative
one of the belt loops has disconnected on one end after wearing once.
Seller is a con artist and a horrible liar
WAY shorter than the pictures... almost comically short. I bought it in a pinch of time for my daughter for a wedding and it's just not what I thought. Also... if you do order, Order up a size or two. Really cute print tho. The pockets are at a strange height too, too low.
I went up a size since people were saying they run small. I wear an xl in Hanes colored briefs so I figured xl in these white briefs would be the same. The waist fits fine but after an hour or so of wearing them the elastic in the legs become loose. No support at all. My Hanes premium colored briefs don't do this. I reordered one size down (Lg), will see if they're any better. Really disappointed in these briefs.
It did not fit the way it was pictured as loose and comfortable. I bought this as a gift.
Way too long! They fit as expected and offer a bit of support, but they are so long, I could wear them as a dress. So disappointed.
Shorter and thinner than expected. Not good quality.
Way too small! I was expecting something loose and flowing like the picture but that's not at all what this is on me. It's wearable and almost long enough to wear with leggings, but not quite. Go a size or 2 for the look on the model.
feather go everywhere off from it and they are super thin
Adorable and soft but super small!!! I wear a large normally and read reviews so I bought a xxxl as I was hoping for a baggy fit... it fits snug and is in no way a 3xl. If you order, go up at least 2 sizes!
I own white one, i love it but this black one is so tight and just does not fit right, not really happy. My body has not changed, in fact i lost a few pounds.
They came in with holes in them!
Fell apart with ease very quickly
REALLY really cheap scuba like material. I wont wear this dress in public. the material is shiny which does not show up in the photo. I guess you get what you pay for.
They ripped the 3rd time I tried to wear them. They fit great, so it wasnt that they were to tight, just the fabric wasnt very good at all. Very disappointing especially for the cost of these.
The bottoms fits perfect but the top is huge ! It's like I got the wrong size . I would return if I didn't really need them ASAP .
Too long.. Otherwise perfect.. Had to get them tailored..
5'3 165 pounds hours glass figure. The dress fit me snug and did not look good. Also material wrinkles very easily. Returning.
They didn't last long. They stretched out, lost their shape, and lost any strength in their structure. They were basically wonderful socks that had to be hand-washed. They turned out to be a great disappointment, because they were warm and felt so good when I got them.
It's a very pretty sweater is just was a little bit larger than I expected
The fabric is good, but the fit is very misleading. This is not slim fit, but regular fit. If you have an athletic/slim body type, this will appear very boxy in the torso, and loose around the wrists.
Too small gave it to a friend
Really tight in the arms
The product is soft and comfortable however, it is too sheer. All three pairs were very sheer and you could see my underwear very clearly through the material.
This dress was super cute in the picture and the box. But on my body it was very loose around the stomach and incredibly tight around my bottom/legs. I ended up returning and purchasing the same style dress from a store that fit more like it does in the photo.
It was bright purple which is not what I expected at all... otherwise... i love it.
looks washed out, don't like the material or the fit
Cut was weird. And very very thin fabric.
The buckle looks great and high quality but it is the wrong buckle and the wrong finish. I paid to have it shipped out in one day and I get the wrong item sent to me.
They fit perfectly but were stained prior to arriving at my home. I loved the fit but as soon as I looked at them in the mirror I noticed multiple dark stains down one of the pant legs
The shirt is made of much thinner material than i Expected. It was also much shorter than I expected from the photos. I thought the cut would be flattering and hide my belly, but while it doesn't accentuate it, you can definitely see it. Not as flattering as I hoped.
This was smaller than I expected it to be. I thought it would be blousy and flowy but it is form fitting.
Abdomen area is not able to hold my stomach too loose.
The seam runs right down the bottom on the sock (bottom of the foot), which I have never seen for these type of socks. It was extremely uncomfortable to wear, would not recommend.
This tank top was only available in one size. It was offered for a great price don't get me wrong but I am a tiny little thing & to have this tank top not even fit me makes me wonder if it should be listed as Juniors/Kids & not Woman's. I am 5'1 and 105 lbs with a small chest size also. Had I had B's or C's in chest size this tank top wouldn't even be able to get on. It fit so tightly it was uncomfortable. It's very cute but just doesn't fit.
Super small ordered a large and it fit like i was a10 year old boy Crappy quality as well
To wear with boots and were too high.
Product is decent quality, but it does not fit like pictured. Maybe sizing up would be better for a looser fit in the bust and shoulders. Had to return.
Zipper class connected backwards, where the small part of the class would be attached to the zipper and the wider part is not it's reversed, and the end same is showing Black thread when I sit down, the size is one a little large I would get a size smaller if I wanted them again.
Says one size fits all, well I'm a size 9 and they are way too small.
Very had to use with just one hand.
Only issue is the sizing
Beautiful top but the fit is not right. I ordered a large, which I usually wear, but it was too tight and pulled across the chest area, pulling the top open between buttons. Very disappointed because I was looking forward to wearing this top.
I was stretching at the gym and they tore right in the crotch! Completely embarrassing!!!
I initially bought this top based off the great reviews it received however, when the top arrived I quickly found that the fabric was very thin and see through. I tried on the top and it runs a bit large and long, and you could clearly see through the shirt. A bit disappointed, I am hoping to return it.
Really enjoy the fit and style of this sweatshirt. Its lightweight like I was expecting. I just wish the quality was better. After just 2 washes the seam on the neck opening is tearing. The hood string also came out in the wash as well. Personally I would've rather spent the money on a product that I know would last longer.
I have washed the shirt once and it's already fading
This bra itches me. The fit is good, but after multiple washes the seam line along the top is still irritating.
It is pretty comfy, however you can see through it! I'm 5'4", about 130, 34 B, the small/medium was a nice fit. However due to the sheerness, unfortunately I will have to return it.
Lighter than picture. I wear a medium in tops and small in bottoms. So I ordered a medium and it's way too big. You can't adjust it either and the material is baggy and very cheap. Would not buy again.
I loved the pattern but they were way shorter then the cheaper compression socks I ordered. I was really disappointed and will not be ordering from them again.
Very cute but went up past my son's bellybutton. I returned them.
I really like the fit of this shirt, I purchased the navy & green plaid one. I washed it before wearing and I can tell it's going to pill, one wash and the fabric is pilling. If it doesn't get worse with every wash it will be ok, but I don't like the pilling and fading of this after just one wash. It's not going to stand up to washing & wearing that I can see.
I didn't like the fabric. The fabric is too thin is almost a see through fabric. Very unhappy with it.
Work as a nursing top, however the quality is poor and they are stained and misshapen now after use for only 2 weeks. Unfortunately nursing tops are so expensive I was hoping to save money with these, but I was better off paying more for a better quality item.
Extremely thin material, not what I expected. I ordered a size up anticipating a smaller fit and glad I did.
It's a beautiful bag, good size, many compartments. But as yet I have been unable to use it because of the odor. It has a very strong chemical smell. I have had it hanging in my garage, airing it out since i received it. Hoping it will improve.
I wouldn't order this again. It's super long way below my knees and it's sort of big. I'm 5 ft 4in. Y'all and this dress is made for someone about 6 ft tall. I'm keeping it only because I don't have time to get another one and I'm having a friend hem it. I do t have time to return it and reorder it and get it back in time to wear it. ☹️ The material is cotton. Nothing special about this.
Advertised as a men's zippered hoodie sweatshirt when its really a women's zippered hoodie (the way I've always understood zipper-side to mean that is). Otherwise, its well made & stylish but not as warm as I thought it would be.
Ordered navy blue and received black. Love that it was available same day but I won't be able to use it since they sent the wrong color.
Enormous. Bought a 2x, looks and fits like a 4x.
Product was cheaply made . came in three pieces. Did not look like the pix
Nice color and great price but the shape was weird and didn't fit quite well.
I got these in a large and they're so low that they slide off a lot and way to low to the private area, might've been my body type but they aren't for me and I ended up buying some from motherhood and Jessica Simpson maternity in a large and those were way better.
it is was too small in the arms and shoulders otherwise I loved the dress so I am bummed
I thought that it was two - one for the waist and one for the hips. From the picture provided it looks like it goes all the way up to the bra-line. So I was a bit disappointed.
Definitely pretty and smells good. Photos are incredibly misleading though. The actual product in hand is disappointing and nowhere near as substantive as the product details claim to be. The seller reached out with a robot email asking about customer satisfaction, but no actual reply to my grievance. Not nearly worth the asking price. Too much of a hassle to return so I gave it away.
I fit the dress on, on the bottom of the dress with the threads are coming out
Like the pattern however the shirt looks nothing like it does in the picture. Picture is very deceiving!!!
Way too small. I bought a medium for my daughter who usually wears medium and a large for my niece who usually wears a large and both were way too small.
Suuuuuper soft but this thing is HUGE.
Cheap quality. Wasnt impressed.
When I received the pkg I noticed that the colors didn't match my order. I thought it was not a big deal and I proceed to wrap it because it was a present for my husband . Yesterday, my husband open his gift and noticed that there were motorcycles prints on the socks instead of bicycles. Although the quality of the product was very good, it was not what I expected/ordered.
I'm a 32 or 34 band and the 34 was too big. Also, there was a weird excess of the wing fabric. Think the theory is that this extra fabric will provide a gentle fit that's supposed to be forgiving and keep your armpit area from spilling over the top of the wings. But it just kind of gapes open at the top.
I liked the colors , i didnt like the way it fit.
Cute but tore the first wear. Pretty garbage. Be extra careful when putting it on. Now I wear it with knee highs over them to cover the rip which is great for winter anyway.
I'm about 5'9 and a size 14 and I thought this would be a little sexy surprise for my boyfriend but still plain for everyday wear. Unfortunately, I broke both pairs by trying to stretch them upwards so they would fit like in the picture. Because of my height the crotch hole only reached the middle of my inner thigh and didn't wear like the picture at all.
These socks are very padded and nice, however, I wear a size 8 1/2 and the large is still too small. No room for toes. I will buy a men's size and forget about the pink color. Gave them to my mom who wears a size 7.
Poor quality, washed it once and it's alrwady super faded.
They shrank first wash and became too short to wear. I would recommend ordering size up
The Material was very thin!
It runs two sizes smaller- returning it.
I did not order these to wear as pants, so I never expected them to be ultra thick. However, I can see my skin through the material, which I think looks like a bad pair of tights under my dresses, so I sent them back.
So disappointed it WAS NOT Locks and Love. Said that is what it would be. Can't be sure anymore. I am done with you now. I have so many and keep buying the new colors . Go look as you lost a good buyer. Didn't call 'cuz you would want me to send it back. NO WAY. Not my fault.
Very flimsy material
Super awkward small fit, but then big in other areas... Super weird, returned it.
they were cut so short that it was more like dust crumbles rather than sprinkles.
I love the fabric and the fit. At first I thought “perfect, exactly what I wanted.” The seams tore on the second wear, and no they were not too small. Shame.
lol i got them today and they look nothing like the pic...
This fits great but the stitching is really bad. I literally put it on but ripped in 2 places. It fits great other than the fact it was made cheap :(
I was excited putting the bottoms on, but it all went downhill with the top. What all of these reviews do not tell you is that the way the top is fit- even smooth backs grow rolls. It was horrid. I've never felt more ugly in my life.
The color is more of a faded blue looking grey
They broke after 2 uses...
It looks a bit more awkward than as pictured. Even the model has her hands exactly over where the shorts scrunch up and look funny.
not what I expected, long tubed material. you basically put your head in one side and have to wrap it around completely. im disappointed in the product.
I am giving this two stars because I got the wrong size and i am in the process of returning. I ordered a small and received an XL. The bathing suit itself is very pretty and would have been perfect for my vacation in July.
It came with stitching coming out of it, stains on it and a half sewn on patch of material on one of the arms. Do not waste your money
The ultra low is not the case. These will not work with dress flats - Ok with sketchers or a trouser flat with a high vamp. Not what I expected. Better ones out there. I wear a women's US size 9 medium, so it's not that I have a delicate foot.
The model that we recived is not the same from the one in the picture
After less than 6 months, at least 2 pairs of this pack already have holes in them. It seems to be from the seams failing. I used to love the Hanes X-Temp boxer briefs, but I am now looking for a different type of underwear.
I guess you get what you pay for...poor quality
Fast delivery and decent fit. However material is too thin.
This dress is so gorgeous but definitely needs some work. The stitching isn't the best. The fit was okay. I felt like if I went down one size the dress would have been to small but in the size I got there were some areas that were very loose. Unfortunately it made me look very shapeless because there isn't much waist definition so I ended up not actually wearing it. I bought this for a small backyard wedding and it would definitely be great for that if you can get a size that fits you.
The product was packaged like new, and there was a tag on it, but the fabric looks like it's been through the wash once or twice. Like someone re-tagged the item and sent it back to the seller. I'm confused why a clearly used product would be resold. I won't be purchasing again.
I have purchased this item before and was pleased with the products received. This purchase was disappointing since one pair of the leggings fit as Capris.
I was excited to give these socks as a present but when they came, they were WAY too big for a "one size fits all" deal. There needs to be some basic size options.
I wear a medium in everything and this was pretty tight. The sleeves were also about 3 inches too short on both shirts. I've never had that problem with any article of clothing before.
Purchased for our five year olds birthday party. She had under the sea party so mermaid pants were perfect. These fit well and were very cute BUT the knees wore out on the first wear. Two large black spots are now on the knees. It's almost like the scales wore off. Our kiddo wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary when this happened. Was disappointed that they did not hold up to any amount of wear and tear but our daughter was happy to wear them for her party.
This was a nice set but a little small I don't like the huge open part on the side of your thigh it's not like the model it's a huge hole and very short on one side.I Returned this because it was to tight an a huge while it would of been nice if it was looser and the hole smaller
Top is cut higher than photo. Not flattering
Very short and see through. Bummer.
Have washed the cargo sweatpants and spent about 30 minutes getting all the lint off. And they still could use more work.
I bought a small for a six year old. It's more like for a 4 year old. The mask was extremely small and we were not even able to use it. It wouldn't even go over his head. A fair price for this costume would have been $5.00. It's a simple piece of material. Not happy with this purchase.
I don't see how you could wear this without at least a slip underneath. The material is extremely thin
pretty see- through... stretchy material... not super flattering.
Ordered a large for my wife but it will more likely fit my 2 year old daughter.
Item was quite nice on first wearing, but once washed, the did not fit well at all as they shrunk.
This dress is almost completely see through! It is super thin fabric and has ZERO shield from any glimmer of light. The straps are not adjustable either. I am 135 lbs and 5'4 and the small was too big. I will be returning. I only gave it 2 stars because I like the print...
Not at all as pictured... very disappointed
Got this for maternity shoots. Can't use any of the pictures. This is god awful
the quality on the pics is excellent, however, it's not the case physically, don't buy it
I just took this out of the dryer and the elastic is gone. I will have to fix it myself because I like the robe.
i bought this for an outdoor wedding because rain was scheduled - it did rain in fact - we went to take photos after the ceremony - i open it up and instead of Love is in the air, it said, Air is in the air - wow - did i feel stupid. Needless to say i will be sending it back. that being said, the quality seemed nice, i see a lot of folks saying it was cheap - it was more solid than those umbrella's you buy at the Family Dollar - and to be clear, the handle and tip are more of a really lite pink, not a cream or ivory color. but my suggestion is if you're going to order this, order two of them, i mean, i'm going to guess that both wouldn't be misprinted. I'll post a picture later, it's still raining and it's in the car. hope this helps.
Short and shiny. Looks like a cheap kid's bathrobe. I'll be returning this.
Very nice socks but the size 10-13 socks are too small for my size 10 1/2 Hubby. 😞
The product is very poorly sewn. It keeps on tearing all over.
Great tie for 2 months then this happened...poor quality!
I didn't like the fabric it was a weird stuff knit. The fit was big and unflattering.
I thought the shirt would be a army green color but the shirt is black/gray/white. Not cute at all. I wanted it for Memorial Day but returned it.
It was gone be for 70's party
Unfortunately, these are not warm at all. May be useful for rainy fall days - but not for winter weather. Disappointing because they are easy to move in and you can easily use your touch screen technology while wearing them.
Runs pretty large. Looks more like a nightgown on.
So the size fits fine but I'm 5'8” at 245lbs and I can't adjust it for my height. I wish there was a 3x available because it would fit better for my height and weight.
This product for loosely under the arms so much that I was concerned about boob leakage. Do NOT pay attention to the many folks who tell you to order a size up. I seriously think the issue is that we don't know our sizes, not that the swimsuit is running small. Reality is hard. I just lost 40 pounds. I know this.... I am 5'8 and 158 pounds. I am pear shaped and smaller on top than on bottom. This suit was horribly unflattering and gaped under the arms. I gave it to my twin to try. She's more of a pear and 5'8 and 180 pounds. It looked awful on her too.
Honestly, my own glue and water concoction worked better, and this DID affect color.
too tiny on the bottom and too big on the top. The material is also poor quality. They wont let me return it
THE VAIL WAS NOT AS LONG AS IN THE PICTURE
Shocked by lack of quality
They aren't made very well as my daughter has only worn them once as the stitching where the band attaches has come apart.
Ripped within a week of wearing it. Held shape of where my fat rolls roll over, and didn't hug me as tight as I needed
Much shorter than I expected based on photos and reviews. Looks great on the model! It's frumpy in real life.
This swim suit lasted maybe a month and then started losing its elasticity. I'm very disappointed in the durability of this product. But it was extremely cute.
crotch came apart. They were beautiful though. Wish I had another pair. Had to send these back.
My biggest complaint is the sizing. The Small was the smallest option and it should have been small enough but it was still too big.
Bow is super shiny and cheap looking :(
these are really cute but the first time I wash them after wearing them a few times they started to shred the elastic in them almost not wearable anymore
These were really baggy in the thigh area. I'm returning them
As previous posts mentioned. The dumb aplique is so big and scratchy I dnt use the top. I give it two stars because the shorts are nice and perfect for summer with t shirts.
Cute pattern and very soft but super low quality, they fell apart after a few months of wash and wear
Definitely not one size fits all. It's more of a standard US medium to large.
This dress had a terrible fit at the chest! Also, be aware of the return policy! I had to pay for return shipping and was NOT happy!!!
I was hoping for something that softens like a good old-fashioned cotton shirt.
Product looked nice, but had to return. It was way too small
Product did not include shin guards as indicated on the package. Useless!! 😡
The dress was beautiful nice material but runs really small and I did not have time to order another size and receive it on time
These are not great. The fit is super weird, and being short, they are way too long for capris. Also, very see thru....
Ordered a size up and it was too small. Have to return
The top really rides up. The bottoms fit, but the overall effect was kinda sloppy. Maybe not best for a tall size 12. Returned.
Absolutely beautiful jacket...gorgeous...but are these kid sizes? I am an XL and the 2xl was nowhere near closing...had to give it to my nephew...what the heck?
Cute hat, but the metal clasp in the back broke the second time I wore the hat. Very disappointed.
Ordered the size I always buy and it's too small, disappointed in the sizing of the garment, other than that it a very nice garment.
these are thin, definitely not high rise. meh
Fit is small. Order one to two sizes larger.
Ordered an xl according to the size chart. WAY too small.
Poor quality, the top crown broke down with in a few weeks of use.
Seems like very nice quality really had my hopes up this was going to work.. but unfortunately did not it just made everything yellow and even bothered my eyes made them blurry.
Beautiful, but fell apart at the wedding.
The fabric was not chiffon and the dress hits a few inches above the knee. The dress I received was not the one I see in other reviewers photos.
Please be aware that these camis are NOT cotton. Maybe a blend 50/50 but no where near 100% cotton. Printed material info is unreadable. Fit is fine. I would not order these again.
The print quality was not good. The image was washed out and the colors were off.
The jeans fit perfectly and is super comfortable the only issue that I am having is that the zipper doesn't stay zipped. I have to check every second to make sure it doesn't unzip itself... I don't know if it's because it's a defective or it's just the quality of the zipper. Is it possible to fix this?
I had a black belt by dickies like this one and I never had a problem with it. But unfortunately it finally got so worn down it broke after 10+ years. So I ordered this one since it was the same look and brand...but this one isn't so good. It doesn't stay tight and my pants keep falling down because it won't stay where it should. Very frustrating. I've bought other things from dickies lately and I've had nothing but disappointment. The shirts run smaller than they used to, same as the pants and shorts. Guess i'll try another workwear company...
These are okay. They are warm soft and comfortable. But they one of the three was the size I ordered and the other two way to small.
It was extremely smelly. Not just a bad odor. I can usually put items out in the fresh air and they're fine. This had to be washed. Had I not needed it for a couple of immediate events, I would have returned it. Now it's being u/we'd by little girls for dress ups.
Giving this 2 stars only because it did not fit as expected. I bought an xl and it feels like a large.
Started to unthread and tear up after a 2 weeks of wearing it on and off. Over priced for the material used
They are all a different size, it's no good.
I was sent the wrong size! Dress tag says lg & it looks like a moomoo on me. The pkg says med & that's what I ordered. Now I'm trying to sell it so I don't have to mess with sending it back.
It fit sound the chest, but the breast area too small. Want to return:( but window closed already)
Fell apart after ~2 months of use.
It fit perfectly. It's a cute design. Reasonably priced. However, I'd really like a product that doesn't squeeze me and make me look fatter. I have really loose stomach skin from having kids, and I thought it'd smooth that out. It just squeezes my skin into a ball. I look obese or pregnant. It didn't look slimming.
It's a nice tee, but the picture is incorrect, this is a fitted tee, not straight as pictured. If you're looking for something fitted, this is your tee! But if you want it loose around the midsection this is not your tee, I returned it, too bad because it's very cute.
I've purchased this type of pant from another seller and in medium, but this brand is way too tight! Total disappointment because I really wanted black comfy stretchy pants to wear while running errands. Total muffin top. I'm 5'1 and 138lbs. Runs small so I should've sized up.
This product does not look like the picture. The dress is far too short to be considered a slip. It is more like a shirt. I do not recommend it. I gave it two stars because it is very soft material.
About right for a 10 shoe size. I have grand sons who wear from 15s down. I will just pass them on and buy from a different vendor.
I have other sweaters I like better so I returned this. I don't buy anything I don't love.
This fell apart the moment it came out of the bag. Super disappointing.
They fit good but they broke after the first use.....disappointed....
It run too small And I have no idea how to return it
The fit is ok, shorter than advertised. The color and pattern of the burgundy is much lighter and faded. Sending back.
These were great at first but lots have started poking out wires And wearing out and I only bought a couple months ago.
It's cute, but it stretches too easily
The picture first show the ugly knot like thing at the waist. Long wait for product to arrive
Honestly, I think this was a waste of $. They don't necessarily remain attached unless your pants are tight. Also, I lost a little weight and that rendered them useless. I guess I have to go eat a dozen donuts so that I can come and report back to you. But honestly, loose the damn five pounds and save yourself the trouble.
The first one I received, one of the headphone was broken already. It looks good enough and it'll do.
There was fast shipping but I didn't like the shirt at all. I'm 5'7”, 130 pounds. I got a medium and it just hung on me. It has a weird neckline that was choking me but then flared out. It does have nice material and is a pretty pattern.
The swimsuit was came on time & looks great. It's just to small for me.
I like it but it was too small
the shirt was spotted on the right side of the front
material is kinda crappy and thin.
The pink stripe is sparkly, which is not as shown in the picture, and the top is VERY short. I'm 5'3, 130 pounds, and it comes up to just about my ribs. It is not as form fitting at the bottom as shown in the pictures so my back is exposed when wearing it with even high waisted skirts and shorts. If this was longer to at least the belly button it'd be perfect, but it looks like something you'd find at a slutty children's store.
So these are see through. Other than that they are very nice but I will be returning.
This product was not as soft as I thought it would be. It's no softer than a normal cotton shirt.
Never received - We left SC on May 2nd.
Really nice material but not good for women with big boobs. I'm 165lbs and a 36DD and ordered a large. The body of the suit fit great but it provided zero support or coverage for my chest. Would be a great swim suit for people with small-medium boobs
Totally see-through. Returned these right away.
Bought for a wedding, ordered a size larger than normal because of the measurements and was way too small. Also, you have to be like 5'0 tall for it to look good. Legs are too short.
The size was small , meaning short, the material was not as I expected either,
Very nice hubby loved it unfortunately it broke after only one use. Bought it yesterday fell apart next day.
The torso is really small and baggy in the chest but I'm sure for a big chested woman it would look beautiful
It's short and the fabric looks cheap.
It's cute, but changed colors after wearing it like 2 times. Pretty disappointed.
I like that they don't slip, however though the lace is lovely, it's easily torn through. I pulled them so that the lace is above my toes, but when wearing, somehow the lace moves to the toe area, and toes poke through
Fits alright but there 8s no crotch gusset so the seam is kind of uncomfortable
The pictures and look of this are deceiving. This cardigan is not nearly as long as it looks like. A little disappointed. Considering sending back.
Worked well at first but literally just fell off after about 30 mins not a fun experience
This shirt is not thin and loose like the picture and its not even the same color. It fits more like a cotton t-shirt with sleeves cut off than a loose hanging tank as described. Disappointed for sure.
These are so cute and soft but the fingers split when I put them on. Maybe, the seams were already split - not sure. Other than that, I love them. Tempted to try fabric glue before I send them back because I really do love them.
Very little support - I understand it has thin in the description, but I did not see much of a point to it as it was so light-weight it didn't do much at all. Almost felt as if it would rip if I pulled on it too hard.
My 2.5 year old toddler is a bit small, so these are huge on her now. Will save for later use, though.
Quality isn't bad but WAY too huge in the calves. These things would've been loose on my thighs even. Be warned, without some creative alteration they will be at your ankles. I've read other reviews where they were too tight. So either they have gigantic calves or the quality control on sizes are lacking.
I love the looks of this. However, it's very thin, and cheap feeling. I feel like it's going to rip at any given time. For $30.00, should be made better!;-(;-(
I guess the collar brim itself is too wide because everytime I try to wear this thing I look like I just stepped off the Nina, Pinta, or the Santa Maria.
OMG the zipper on the pockets separated as soon as I tried to use them!!! BUMMER
The neck portion of this sweater is too long making it very thick if folded down giving it a very odd look.
I expected this bra to be very comfortable but it's not...the hook and eye closure in the back is super stiff and uncomfortable and even the XL size didn't fit well. Had I known it has a closure in the back I would not have ordered it.
Bought these for my boyfriend. Belt loop ripped off within first week. Knee tore at about 3 months. now the back pockets are coming off(about 5 months in). Absurd.
Does not work at all.
Bummed...these are VERY soft! Length is perfect and I love the design ..was going to buy more, BUT I just looked down and noticed a hole had already tore in them...I'm 5'9'' and 180, overweight but not terribly so- I wear a size 12 in pants so..maybe these were just too small but they fit fine otherwise.
Bought these sock because they were supposed to be fleece sock. They're not they are chenille socks. Not nearly as warm as fleece which is what I was needing. And like others have said don't want to stay but but want to surround your ankles
I do not really like the material
The color is very different when I open the package pattern is the same so a little bit disappointed that it looks really off color
Magnet cannot even stay together with only 8 bills clipped in
It was shorter than I was expecting and the material didn't seem like it was very high quality. It is cute though.
Ordered this design a year or two ago and the front pocket interior material, where you put your hands for keys, loose change, keep them warm, etc..., was a similar color to the pants. The interior material is now a bright white which doesn't look good at all when you move a certain way and the upper area of the interior pocket material peaks out. Looks like your underwear is showing... disappointed with their cost saving measure with the pocket interior material change. Other than that, they were my favorite pants. Fit well, durable, no other issues.
The shirt is really cute and looks just like the picture except it would fit a child.
Distressed logo was nice but out on cheap T-shirt. Buy from Audi for better quality
I loved fit and look of this dress, but it started to pill and fade after the first wash :(
too tight for size 11
Never actually wore these because they shrank so much when I washed them.
Would be useful if the loop didn't pull out before first use.
The shirt seems very nice. Extremely soft, but unfortunately I needed to return it for a larger size for the person I was going to give it to and realized I was going to be charged over $5.00 to do so. Very disappointed as I am now stuck with a shirt that doesn't fit.
I like the print on the front, but the shirt is very wide and boxy, thick fabric and basically a men's shirt. Wish the fabric was softer with a more flattering cut.
Don't waste your money. It was too small, the pockets are fake and it looked much better in the picture.
It looked like it was made for a child and very see through. I had to return it
These socks were too thin for me. I work in a hospital for 12 hours at a time. They don't absorb sweat very well.
This product was warm but is very heavy. Imagine wearing a pair of sweatpants as a zip robe. I thought I would like this kind of material but it was just too thick.
very thick you can see them from a mile away under shirt
Sleeve length is short as well as overall length. Poorly constructed cheap material, not as pictured.
I'm a size 9/10 so I based my purchased size on other reviews and size chart. These were large om my thighs (my thighs are meaty) and on my waist. Also this is not the style I received. I liked the distressed look and ended up with plain Jane shorts. Too much money spent on something that I didn't expect. I made other purchases and had a lot of luck just not with the shorts.
Looks just like the photo, only complaint is it came w some spots of something on it
Unless you are a seamstress don't bother. It fits really strange on my little one.
The nightgown had a very strong chemical smell. I washed it and you could still smell it s not. The color faded so much after the first wash that it looked like a very old nightgown. The navy blue color didn't match the robe I had. My breasts kept popping out of it also. It is comfortable and great for breast feeding though. I would choose something else if I had to choose over again.
This hat did not work out for me. Well made and the ponytail notch was a smart idea. The hat was tight and the rim came down very low. I looked like I was wearing a Holly Hobbie bonnet.
To tight in the chest and arms.. Unlike the model in the photo, one would think this blouse is loose, however when I purchased a larger size, it didn't fit right on me. Save your money.
Size was to small. Nice but won't fit.
I typically love anything I buy from this company, but not this time. It's not the size, but the strange way it's cut that just looks all wrong. Unfortunately, it arrived just before I left on a long trip and I didn't try it on right away. So I'm stuck with a very strange cut top that looks great when I hold it up, but looks horrible on me.
It's very form fitting and the skirt is almost completely straight. I find the fabric very uncomfortable as well. I'm 155 lbs and 5 feet 4 inches, 36C, and I ordered a large. I wear Medium-Large across the board for women's clothing. It is way too tight to wear as a nightgown, but maybe as a shift if I absolutely need to.
The first time I dried this shirt in a dryer - afterwords it turned out to be a belly shirt! Barely went past my bellybutton! Suck!
Quality is so-so. Way too small for a size 8.
Very poor quality hat, was shipped in an envelope through the mail, completely deformed.
I'm very disappointed in the product. I only wore the leggings twice (and didn't even wash them!) before they started to pill terribly! Completely unwearable in public now. They are also pretty short - I'm 5'7 and the small hits about 3-4 inches above my ankle.
HAD TO RETURN- WAIST FIT BUT THE REST WOULD FIT A HIPPOPOTAMUS
Size was way off quality not great! I returned it.
Very thin material and provides no support. Not wearable. It only get so 2 stars because it's cute.
I love the fabric and style of these headbands, however they are way too small! There is a huge variation in the sizes of each one as well. Some I may be able to get away with wearing- others I had to pass on to my daughter because they're way too tight. And I don't have an unusually large head....
I loved the sayings on the bracelets but not the fact that they changed the color of my skin to green after a few days of wear.
Suit is cute but it's huge! I ordered a medium and it's baggy in the crotch and very loose in the chest, if you order go at LEAST one size smaller than your usual if not two.
Got these for a friend who is a size 6 1/2. She said he toes are smashed in.
Cup size runs a little big. The material in the sides a little strange and a little yellow tinged. I find the bra has a strange odor. I washed it 2 times odor still there. I should have returned it. Now it is too late.
Very fast shipping but first day I had a pair on a large hole developed in the toe within a couple of hours.
Fabric is not too bad, but it is just really boxy and unflattering. I did keep it.
Nice material but couldn't wear as size runs too small.
Not my favorite at all. Weird fit. Almost like maternity ... the thighs were tight but the pants were bagging. Super heavy material too
Had a bad smell that lingered for several weeks.
not only was product thin but it did not fit like a 2T
Really cute suit, but really strange bust...too wide...will have to return the suit. I might have made it work if the padded bra was removable.
Slides right down my leg, even after positioning it MUCH higher up my leg than I was wanting to wear it. Would be better to offer various sizes and have buyer measure around the part of the leg where they want to wear it for sizing determination.
Looked cheap and ruined the aesthetics of the dress.
This shorts were comfortable and looked great when I was standing but as soon as I sat down, they became extremely uncomfortable and restricting on thighs, lady parts, and especially my waist thanks to the fabric having no stretch. They are completely impractical, unless you want to size way up and wear them baggy.
✓ The product Arrived on time and in perfect condition, without any damages. ✓ Color is pretty much the same as given in the pictures. ✓ Product design is the same too. ✓ I am 5'2" - 115 lbs - US size 2. The size Small of this product was a perfect fit for me - everywhere except the arms. The arm holes were a bit too huge. Without even lifting my arms, my bra was visible. ✓ Since the product fits me perfectly otherwise, alterations of any sorts would ruin this top for me. Also, ordering a size smaller wouldn't help. ✓ So, I am returning this dress. ✓ Also, the fabric isn't chiffon. It must be Rayon or polyester mix. I'm not sure!
Sadly it's not built very well. It does look nice and it's slim, but the lining in the money area is not stitched, instead it's glued. So if you put more then your ID in the clear window, you risk it coming apart. I managed to glue it back together again, but I doubt it'll last long. It would have been much nicer if it was stitched together.
Thought these would work as they were comfortable, but poked a hole with my finger right through the material when putting one pair on. Returned them.
The material this product is made out of makes it look and feel cheap. If you plan on wearing this below a jacket or coat then it might work fine for what it is designed for. If you want to wear this as a vest over a shirt forget it, you won't like it.
Cheap get holes in after 2 wears
I wear a size 14 pant ans this would not buckle around my waist. The purse was fine but i am unable to use it :(
Itchy. Thumb holes different sizes. Seems not totally even. Zipper finicky. Cheap quality.
I love this sweater, but it shrunk after one time wearing it. Totally disappointed:(
This is the second top of this style I have ordered from this seller. The first fit great, had soft material. This top was at least a size smaller than the first although advertised as the same. The material was thin and shiny, like you would see in a drugstore halloween costume. I am 5'3", 36D, curvy. Ordered an XL, which fit like a smsll large ir even medium.
Runs smaller than expected and also runs short.
They are “off black” in color. No where on the order did it say anything other than black. Off back is more like grey.
Very thin material . Won't buy again
no pouch in front. picture is deceiving and ad is deceiving
large might fit to size 8 1/2
This looked like a top
Did not fit as I wanted it to. The skirt was too large and the top too tight. I material used to make the costume also looked cheap.
I love the jacket however I am a size 6-8. I ordered a large and it's too tight and too short.
Theses socks showed up with many small holes.
Too thick like a crochet sweater yarn not cotton and light.
It actually fits great but there was some string/stitching hanging out the side seem under the armpit area and the elastic/hemming seemed to be a little stretched out on one butt cheek which I didn't realize until after I was wearing it for about 20 minutes, I was wondering why it felt like my one cheek wasn't staying covered. After looking at it, I think maybe the measurements are bigger on one side verses the other. I wasn't extremely concerned with the area under the armpit but know I wish I would've examined it a lot more before wearing it out of the house. Other than those issues I love it but I feel like I got a defective item. It would have "5" stars if it didn't have those defects. Hopefully they'll send me a replacement without the defects.
Cute print. Shorter torso than expected making it appear boxy
Nice skirt. So disappointed, being a One Size, way too full for me who normally wears XS.
The material is extremely thin you can see right through it. Very poor quality.
The fabric was Rayon. Not nearly as much stretch and comfort as cotton which is what I was lead to believe I was getting. Several comments suggested to size down one size. FALSE. At least not in the rayon fabric Version. It was very tight through the chest and arms. Highly disappointed.
This doesn't fit me well, and it is different in material and color from the photo. The red is a bright red, not burgundy. The sleeves fit my arms perfectly, but it's too wide in the underarm and chest area.
Beautiful dress however sizing.is.off. It looks long in the picture but it really isn't. I am a short person and to.me the dress was short. Material is okay. It's hit or.miss!
Very soft but fall apart after 1 wash and wear. Would work great as disposable socks.
The suit is definitely much, much smaller than tagged. Buyer beware! It is easily two sizes smaller than advertised. Otherwise, from what I could tell, the fabric seems to be okay and it seems to be well made. I just can't wear the darned thing at all.
These are not good at all! They don't adhere well and start falling off after an hour of wearing them
My mom did not like this
Love the wallet, but I carried it for a week and it tore apart. Not good quality.
These tights are very cheap quality. They material is not silky, but more like a thin quilt. There is no structure to the waist area. Very cheap quality.
2x fit like a large!
If this fit, I would've loved it, I'm sure. I'm a size 18 U.S. with large breasts and ordered the 3xl. Unfortunately, it was still about 2 sizes too small. I couldnt even button it. Had to return.
they sent the wrong color
Much smaller than expected, will need to go up a couple sizes. Really. The jacket though
I ordered the 4x after the 5x were way too large. The 4x fit but do not provide support very well and everything feels very loose. Sticking to another brand i bought on amazon that are perfect. Wanted these since you can order all black.
I returned 2 of these shirts so far and have requested a refund but it keeps giving me a replacement. I don't want a replacement, I WANT A REFUND PLZ!! The shirt is kind of cute although a bit off on the colors , but it does have some flaws with the stitching!
For me it does not make a visable difference when wearing it
Not great quality, the hearts on the sleeves feel like inexpensive felt
These did not fit me well- kept sliding off and never felt secure.
It's very pretty and soft but runs a size smaller. Wish there was a XXL
Looks cheap cup size smaller than expected
Cute fit...but not even close to fleece lined..... Maybe technically the fabric has fleece but it doesn't feel like what you'd expect and certainly isn't warm.
These run a bit big, the strings are good the triangle runs long.
Fits fine, looks cheap.
Very tight and not true to size. Would not purchase again without this information.
The part by the neck looked and felt weird. It fit perfectly but it was kind of uncomfortable!
I liked the style of this shirt, but when I ordered it I didn't know it was made out of canvas thick material. And that's the reason I returned it.
Product looks great but after just trying them on to see how they looked they picked up a hole already. Literally only had them on for five minutes to see how they looked with my kilt. Hole is big enough to put my pinky through in the area where the elastic for my flashing went. Does not appear to be from the clasp since the hole was opposite of that.
This was a comfy bra, however, 3 weeks in and the strap broke.
You can barely fit your cards inside, hard to open and very tight.
This is a beautiful, high quality wrap, but it isn't a shawl. It's really more of a light blanket weight rather than an airy cashmere shawl. I bought it to take on a trip, but despite it's loveliness, it's too bulky for carry-on luggage unless you have room for a small blanket.
These provided good compression in my calves but not through the foot and ankle so my ankles blew up after my 12 hour shift. Won't be able to wear to work again.
because of the wide, stiff waistband I will need to get 2 sizes larger. this is probably not an issue for those with slim builds
Not a lot of support and no pading so it will show though shirt . Not what I was expecting but it did fit.
The nose area was super thin and the fit was awkward.
The leggings felt great and fit amazingly but one had a hole in the right pant leg near my ankle and the other had a hole in the back above my butt. Both are very noticeable and just very annoying.
The products fit well and quality is okay However, the grey lining around the socks will cause some discomfort and indentation on your feet if you wear it. It will press against the upper inner part of your shoes and because the lining is so hard, it will cause some pain. Refer to my pictures for visual I wish they got rid of that lining or do something with it
I really want to love this dress but every time I put it on I find things to not love about it. One of the most annoying things about this dress is the buttons are too widely placed making the fabric pucker and show through on the dress part. Also the entire dress is lined with white cotton except for the back which is kind of annoying.
received this item and tried it on... WOW it does not fit. i ordered a Large 10-14 and I am a size 12, with 36 D chest. the top did not fit at all, if pulled down correctly over my boobs there was no coverage. and the bottoms didn't even cover my butt. i would not have been able to sit down while wearing these. i was very excited about this only to be completely disappointed when I received it
Unfortunately, the tie-size and width was nowhere to be found. I knew you pay for what you get. But I figured if the tie(s) are not what I expect then I will just donate them. End result, ties are cheap - no pun intended and I will be donating them to Goodwill. Too much trouble to send back - at least I don't feel like sending them back. I would rather donate to someone who can use them.
Returned it... the material was not soft and had slight yellow tinge, it did fit well overall though... decided to buy a similar shirt at J Crew ( it was around to same price on sale and was a true white)
You better get them a size bigger.
The fabric was not flattering. It seemed like it would stretch out and pill.
Ended up in the back of the closet in my son's room.
very uncomfortable and didn't like the way it supported.
Cool idea, but bunched around the chest/shoulders area. Returning it. I'm 5.4 140lbs, ordered a small.
Regardless that the shirt didn't fit me I want hoping for a bigger size
Great fabric. Stitching falls apart after a few washes.
Ran super small, and when it arrived one of the side pocket buttons was broken.
The dress is gorgeous but the sequin on is horrible I wear the dress to a ball and after about 45 mins in the dress the sequin scratched both of my arms up I couldn't put my arms down the next day from the soreness.
It was too wide to fit in my belt loops. I found way cheaper products that work better and do basically the same thing.
According to the size chart an XXL size should fit a chest measurement of 50 - 52 inches. This vest was about 4 -5 inches too small.
This is just a dress. For the price, you can get much better quality and fit on sale at any department store. I'm a 12 or 14 depending, so I ordered a large based off their sizing chart and reviews. It was much too tight through the ribcage and loose everywhere else. Pretty colors and pattern. But did not work for me. I'd rather have my money.
Very comfortable. Just make sure to wash along or other clothing with be dyed orange. :(
But definitely order 1 size large then most, very cheap fabric, but it's being used for a costume so will do
Based on the description, I was expecting a slim wallet that could accommodate around 7 cards. There might be space to fit the 7 cards, but doing so forces the wallet to close at an odd angle. Additionally, though a nice touch, the owl seemed easy to catch on my pockets. Returned this and bought the Low Down. Much happier with that wallet.
It was made of a heavy material, and I would have had to wear a belt to keep it up.
Idk why but I must fit right in between a 2x & a 3x bc I've purchased both & a 2x is too small & a 3x is huge. Very sad.
Followed the advice of the reviews and was disappointed. I should have followed my own mind. I sent the dress to my daughter in TN.
Large scratch on front
This leotard/tutu combo is adorable and my 2 year old loves it! However, it is already coming apart wherever the fabric covers the elastic. Poor quality sewing
The child's dress was true to size but the adult one runs very small in the bust. I returned my size small for a medium and I still couldn't get the zipper up all the way because the bust was still too small. The stitching was poorly sewn as well with a lot of lose threads, a crooked seam and signs of tearing without the dress even being worn. My daughter's dress has been washed and worn three times with no problems but I sent my second dress back because it wasn't worth the money to keep it. Very disappointed that we couldn't match.
The problem with calling these boyfriend jeans is that they aren't. These don't have that 'jeans like a guy's but for a woman's body' design at all. These are thin, very stretchy, and not at all looser in the thigh and bum. These are just another pair of stretchy jeans for women in a design that doesn't suit most women's curves. Returning them.
It's not dreadful, but it's made inside out or something.... the straps are super funky and the straps are either too far apart or way too close together.
Very thin material. Can see straight through it. Very short
Fit great. Very flattering. Holes in seams upon arrival. Poor quality.
Pretty disappointed, 2 6 packs of the same colors. Very plain nothing like the photos
Thin, poor quality, smaller than standard. Color exactly as posted, that's a plus. Use it for your wedding party to match, but don't expect to be impressed for future use.
Too small, which is rare in my case...
Very flimsy material...cheap and useless!! Don't but it!
Material is too thin and the length stops above my ankle - not floor length.
Way to expensive for 3 very thin socks!!!
I thought the fabric would be of better quality, but is thin and not cozy for a baby
I purchased the gray color and loved them so much I ordered the same ones in black. I received them on time however, I was given USED pants that had someone's hair all over them! I did not purchase “used” I purchased new and that's not what I got!
The top is too small and the bottoms are slightly different from the pic. The material started peeling as soon as I got in the water. I loved it before the water got to it
Tassle says 2017 not 2018. Very annoying.
Dress came damaged and the seller could care less. It's good that it was not alot of money.
Nothing like the picture, very cheap, looks like something you can buy out of a costume store. This item wasn't for me, to small a cheap looking, sorry for a two star review.
Not even close to being tight enough for compression socks! My husband wore them for a week, then said they weren't any help!!!
I ordered 3x, usually wear 2x, fit like xl. Very good quality material, but I have to return, find another jacket.
I ordered up one size. The pink shorts discolored after one wash. Dont think they will hold up through many wash loads.
I really wanted to like this suit but it is very disappointing. Let's start with the shorts: No woman with a stomach wants it exposed to the world. I've had two kids, I have a pouch that I accept will never go away. Despite this acceptance, I'd prefer not to have said belly hang over my swimsuit bottoms. That tankini isn't long enough to hide anything and any time you raise your arms to swim or hold your child? Hello stretch marks and flab. Please gimme a higher waist, even a thin piece of spandex to cover (not hide, but cover) my stomach. Nope, these shorts start under your belly. And they are pretty short. Looks cute on the model but pulling your shorts out of sensitive regions for hours is not cute. Now this is my fault for thinking they would be long enough not to ride up. They rode up big time. The top is okay. Not super flattering but it does its job. Quality commiserate with price.
It runs small for the size
Looks nice, but one of the buttons fell of the first day. Disappointed especially since the price is high.
I ordered lilac and magenta and got a bright ass pink and light purple instead. Took forever to come and by the time they did, it was too late to take them back and get dressers better suited to my wedding colors.
Doesn't do as advertised.
It is what it is for the price.
Would not support my size kept having to readjust
XL was way too small in the shoulders and arms
The top band on these is very uncomfortable. They're all cotton and have a nice cut. They are not comfortable though because of the top band that squeezes and digs in a slightly more comfortable way than an elastic band.
Bottom clips bent and pulling out after one week wire kept popping out and poking my side.
I normally don't leave bad reviews but this basically felt like paper. There was no directions which I was fine with, but the product was different than the picture that came with it. (Different buckles) we ended up not even wearing it.
The leggings are not high wasted. The size fit around, but did not go high enough on my waist to stay up. As for the material, they were lightweight cotton and soft. Mostly opaque.
Cute and not see through but it's huge on me in the middle! Super boxy and not fitted like other people say.. I'm 5'2 and was 125-130 pre-pregnancy and 150 now 7 months pregnant and the dress doesn't even touch my belly or hips at all it's so big! Tried washing it and trying to shrink it but I think that just made it shorter.... I doubt it will even be flattering at 9 months because the middle is just so huge.
It was way to small. I ordered XL and was not able to wear to my party. I am normally a size 10 or 12.
Not worth it at all!!! The button broke one month after purchasing. Do not recommend for anyone who wants to use it long time
Product fits a bit baggy even in a large size, so buy smaller than you think. Overall not a huge fan of the design but that maybe just me thinking I want a lot of coverage until I got it on. Material is nice though.
Dress is soft and very cute. Unfortunately when I put it on I realized in the back there was some stitching missing and it had a hole. Also, towards the bottom left side of the dress where it was sewn was missing a good 3-4 inches of stitching at well, resulting in a second hole.
Two sizes too small. If you need medium order XL.
Didn't like the material, felt cheap
Tore/split upon first wear. Ordered 2 sizes below regular size and barely made a difference.
very short. I didn't like it and had to return it.
The construction seems good, but it is way too small for a size large.
Really cool concept but made in a sloppy manner, the moon looks ridiculous with bad stitching and so do a couple of other things like the words peace, love, and the flowery designs. Very disappointed.
My husband has came home from work with holes in the toes twice now...
Heavy Cotton? I can see through the fabric. I have tried several brands this is the thinnest of all.
They are so thin, and they are transparent big time:(
Bought 2 of these. One for myself and one for my cousin who is pregnant. They are very cute but when I opened them up only one set was correct. The other set was 2 that said keep calm and push. So I returned them. I bought them again for myself bc I really think they are funny and want some for when I go into labor.. again was sent a set that both said the same thing. Very disappointed.
The case material is durable. The felted lining was starting to detach upon arrival. AND the packing was inadequate. The item arrived bent because of inadequate packaging. It got 2 stars instead of 1 because the print is cute.
Product stitching is not great. Came with a hole in the back shoulder area.
Real color is nowhere close to the color presented on Amazon. I ordered a khaki, but this is closer to a dark brown. I uploaded a picture for comparison. Right is a khaki jacket, left is the jacket that I'm reviewing and returning.
One star for color: I got the winter blue and it looks more like an electric bright navy. This was not like the picture. Even the picture I took makes them look darker. They are actually really bright blue. One star for fit and material: I love the fit. I got a small and I'm 135 and 5'7 and they fit great, but the seam is coming out at the bottom. The material does keep me dry.
It arrived with a large snag.
I like the case but it does not fit my Galaxy S7 Edge
Much thinner fabric that I expected. I ordered the purple and need to wear something under it. The fabric is very clingy and hugs every curve and bulge so it is not especially flattering. Also, I'm a short 5'3" and it is considerably shorter than I expected - the flared sides come almost to my knees, but the front and back are mid-thigh, a little short to wear with leggings in my opinion.
I ordered a Medium and it feels like an extra large. Also the material doesn't feel soft.
Cute but they shrank after the first wash and my baby only wore them maybe a couple weeks. She is on the smaller side so I was disappointed these didn't last her longer.
Super cute but after one wash it shrank substantially and also got those weird little knit balls all over it.
Poor stitching. Cuffs started failing after a couple of washes. Other areas have deteriorated after 8-10 washes.
The pants are 6 inches too long for me. They would fit a 6'6" man.
Not great underwear. The legs were shorter than I thought. They started riding up pretty hard and daily quickly.
Bought a medium since I already owned another one, it probably is a large instead of a medium. Very disappointed
The quality of this bodysuit was good. It was delivered earlier than expected (which was nice) and also fit very well. However, the crotch area is very long and narrow.... causing it to ride up and not look quite right. It looks okay once you first put it on but after you take a few steps it is all up in the wrong areas.
These arrived a day early, are soft and comfy, and fit is only a bit big (foot of sock is too long). However, this entire description is deceptive. It refers to wool and even cashmere multiple times, but there is not a bit of wool in them. These are nice socks and the price isn't bad - why lie about them?
The same size, I can put on lee's pants but ur pants I can't get in
It had a lot of potential, it looked cute but it was a little too long and a little too loose around the sternum. Perfect around the hips but really cheep material. Like the strap broke when I put it on and I didn't even apply a lot of pressure
The dress is perfect size when worn without closing the fleece for leg and hands. Moreover although the cloth quality is good, it was dirty. Looks like it is a used product.
might be for smaller people its very uncomfortable and burn and irritated my skin badly
Good color, brand but way to small
Super cheaply made! Strings everywhere that come loose. VERY WARM and soft but doesn't last long. Not worth the price.
Fits fine. Only giving 2 stars because I did not get the bathing suit pictured. Very disappointed! Not happy with purchase at all. No time to return because I needed a swimsuit.
Bled in the washing machine and absorbs too much sweat as I worked out leaving the shirt feeling heavy, which does not happen in other moisture wicking fabrics I've used.
NOTHING could perfectly fit a size 0 - 18 ... and it doesn't! The quality and style are absolutely beautiful, BUT I'm a size 10-12, and this is way too big to achieve the look as the picture shows. I had to return it. This is definitely designed for fuller figures, ENJOY LADIES!
I'm 5'11, 140lbs. I bought the “tall” version of these and while they fit inseam wise, the top portion of the pant was just too weird to fit my body correctly. I have wide hips and they cut into them giving me a gross muffin top look. The top seam also folded over weird, exposing the pink lining and giving a bumpy appearance under clothing. I wanted to love these but had to return them.
I was really surprised by the quality of the fabric. It feels like something from Walmart, very cheap and thin. It's almost scratchy. For the price, I was expecting better.
Seems a little cheaply made
Nor very durable, wears out fast . Suggest buying if using only for day wear and not working out in
it took so long to get and i quality was not that great
Just so you know. It is NOT like the photo. It's basically a tank top with an extended piece that goes between your legs. Someone posted a photo of it a year ago and it looks exactly like this now. The fabric looks nice, but it rides up, like, really rides up. So if you are OK with thick wedgies, you should get this. If you are not, then keep looking.
Straps have no support what so ever not for big boobs I'm only a 32DD and it offered no support
Ordered for same day delivery with Prime. Item sees good in size and OK quality. Shirt came in sealed bag, but has a very noticeable stain in front, a few inches under the collar. I looked at Amazon to order replacement but item is now on back order. Will call CS to have them fix issue
Product runs very small! Ordered 3x and my daughter wears a xlg she's getting them. Its a shame I really liked the material.
Ripped on first wear
Tried both the size L & the size M - the L is too big and the M too small. Plus they make an irritating "squishy" sound when you walk on any kind of hard floor, i.e., wood, tile, etc.
Hat was very small and the beard was too thin. You could see right through it
If you hold them up to the sun, you can see right through them. They are shemaghs all right, but about half as thick as I am used to. I will look for better quality next time.
The size is large. The material is nice.
The fit was great, looks as pictured. Unfortunately, lots of the tulle came undone after one wash. My baby girl was only able to wear it once because of this defect.
I had the original band for my watch that I wore every single day, for about 10 years (not an exaggeration), before it finally broke. This one lasted less than a year with limited use since I now only wear it for field work. It caught once on some metal I beams and it tore right off. Also installing this thing was ridiculous, it took about 30 minutes fumbling with the pins.
Not a huge puff, a little disappointed, but then what did I expect!
This shirt is very slim fitting. Not necessarily for those with a bigger bust. The arms seemed long and out of proportion to the way the rest of the shirt fit. I'm 5 ft 6 and weigh 125 lbs. I ordered the M.
The tops are way to small! Idk maybe because I'm breastfeeding my boobs are enormous. The bottoms fit great. I wanted a high waist bottom to cover my new mom stomach for Myrtle beach.
Pants look big and the tie part is separate from the pants and barely reaches the front to tie.
WTF, this is a total scam. Amazon Sucks! These are half the warmth and should be half the price becuase they are not Sherpa Lined. Just quilted.
First item arrived as promised. Nice shirt but no way is it a size 7. I have bought other T-shirt's for this guy and believe me this is small. Size and name are cut out so there is no way to check. Disappointed.
I love the feel, shape, and fit of these bras but each of the 3 I've purchased in the past few months share the problem of the top seam of one of the cups not laying flat. The cup lining rolls up over the top seam, causing a ripple to show prominently through most shirts. I was really hoping to purchase this bra without this flaw, because I so like the comfort it offers, but after the 3rd failed attempt to get one that's sewn well, I'm giving up. Interestingly, when I now look at the bra pictures on Amazon, it appears the lining of the left cup is rolling up. I'll bet if this model wore this bra for a few hours, she'd also have a ripple over that cup. I'll wear the ones I have only when I can conceal the ripple under a sweatshirt or other heavy garment. Very disappointed because it is otherwise so comfortable.
They feel tight at first, and then they stretch out and actually have gaps in the legs like some old man shorts. They were really strange. Would not buy again.
My grandson liked these, but they are smaller than the size stated, and they have very little stretch. a disappointment
I ordered a large, I even double checked the order (as Ive been sent the wrong size in the past). It came in and it was a small. There is no way Im fitting into it. I'll have to return it and either reorder or get something else. It's cute, but what's the point if you cant wear it?
The first one either never got shipped. Amazon refunded no problem. Shipping on second one was impossible to track as it was a Christmas present. Tracking finally showed Dec 28th after bouncing around and it was in the mailbox on the 23rd. Not sure what shipper this company uses but they need to change
I got an XXL fits really small and see through.
This bra was disappointing given the good reviews. I could not attest to the quality of the bra or how it supports as it was too small. I ordered my correct size based on reviews for the band and went up a cup size. The band was not stretchy at all and was about 2 inches too small. The cups, despite saying they were a cup size larger actually fit like a cup and a half too small, though this could be from forcing it to fit with the small band. I had intended to return this, but my cat decided to pay with it and cause some cosmetic damage.
My normal size is 6-8 and the XL are almost too small...will have to wash in cold water and hang to dry or else if there is shrinkage, they will not fit me.
Disappointed as they are nice and light, but can not stay up and migrate under my foot as I walk
I feel it is cheaply made and the magnetic clasp isn't strong enough, bracelet falls off.
The seams are white and pretty obvious while suit is on. The zipper seam is white and not hidden well. The foot seam is not comfortable and on top of all that, the suit is sheer when on. I can see the tag while the suit is on. I thought I was going to love my first body suit, but unfortunately I was disappointed.
The end part were keep tearing off. I had to saw it on. I don't think it is well made.
The product that was sent wasn't the one I ordered. It looked similar but it's not what the picture showed. Also the sizes run small. Be ware.
I normally wear a LG/XL depending on the shirt. I ordered an XL and they were super tight and don't have much stretch. The XL fit more like a SM. I don't recommend these, but if you do purchase, get 2 sizes up.
The material felt like a shower curtain. The dress fit great but the quality of the material was poor. Very disappointed
Large isn't that large Seems along stitching on sides already had a hole after wearing once.
I've been debating on what kind of review to leave here, cause if you give them 5 stars you get a free shirt. But however much I want to love this shirt, I just can't! It's much shorter than I thought. It almost reaches my hips but not quite and it makes for an awkward length. Definitely can't wear it with leggings cause it doesn't cover the primary areas. It is nice and warm however which is why I gave it 2 stars
These are a tight fit for a 2X. Also, WHY print the label in black on a light colored shirt. It shows through the material. It's nice there isn't a tag but I would rather not see the printed label on the back of the shirt.
These socks are very thin and move around when you walk. Cheap, but not worth the money. Don't bother.
Very nice hoodie. Just one problem... I ordered a medium and it ran a little small.
Hated the openings (peek-a-boo) slits on the sides. They poke out awkwardly and mess up the flow of the dress...it went from being a cool evening dress on a cruise to a bathing suit cover up :-(
dislike clips are impossible to open you need a tool to open i would look for a easy ones to open and close i any easier deal with be careful when ordering them i am in my 80s but regardless i know there are better ones larger clips
Over all the product is made well, an it's very pretty but the other reviews said it was true to size and it was very tight. I would recommend going at least a size bigger if u are larger chested other wise it wont cover all the things that need covering.
I have big quads and these are always riding up my leg.
These socks are really beautiful and feel nice because they are 100% cotton and have a non-binding top. HOWEVER it is precisely that comfortable feature of looseness that makes the socks pretty useless, as they won't stay put.
This swim suit is super cute. Being smaller chested, I have found that the top fits well (about a B cup), but the bottoms are rather tight. I just don't feel like the top and bottom sizes correlate very well.
The product does not sit properly at all and is too small for me. I am a tiny person, 5'1, 115 lbs. The front is soft cotton tho so if the size were to fit and didnt ride up maybe it would be better
Very cheap feeling material.
Had this belt going on a month and a half. It is a very nice looking belt. The adjustability makes eating big meals easy! Anyway, after just a month and a half one of the pins fell out that holds the adjuster and my belt was stuck on my pants. I wear this belt solely to work where I'm a manager, I sit in meetings and run reports. No hard duty on this thing. Very disappointed.
Way too small, not made well at all, but was pretty. Gave it away because it wasn't worth the hassle of sending it back!!
Color is important...did not receive the colors posted in picture.
Not as pleased. It looks cheaper in person, and it came without the laces tied in it. I had to tie the laces myself... just was not what I was expecting.
Not good quality, the sleeves are too short and the sweater fits weird. I ordered a size bigger (xl, I usually get large) so it would be extra roomy but it is too small.
The outfit is green. Runs small so if you fit a large, you need to get an XLarge. If you usually wear an XLarge, the costume will be tight on you. Also, the fabric around the ankles are neon green. It says unisex but I think that the outfit is more leaned towards women's measurements.
Leather is very soft and practical.The price is also affordable.love it ..
The tutu part is super scratchy but it is lined inside. The way it fits is kind of complicated where you have to tie and cinch it as the waist. It seems to have quite a bit of tulle so if you want a very poofy type tutu to put underneath something then this is for you!
Yikes! Wtf is up with the pockets at hip level that are mid-sewn!!!! Makes my hips look twice as large!
I am a plus size woman and ordered a 3xxx but it's pretty tight, not nearly as loose as I'd like. Also, the sleeves aren't red and black. The red color is actually more of a hot pink which was very disappointing. I will keep it but I'm not real happy with it.
This top was extremely small. I got a medium and the cups could even hold anything up.
This thing looks cool but it's extremely small. Not sure of the length but it's not much more than around a foot long. Maybe a foot and a half? Not what I was looking for.
I love this cover-up! It's light weight and fits perfect! However after only one wear it got a huge hole.
Didn't like the fabric, it is not pleasant on skin...the look is Ok.
The product image looks cool, but the material of the all black style was pretty much costume material. However, I did buy a pair of the pants with a pattern and that material was fine.
This fascinator looked cute when I did not move, but it was too heavy to stay in place. I used the clip on the headband, but the whole thing kept falling forward on my forehead. At the Derby party, I tried taking it off the headband and just clipping it to my hair, but it still was too heavy to stay in place and kept sliding down. It was uncomfortable, and I finally just had to take it off so it did not fall down into my mint julep. :)
The cups are oddly large. The same size as all my other bras but these cups are much bigger. I can't wear it although I already cut and threw away the tags because I assumed it would fit.
Needs to be longer. A bit short
It fit fine, but the material was so bad that I put it on and the straps immediately came apart, so I got it hemmed and had it fixed, and it still ended up coming apart the following day that I wore it. Really pretty and fit well but the material is awful.
I wear M in all my other workout pants, these are so tight I'm not even sure an XL would fit comfortably.
The cloth is not very soft.
This skort fits so well, I really like it.
The stays work well enough, but arrived in a cracked box.
Cute dress, should have ordered a size up. I am 5'5 and 170lbs. L was too small. Dress reaked of smoke. Dresses arrived timely. Return process was a breeze
Fits well, very soft & warm but could not wear them because the nude color is NOT nude at all. Against multiple pairs of nude color shoes it shoes up a with a mustard yellow hue. Hideous and could not be worn.
The fabric is great (black/white gingham) but I was really disappointed in the fit of this item. I ordered a medium but it did not fit right at all. I normally wear a small or medium.
Sooo.. its good quality and really pretty..HOWEVER... It literally sheds fur EVERYWHERE!!! I would love to keep it but what the heck do you do with all the fur flying all over and leaving a ton of black fur on my shirt underneath?? Its a shame really.
out of the 3 pair one fit good, one ok, and one not at all to tight in legs. did not shrink as some post indicated. not sure if I would buy again. have not resolved the pair that doesn't fit yet.
If you look at this dress's first picture you expect a lovely very long dress but if you flip to other pictures you notice its complete trash and they send you the dress that's trash. My point is don't be a dolt and read reviews first and dont trust impossibly cheap prices like I did
This is not very well made at all. It definitely runs large and the bottom flap sits in the middle of my son's back.it frayed after the first wash.
Super comfy and fits good. Sized up one size. 2 stars because they came covered in DOG HAIR. So gross :(
Size runs very small, and it is a lot shorter than pictured.
The clothes are short.
So much drama in ordering! Plus it is the wrong color. It says bright pink it is more like tomato. The graphic artist did a terrible job! I ordered it it said it would come 2 weeks ago. Then it did not. Then it gave a future date then didn't come. I contacted the seller. They had all of these excuses and I can't even keep with all the drama or remember. I finally got it. Its good quality. But not the color that is pictured. I don play around with my signature color pink. Probably some guy who could care less about the color pink did the picture. I am going to keep it, it is too much of a hassle to send back.
Hat has red ink on it
Super cute and very soft but one of the patterns I received didn't match the picture in the description. Unfortunately, it was the pattern I liked the most in the lot!
They are clearly see through and not opaque. They do fit as stated and are very comfortable if only they were not opaque
It wasn't the right color. Will ship back and would like a khaki color. Will that be something you can do?
Weirdly shaped for me and didn't fit at all. Probably my body shape? I'm tall so maybe it fits better on shorter women
Not a protective case at all. I guess I didn't pay attention to what I bought. Thought there was little stiffness to it.
I loved these, the color is really catchy. But the lens started popping out by week 4 or 5, and now I've somehow lost a lens! They aren't secured in the frame very well. For $20, it should really be $10. Does block UV though and has helped my insomnia. Just sad the lens popped out and I don't know how to replace it.
bought this for my two year old, purchased the 18-24 months, runs really big. Not as described
I have purchased a bunch of harem elephant pants in the past (different maker) which were small/med/large/etc... i figured I'd try the one size because the print was so pretty on these, and the print is nice, but the pants are huge. I think they could fit a Large, but definitely not a small and even medium might be too baggy. The waste to crotch area is super long - i would have had to pull them all the way up to my chest in order for the crotch to not look like they were mc hammer pants, which is not what this style is supposed to be.
While the fabric and pattern are gorgeous in navy and cream, the neckline is nothing like the photo. It's not a loose off-the-shoulder cut, but is a crew neck design instead, which lies way too close to the neck. Plus it's edged in black fabric!!! Why would they edge a delicate navy top in a thick black bias?
I bought three colors to compare. The mauve is way too big. The adult size is also thin weaving compared to kids size. Returning.
The leg is not slim. There is a substantial bell to this bootcut.
Although the description says cotton blend, the tags in the garment say 100% cotton. It is ABSOLUTELY NOT 100% cotton!!!! The pants feel like a windbreaker, not what I expected. Although it is very cute, I would not have purchased it if I would have known this was the material.
They are quite snug and have absolutely no stretch.
Looks cheap. Too loose on leg
They are realllly right!
returning don't like
Feel was ok-ish, didn't care for the color. Hard to tell online, it's lighter than I wanted. They did hold up to a potential Velcro snag. Might be perfect for someone with fair skin.
It made me look even larger than I am. I looked like a giant cupcake. No. A big no.
I've bought this package about 6 months ago and they were fine (soft, fit well and didn't rip) and good enough for me to repurchase without shopping around again. I had a much different experience with my second order. 2 out of 5 ripped after wearing them once and they are significantly less soft than my previous purchase. The only thing that is the same is the fit. I am not sure if Hans changed manufacturers or I got a bad batch but would only suggest these boxers if you like scratchy material with holes in it.
The material was pilling off the jacket and shorts when I took it out of package, and the shirt shrunk a lot.
I keep forgetting to check clothes coming from China
I cheaped out and thought I could get a bargain. Very disappointed. Socks are thin, and feel cheap. Some have developed holes after two to three wearings.
Fit well and stayed up, but got a significant, very visible run the second time I put them on (and with reasonable care). Wish they were a little more durable!
The wallet was very nice, maybe the best design for a wallet I've ever owned. Leather is very soft, but a little thin. Unfortunately, a little too thin. One of the credit card pockets started to rip at the seam, and is slowly working its way down the seam.
These just fit me poorly all around. Too big in the foot area and too tight in the calf. The fabric is not very soft. They smell weird. They are cute.
I ordered a size up and its a bit small. The texture isn't swimsuit texture at all....its very cheap and provides no support or separation for the breast area. It was hard to untangle when I first got it too.
It is bigger than the pics make it look and bulker but seems to be good quality.
The chest part needs to be smaller, it looks awkward. Material is thin, but not terrible.
Cute but does not fit augmented breast well
I bought this backpack as a present to my husband. He is not really a fan of it. The look and style are nice and the two buckles are really nicely operating - but that's about it. Every other design decisions went very wrong for this backpack. It is too large for everyday use but too small for travel. It does not compete with hiking backpacks for day hikes because it is too heavy for that. The top pocket is too small for being useful, it's even hard to fit large sunglasses into it. The front pocket (you can see it by the flap on pictures) is only accessible when the buckles are open and the top is folded away because there is a zipper that runs around the pocket underneath the flap and it is really high on both sides - why to do this? If you can not get into the pocket without all those operations then you are as good getting into the main compartment. The side pockets for the bottles are zipped as well - and not in a nice way: you have to use two hands to unzip them because the flap bands over the zipper and gets into it. Same story for the side zipper where my husband carries his laptop - you need two hands to open or close it. So, over-all the use of this backpack is way more complex than it could have been if designers would take care of usability and not just looks.
Cheap bike shorts, not high waisted enough either .....DON'T waste your money...!
The item doesn't stay in place and is a thin strip of material. Wished I would have bought a wider strip of material. It bunches up. Maybe fits with someone with smaller breasts. Doesn't work for me.
I was supposed to get 2 straw hats in this item but only received one hat. I paid for two and should have received 2 but oh well. Hat itself is fine just wish I got the other one as it's a different color. I only received the khaki one not mixed beige. If they ship the other hat I will bump my rating up but for now 2 stars because it's clear what I ordered.
I was really looking forward to these since I'm pregnant with twins. However the crotch is really wide and the seems on each side are thick so they are not comfortable. :/
The support around the band was a little loose, which caused me to have wrinkle socks with little support.
It's wearable but nothing like the picture. It's so small it would never look like that on anyone. I generally wear mediums, larges if I want something long. This is an XL and fits like a small t-shirt.
The color was OK, but it was not the jeans I thought I was getting. It said gold label, but was not like the first ones I bought. They did not have the little gold label like the first ones. I may have ordered a different kind, not sure? They shrunk in length, and bagged out almost right away while wearing them. They will be OK for working in the yard....
It's not as “high quality” looking as it is in the pics. Also the color off too compared to pics. It looks like someone made it in their home lol.
Doesnt look like the pic or fit like the pic. The butterflies were unexpected and tacky
Poor quality. The tail fell apart after just a few hours.
I would like to say they were great but sadly I had to return them because they were the wrong style and color socks — not at all what was shown. I ordered womens quarter length socks but I was sent “no show” socks.
Nice shape but low quality
I expected a blue color. You guys having a picture with blue . Tricky.
These are nice thick shirts but they don't understand that extended size shirts don't need excessively long short sleeves and no person who is wearing a 4xl t shirt wants a shirt that tapers in the waist. Typical t shirt company that just takes the same template for small shirts and increases the measurement ratio for each size instead of realizing that just because someone wears a shirt over size xl that their arms aren't freakishly long.
Super tight on my boobs and loose on my stomach, doesnt fit properly at all.
I returned, it was much lighter weight and flimsy than I was expecting.
They are falling off all the time, just don't seem to stay on the foot at all.
This certainly looks like wet blood. The only issue that I had, is that it just simply doesn't dry. I do not recommend using this on any clothing unless you don't mind marking everything you brush up against.
I do like the idea that I can change bags easier. The only thing I don't like is that the organizer is flimsy, it folds which makes it harder to find things, needs to be rigid. Update the organizers has ripped at the top. Not pleased at all. If I could return it I would.
Fit like an oversized bag.
If you're a DD these are too small when nursing and your engorged :-/ further, the plastic side wire-like thing, came out and was poking me until I just ripped them out. The expansion (to make the strap longer) also goes in the wrong direction and interferes with unhooking the cup to feed your baby. Oh well.
The shirt ran extremely big, deffinitly go with a size below.
Hate this. Looks cheap. Regret buying this.
I didnt like that they are stretch pants. Dont recall the description listing it
If you carry nothing in your wallet this will work. But the normal person ... forget it.
I returned the item, the waist part fill perfect but the bust was too small. I even ordered a size larger than I normally do based on previous reviews. I am 5”5 and 140lbs with a 34DD breast
you're Paying for the superman logo here. the shirt feels cheapy "made in China" and has a slightly oversized neck hole that's looks like it will stretch out over time. fits about right, and the logo looks really cool, but this shirt was not worth the money, especially without Prime free shipping, that was another $8 added to the high price, it says "exclusive stickers" on the review header, but I do not remember getting any stickers???
The fit was good, but the hemline just looked stupid on me.
Too tight in the stomach area
I had waited a long time to order there shirts because they looked so cute in the picture. They look soft, flowing, and comfortable. Wrong on all points. They are very small, rough material that wrinkles and wrinkles. There is nothing soft and flowing about them even if they were a larger size. Very disappointed..
I was super disappointed, they show a picture of a snap neck closer but I was sent an elastic neck one! Not what I purchase!!
This is much smaller than described
Runs big definitely downsize and not as convenient as it looks
I normally wear an xl or 16 in tops. In the xl, chest fits right, arms are small, waist is small, makes me look fat. I also tried an xxl. In the xxl, the arms fit right, but it's like a tent on me. The chest is huge and it's super long. Neither size is a good fit. The fabric is nicer than a tshirt but it looks like a tshirt. It costs too much for not being a perfect fit, so I returned both sizes. Im 5'7" 200 lbs, 42 inch chest, 38 inch waist
Suspender straps were broken!
These aren't sweatpants. They are made out of T-shirt material. I was expecting normal sweatpant / sweatshirt material. They won't keep you warm at all. Disappointed.
There is no stretch at all. Looks nice, but the arms are super small.
This does not fit like the other comfort revolution bras that I own. I noticed that there wasn't a Bali tag attached to it so I'm wondering if it was not even made by Bali.
The pocket tore after about two weeks of use. I bought it as a Christmas gift so by the time I tried to notify the seller my "warranty" had run out. Pretty disappointing.
If these were sized more appropriate, I think they would be great! I wear a medium or large in other brands of underwear, so I went with a large in these thinking I would be on the safe side. When I first put them on I noticed the material is really nice compared to cheaper cotton underwear, but unfortunately they're much too small and rode up on me all day. For reference, I usually wear a 34 waist but have fairly large legs and butt, which could be the root of my issues with these.
Overly poofy and oddly made as though it belongs on a child or a doll. It is not elegant, rather childish or costume like.
Not as advertised. The clasp is cute, easy to undo,a bit hard to fasten if you can't see it. Will it last, we will see. The webbing is not stiff, infact it is very soft.... not a gun belt! It will keep my pants up, but not what I had intended as use.
This outfit is super cute! We have a little red headed boy who we knew was going to make the perfect Jack jack. I like how instead of snaps in the diaper area it is Velcro. It does fit pretty true to size! That being said. I am very disappointed in the quality of this product! There are strings coming out of the costume. The seams are falling apart. I am afraid to wash it because it may fall apart. Very disappointing
I don't understand why this product got so many 5-star reviews. There's nothing abnormal about my glasses, but the only kind of holder that ever seems to work for any pair I have is the plain rubber kind with stretch grips. I guess I'll go back to those.
Didn't mention they had cut outs in the crotch and butt. ruined my concert outfit plans
Very cheap, rips easy, but cool product if only need for 1 time use such as anniversary or bday for hub
Dont like the thickness and gathers at leg
The shirt fits nicely but I ordered it because I didn't want a cotton shirt that would have to be ironed everytime it was washed. It says that it is 95% Rayon and 5% Spandex but it is 100% cotton and wrinkles horribly.
The plastic card pages seem to rip easily.
The waist band is really uncomfortable and they're definitely on the smaller side.
My wife is small framed 5'1” only 93 lbs because of prior illness the jeans were nicely constructed but way to long & large in the seat are she has a terrible time trying to find jeans or slacks to fit
These socks are not khaki color in the standard sense, i.e. with a bit of an olive tinge. These socks might be considered beige, or tan, or maybe poo brown. Whatever the color, it doesn't match the color of any pair of khakis that Dockers sells. The socks don't have much of a shape - a bit loose fitting, and fall down easily. There's a seam in the toe that can be uncomfortable. On the whole, I suspect the set I received was not truly Dockers brand. Either that, or Dockers has lowered the bar for quality. (the prominent silk screened orange logo in the arch would have you _believe_ they're Dockers brand.) I'm disappointed in what I received, wouldn't buy them again, and certainly wouldn't recommend them.
Fabric is really thin and see through on color Black. Seller should identify fabric thickness before deceiving their customers...
The thought that using the size charts and selecting my size using the chart given, is frustrating. I did the thing and still got an item that was still a bit too large. The hat wasn't that expensive so it'll do.
The pattern arrived lopsided. I figured I could save it with a scarf, so I didn't sent it back. I was tempted to, but just don't have the time.
??? Two browns, two grays, one navy blue, one orange, and one pink in a gigantic size. My girls wear little kid size 13 shoes, and even the smaller size pictured here was too big, but we probably would have kept anyway because the quality felt nice, and the grippy spots are really grippy. But the colors were disappointing and the one giant pair wasn't useful.
Fit well and looks good, but shrunk by a good 5-6 inches in length after just 2 washings.
One of the bras came with a strap sewed on backwards, so it is permanently twisted. I didn't realize until closer to my due date, so I was outside of the return window. I put one on after giving birth and it's so tight my chest felt compressed. I should've ordered the next size up even though their sizing chart said these should fit. When I tried them on when I first got them, they were super comfortable. As long as they fit.
The hat looks really nice and well made; unfortunately, it was very snug and I have a normal size head. After a few minutes of wearing, it gave me marks and a huge headache. Be alarmed when purchasing these hats.
Dress sides are way shorter than picture shows. Like way to short! Returning all but 1. Very disappointed
maybe I needed a bigger size. Tight around the legs
Cute jacket but at least 2-3 sizes smaller. I normally wear M (8-10) and had ordered a L based on reviews but it was still too small across the chest.
Was not what I expected the pockets are super large and look funny when you wear the dress it isn't cute just looks cheap and poorly put together.
After one wash top already looks like worn many times. Pockets location is odd
Bought this for my 20 month old. It fits my 4.5 year old.
The leggings are fleece on the inside and where the slits are is very itchy. Had to return.
I wasn't too sure of the durability and quality of material because it was very thin and almost see through, so I sent it back.
I can not wear these socks as they cut off circulation at the knee. I gave them to a friend with legs that are smaller around. I ordered the large/ex-large but they still didn't fit.
They run small and ride too low for my taste
Super cute, I'll be reordering because this one was ripped right in the crotch area.
Loose around the waist but way tight in the chest, which makes for an awkward fit. Also, poor quality. Due to the awkward fit, I adjusted the top, and one of the straps ripped right off.
Very cute but did not fit. Even went by the chart for size.
This hat came in a manilla envelope completely smashed and out of shape. This was also a gift for a child and the hat was too large for my own big head. Very disappointed.
I would not purchase a similar item.
so large my son never wore them :(
The shirt is not as long as it shows in the picture and the side slit comes up high. It fits like it should. But when wearing it looks nothing like the picture.
I liked the skirt. It has pockets. The fabric was shinier than I was expecting, it was denim colored but definitely not denim. My problem with the skirt was that it was way.too.small. This might have been a child's XL but it was NOT an adults. I would have returned it, but the cost wasn't worth it and since my smallest daughter could wear it we kept it. There were no tags to confirm if I was sent the correct size or not. I would NOT buy from this company.
The outfit is very cute, but I ordered it in the newborn size because I wanted the pants to be a part of his take home outfit from the hospital and both the shirt and the pants are much larger than newborn.
Non metal buckle works well, the nylon belt material began to fray on the third wearing.
Hello! The stitching on the small piece of leather covering the buckle has started to unravel. Is there anything you can do to help? This really has been a great belt for the past 10 weeks.
There were 4 styles to choose from and I didn't receive the one I ordered. Tried it anyway and it was too small. Sending it back.
Colors not as vibrant as shown.
Color was fine, but I ordered two sizes larger than I normally wear and still a little small.
This runs VERY large and the tied pieces hang down very low.
Very pretty and soft however it is no where near as long as advertised.
Not at all as advertised. Helps nothing. Just a mistake.
Really thin material cheap made
It was vary cheeky and a bit small
It was super cute but the sizes ran very smalll. I am 50 and I have the blouse to my 22 yr old lean neice. She loves it!
The leg openings are a little small, but other than that the suit fits nicely, and is high quality material. Edit: I have been wearing this for less than two months and it is 100% worn out. It has worn so thin in multiple spots that it's no longer appropriate for wearing in public, I have to throw it away. This is unacceptable.
Not happy with quality or fit.
A little shorter than expected
The material used is of poor quality...
Seams are bothersome to me and after wearing 2-3 times the toe are got holes
You get what you pay for. Lasted me about 6 months and I loved them until they completely fell apart.
Item doesn't fit like it should and the top is poorly made.
Not really comfortable and after only wearing them a few times, holes in the feet. They shrunk.
This is not for me. I don't like the smell.
Smaller than appears and very cheap feeling.
It's beautiful but for the very large woman not a good fit. It could stand to be longer. Look better online!
They sent the wrong color
Didn't care for the feel of the material
You get what you pay for.yellow very faded and cracked. Called supplier and they sent replacement but it was h
Unfortunately I'm not completely satisfied with this shirt. The graphic print is pixelated kind of has a blur to it. I have a long torso and the shirt comes short so I keep pull it down. Thirdly it doesn't really fit around the neck to well. The neck area of the shirt fits low like how a woman's shirt would.
The socks are very thin - see through. Cute design but quality wise they won't hold up long
It fit my 18 month old better than it fit my 3 month old. very disappointed. the material is also so thin you can see through it.
I bought this jacket for a trip to Ireland this summer. Today was a relatively nice, but windy day. It kept the wind out and kept me comfortable. Unfortunately it started to rain a touch and the jacket soaked right through. Wouldn't recommend this as a rain jacket at all.
Some socks had holes at the seams straight out of package.
I read the reviews about this product and found that people loved it. When it arrived, I loved it too! The fit was great, the style was cute. It decided not to rain for a while so I didn't get to try it out until over a month after I purchased it. It was raining decently hard and after a few minutes I was wet on the shoulders. I dried it off afterwards and checked on it a few days later to find that there were specks of mold on the sleeves. Not only did it not protect me from the rain, it also got moldy! The style is lovely, but if it cannot be worn in any amount of rain, the cuteness factor disappears instantly. I would have been dryer wearing cotton because at least the cotton would absorb some of the water instead of going straight through. Would have returned but by the time I got to try it the return period had ended. For $20 more get a Marmot or North Face that might not look as cute but at least it will work.
Rhinestones only cover calves. There's only 5 on each leg. Super disappointed, man.
Too small waste of money
The fit of the dress was good but the material was very bad. The cloth looked old and even for a darker color was a see through. It didnot look new and looked like it was a dress used up many times. There were threads coming loose too
Today was my grandson's 4th birthday and the zipper broke on the suit so he only got to wear it once
Shirt's just arrived literally. Tried one on seemed was comfortable but smelled like horse shit. I had to do a wash just because either the packaging used or the actual shirts.
I've purchased about 12 pair of 90 Degrees leggings and there was definitely something wrong with these.
They look right but they don't feel right
Not a style for busty women. The top is too narrow to keep everything in. I didn't try the bottoms on because they came with a stain underneath the hygienic liner. SO GROSS. I will be returning and really hope they read the feedback on the return so that this USED suit doesn't get sent to someone else.
These are pretty small in terms of overall coverage. I'd like them to be larger.
Material is nice. Sizes are way off. Ordered a 2x and it might as well be a large.
The sleves regardless of medium or large size dress did not fit. I attempted to contact the company via phone and email and received nothing from them.... so much for please contact us and let us try to fix the issue before leaving negative feed back. Overall once I found a seamstress to alter the replacement gown the dress was ok. I am a size 35 bust and the large even with the corset back didn't fit well. Luckily my wig covered the gap. Just over all displeased with the fit. The material and craftsmenship of the dress was great the fit was not at all pleasing...
This product was not as described. Went below my knees and very tight. I returned.
I wear an 11.5 and these fit like clown shoes.
It stretched out after only a few washes. It doesn't fit my frame and i am pretty disappointed.
I bought this for my Eleven cosplay because I didn't have time to make one myself. Honestly I'm incredibly disappointed in this jacket. There are open, fraying seams, the material is incredibly itchy and the cuffs are very tight (even for someone who is under 100 lbs like me). The bright white zipper is pretty distracting and the material is so thin that if I wanted to go out and do a photoshoot, I'd freeze to death. That'd probably be the same if your kid was wearing this for Halloween. I was really bummed because the Eleven dress I bought was such great quality, but the likelihood that I'm keeping this piece is incredibly low. Save yourself the hassle of buying this and get a blue jacket from Savers or something, because anything is bound to be better than this. It's not worth the $25 they're selling it for
Thought this was "handmade" in America but clearly from the packaging it came in, it was handmade in China, so I threw it away, bc that was the only reason I bought it in the first place. Wasn't worth returning just a waste of time.
It's smells horribly of cigarette smoke like so badly that when I opened the package I could smell it. The cactus detailing on it isn't not nearly as bright on color as it in the photo it's much more faded. It's also a cheap, grainy feeling fabric.
The strap broke as soon as I tried to put it on. Also the sequins are super scratchy. No thanks.
I bought this to wear with a bridesmaid dress and thought it would be perfect because of all the positive reviews. I was not pleased. I tried it for the first (and only) time when I was having the dress hemmed. The entire time I had it on (a few hours) it didn't feel at all secure. I had to keep pressing it against my skin to stick. I even showered before putting it on and I don't use any kind of lotion or moisturizer. Maybe I got the wrong size and that could be the issue. I don't see this fitting females with larger chests at all, so I wouldn't even try. My friend accidentally threw away the plastic sheets that protect that sticky part and I thought I'd just use Saran wrap to store them. BIG MISTAKE! The wrap wouldn't come off at all. The day of the wedding I am pleading with this bra to let go of the clear wrap. Didn't happen, so this bra is no longer usable. It was a waste of money, in my opinion.
It's way too short! The size is great! Just not the length! I walk two steps and the slip is hiking up!
You get holes within few weeks. Not a good investment I'm afraid.
Form-fitting was okay. They did warm up went I put them on in my house. I was happy then. I work for a trucking firm night shift on the docks and it was 17 degrees tonight. Needless to say I froze tonight. I would not recommend these for The Frigid cold temperatures. Maybe they do well in the 30-degree area.
Extremely disappointed. Not nearly as pink as shown
I'm a size c and this are size c-d let me tell you they run very small and after 25 min they start slowly sliding living your bubs hanging I try to fixed but again. They don't stick very well to your skin.
The size of bag a little too small!
does not have any type of lining..thus making you feel somewhat naked unlike other shorts that all come with lining support. Had I known this up front,I would not have ordered this product since I now have to wear some type of extra support if I plan on wearing these shorts....HELP
The model pic is so misleading....I really wanted to like this shirt. The material is great, but the front is way longer than the back which is just weird. And by the time you get the right size to make sure the shirt is long enough, it becomes too large and unflattering on the top. Plus the V is nowhere near as deep or wide as the picture shows....felt like a men's v neck. I'm returning, but I can imagine on another body type it could work better then it did for me.
These are way to big for me but feel nice
For a 5' 5 " person this happens to be short in length, the legs reached just below the calf.
You do not get the puff that you see in photo good quality hat
very oddly shaped hat
It is not as long as it looks in the picture.
These pants are more like joggers than dress pants. They are way too casual for work. The large elastic band at that top, pushes any extra stomach weight down to pop through the very stretch material below the band. The pants are super long and come to a tight ankle. The front pockets are short and the back pockets are faux.
Came with holes in it :( super sad cause other than that it was perfect.
It is ok, not even close to the color in the picture.
Very cheap material- letters are faded
these are advertised as high waisted and they are literally the most low waisted jeans I own. I can't wear these because they're so low cut that I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing them.
Poor quality..I tried them on but never wore them.
It's a cute, well made suit... But the top is somewhat small and there is a spot in the back where the straps attach that is itchy/pokey. It fits well enough around, but the straps don't allow for enough adjustment and the back of the top either pulls up or the band pulls up under my breasts. You can only loosen part of the straps, but that does nothing for the rest of them being too short and pulling on the top. I'm disappointed and probably won't wear the suit. At least it was cheap, because I missed the return window. The bottoms fit pretty well, and only sit a tiny bit higher on my hips than I'd prefer. If you have any sort of flab in the love handle area, these bottoms will accentuate that. If that doesn't bother you, you're good. For reference, I'm about 5'4", 116 lbs. I'm a 36B, and generally wear a size 4-6. I ordered a small.
I've been wearing these pants roughly once per week for 6 months, and they're approaching the end of their life. The hemming is all falling apart, strings coming off everywhere, and the material is pilling up. They've been downgraded to yardwork pants.
VERY wide. Size down.
These are nice. Soft and cushy. Unfortunately not good for my pudgy feet and ankles. They had a vice grip and left marks. Great if your ankles are slim and trim.
A little smaller than expected but still wearable. FYI these bicycle shorts give major camel toe. I can't decide if it is because they are a little small on me or it is the nature of these shorts.
Bows fell on beanie after washing.
It is very sheer or see through its nice other than that but everyone will see what you have underneath and not what i was looking for, very thin too.
Looks much better on the model. Really cheaply made, but was really inexpensive. So I got what I paid for.
This dress is perfect! I am 6 months pregnant. The skirt has beautiful silky fabric the perfect length and fits great!It even has pockets that don't bulge!
Fabric was terrible!!
Giving 2 star because I returned and they're saying they have not received the item even though I sent it back. I sent it with 3 other items I was returning and this is the only one that's saying they haven't received it.
I like the shape of the top and the material. However, i have to give it a 2 because I ordered a MEDIUM and they sent me a SMALL. It is such a hassle to have to return and reorder.
I didn't feel like it had enough support, like it didn't suck anything in.
Lens got loose within weeks and falls out. Lens has like a thicker spot in the middle so it distorts things. Overall pretty crappy sunglasses.
Poor garment quality. Returned item.
It might have been pretty, but it runs too small.
I gave this nice suit 5 stars but now have found that the bright color fades dramatically in the sun & pool
The color was perfect. The fit was perfect. The length was too short
This item is clearly describes as having an asymmetrical / irregular hem and it does not. I wrote to the seller & received no response. It's pretty but the advertised hem would be prettier and more flattering.
They sent me a size bigger than what I ordered but I needed it for a wedding the next day so I used it anyways and it fit pretty good so no big deal. They stuck on very well at first but the moment I even started sweating they came unstuck and would not stick back on even after wiping the sweat off the bra and myself with a wipe and drying them out. I ended up having to go put on my bra. Pretty unsatisfying for the amount of money I spent.
I took the suit on vacation. It Looks like a maternity suit. The color is nice, but it was too large so I left it in Mexico.
Custome started unraveling immediately should be half the price
Wanted to love this hat, bought it for my honeymoon. Packages well, looks adorable. It lasted 2 afternoons at the beach before it ripped near the ribbon. After the first tear it just kept falling apart. I was quite disappointed.
The foot part of the sock was too big for the size it was suppose to fit, washing did not help, cannot use them.
Nice quality but I returned. Rather than being a bathing suit top it's a split front that comes with bikini bottom. Not what I was shopping for, not what is pictured.
Runs small. Order a size or two up.
Socks were different lengths
I purchased the black dress. The material is thin and see-through across my chest. It's better with a tank top underneath, but the dress doesn't drape well.
The cups are super visible and don't stay in place. For this reason i gave it a 2. It looks tacky. I found the straps to be long. I'm a 34g and i woukd Need to wear a bra with this.
[Mrs., here] For only $9, I can't complain, but pay attention to the reviews that say the material is light. It is fairly light. Also, this is made in China---and I have no issues with that, per se---but always keep in mind that apparel made in Asia is almost always going to be small by Western standards, and that is the case with this hat. I have a small head (comparatively), and this hat fits me snugly. I wore it once, and the fabric stretched out of shape. Lastly, there is an odd, thin, white line on the outside of the hat. At first I thought it was thread, and then perhaps that it was a repair, and I finally figured out that it's likely the dark colored "wool" is attached to some kind of white base fabric, and there is a small "gap" in dark fabric there, which tells me there was a quality control oversight. ~ Bottom line: If you want French beret, buy one made in France. They are more expensive, but you get what you pay for in this case.
The fabric feels comfortable, but it is very thin, and if anything(I'm talking even a drop of hairspray, food, etc.) gets on it you have to treat it with a spot spray and only then, whatever is on it MIGHT come out. They wrinkle really easily, too. Between the staining and the wrinkling they look frumpy rather than clean and tidy. They should probably only be worn as an undershirt because of how thin they are.
Too much material.....loose layering and texture. Order a size down to keep the girls up. Pads don't stay in place, but you can take them out. However, the material was breathable. I'm a 38dd, the XL was to big and no support....unless I put it over another bra for smashing the girls down purpose.
I had brought few of these pasties from different vendors on Amazon, sorry to say this one doesn't meet the expectation comparing with others, the package arrived in plastic bag, no packaging whatsoever. The delivery was fast though.
like the shorts but after one wear the pocket came unsewn.
Runs big and is poor quality. I bought the size based on the sizing chart and it was too big. On top of that it was not made very well, the lace on the sleeves didn't match the white on the torso of the shirt . Way too expensive , I returned it but took a few pics prior to doing so.
Good jogger/work out pants, just not worth what you pay. Kick in the extra few bucks and go with underarmour or Adidas or nike.
Cute shirt for girls to wear at camp. Loved it at first- but after washing a few times, all of the design has cracked off. It looks awful.
Not impressed. Color was too dark- almost looked black. Haven't worn- haven't given away. It was well made- just not so cute on me. Should have a model in ad- so people can see how it looks on.
Fabric is beautiful definitely great bargain. I ordered two different colors for a wedding and this blue one was defective! The top halter part is all messed up. It was cut uneven, has a horrible flap of extra fabric on the halter.
Cheap zipper. Kept getting stuck so can't imagine it would last long before breaking off. Returning
UPDATE** After Wearing for 6 weeks the collar and sleeve cuffs starting 'pilling up badly. It's apparently poor material. Great looking Jacket! Looks very military. Great looking color too (Olive).
Way too small and stiff to fold. Pretty colors. Nice quality.
So the jacket fits ok, but i went to tighten the drawstring at the waist and the coat ripped on both sides. Cheap material :-/ very disappointed.
I bought these for my son who wears a 6 or 7 in men's and they are too small. Not true to size at all. Disappointed. Didn't get refund as offered.
I wanted to wear for vacation. The logo size was to small on the shirt. Didn't look right.
Looks great, fits great but rolls down on my stomach when doing cardio.
I'm not sure if I had a defective package but these would not stick. I was bummed because I needed these for a trip but it didn't work out, and I returned these. There was no way for these to be adhesive.
Alas, the product fits well enough but the colors are wrong. Mine was supposed to be pink black dot and RED. The first two were right, but what they are calling "red", unless it was sent by mistake, is hot pink, but nowhere near red. Since I bought the package specifically for the red pair, it's not particularly helpful. I also didn't see anywhere to speak to a customer service person. 🤔
Socks look exactly as advertised and arrived new in package however they seem to be all different sizes. Some fit great (4 pairs) while the rest barely fit over my foot. I attempted to email seller but no response so now I'm stuck with great looking socks I can't wear.
In some cases like this, you get what you pay for. Although these extensions are true to color, length, and fullness, they will not respond to styling with heat. I began trying to curl them in short intervals to see how they'd respond. With no curl or even wave to them, I held them in the curler longer. After about 40 seconds, they started to smell as if they were melting, and still no curl! If you plan to wear them straight, I think it's a decent purchase. They are very thick, good quality, and the clips are sewn in well. No complaints there, but unfortunately they are useless for me since I prefer to have them curled/wavy.
this nightgown is comfortable to wear. however just after few washes color of this nightgown had faded to much that it looks too old and worn out . i will not buy this product (or similar from seller) again.
See through! Not like "active" tights at all...like they are called. Plus there were only 5 pairs not 6. I was really hoping these were better quality.
I don't mind cheap clothes, I just don't like when they look cheap. To me this was unwearable, so I used it for a youtube video. I hacked it and then threw it away.
The packaging was nice and the style is as pictured, but these are very overpriced for the quality. The fabric is thin. I wear a size 8.5-9 and they are somewhat small and uncomfortable. I also didn't notice when ordering but they don't come with the option for return, so I guess I'm stuck with socks I'll never use.
I've had about six pair of these and I've had to replace the cheap buttons that broke on every pair! Won't be buying anymore
Its good points... great color and lace detail, nice control without being too tight, no back rolls that you usually get with partial shapewear that requires you to wear your own bra with it. Unfortunately, there is zero support and shape in the bra cup area - Maidenform should know better - my "girls" need more support and reinforcement than this garment allows. The fabric in the cup area is too thin - god forbid you wear it under a white top, it's so thin and sheer in the bra area that I could even see the beauty mark that only me and my boyfriend knows I have. I wanted a one-piece to avoid the bra/back roll thing and I assumed Maidenform, being in the business of bras, would do a better job but this reminds me of the first trainer I wore when I was like 10 yrs old. Disappointed. Everything else looks good with it so far - just too bad I have larger boobs. Guess I'll have to try it with a bra for coverage and support after all, but buying it as a one-piece was the whole point (to avoid bra-inducing rolls and lines) and with Maidenform's subpar cups this totally defeats the purpose... oh well...
Not what I expected. Don't like how it opens
Okay for first wear but after washing color went quick, fabric got baggie and feels really thin and has the little fuzz balls on it. Waist band is very unflattering. 👎
Shirt is silky and very slim. Looks cheap and cheesy.
When I read the reviews I thought this would be a good pants. But when I receive them they were very thin and just like cheap Leggins. You can buy better ones even at Walgreens
So I got my first set of these in another brand from Target and they worked great but the legs got too tight for my son's thighs. I tried this brand and they just leak really bad. If your kid poops it'll be in the pool which is pretty gross. Our last set did not have that problem
Did not like these pants.
I've purchased these king-sized socks before and they worked out fine but in this order they are too small. I have size 14 narrow feet and the socks don't stretch enough for the heel of the sock to reach my heel. They cause a weird phenomenon where as I walk on carpet, the socks try to work their way off my feet. They are likely mislabeled. I'd love to hear when the inventory has been fixed so I could try ordering again.
The material was not high quality.
Needed for a school play. Hat arrived in a box with other items. The hat was dented and the brim was bent. It was usable but disappointing.
This bathing suit fit so poorly. The sizing is correct in terms of your waist, but unless you have and A or B cup chest this suit will not work for you .
Color is as pictured, don't care for the style. It appears as if nicely pleated when in reality there is no pleats at all.
Fits small - I wear an XL and usually the size is a little big. These fit tight.
Super disappointed order an X large and is like a medium:( Dress runs small.....
Not the same punk as the picture. The picture looks more red, the actual color is a lighter pink.
They put the zipper in the dumbest place. Literally it's on the side and it's all bunched up. With and that this dress would be perfect. I'm wondering if this can be flattened somehow or I will have to send it back. Super disappointing and annoying. I slid the stress on without a problem and it doesn't even need a zipper. It looks like i have side rolls and the right hip sticks out making it look sloppy and uneven. The bottom half of the dress is stiff like a table cloth but the color is beautiful. I'm returning because of the zipper :-(
Too small for the size I ordered
The shipment arrived as scheduled with no delay but unfortunately the product is extremely poor quality. There is very little support or cushion at all.
I don't return thing, fit was terrible. I will give it away
So I read alot of reviews before purchasing this product. Alot seemed to be please with this dress. I was NOT. I tried on the pale pink color and you can see EVERYTHING through it. I had a nude bra and underwear on but it looked like I might as well had a black bra on. The Fit was nice so I am tempted to try again in a different color and see if a darker color is less see through.
The gloves itself are super cute but they do not work on touch screen at all so I was very disappointed cause that was the purpose of me purchasing the gloves.
was a little snug said xxl but not normal xxl sizes that i wear. came very wrinkled so much so it looked terrible, i am sending it back
The picture is more of a purpley burgundy color. The dress came in a is a deep crimson red. I'm totally bummed.
This is definitely a "you get what you pay for" item. The image and text is pixels and somehow blurry at the same time. It will do for this holiday season, but I probably won't keep it for next year.
does not fit well. Daughter at college will not wear.
Returned it... was to big
I didn't realize I should have gotten a size bigger. The nightgown fits too snug on me. I usually wear a medium, but it clings too much.
Had it for a couple weeks and it doesn't even hold the money anymore. It stretched out so much. Save your money and get a better one.
It's ok but it's not what I thought it was, based on the photos when deciding on this one to purchase. I was hoping the back didn't have a cinched part to be tight in the back but it does. I didn't want to have to squish my hair up into it when sleeping, hoping to keep my curls in better shape, but unfortunately it's just that -- I'd have to shove my hair in and there would be a crease. Meh.
This is a not a great purchase and I am returning it right away. It fits well but is very unflattering on me at least And I'm really curvy. And they don't offer free shipping so it's a complete waste of money.
At least 6 inches too small:(
The sleeves are too short and I'm not that tall. Like 5 inches of my arm is still exposed. Looks like quality is hit or miss. It's a little tighter than I expected
The tag and my underwear were visible from behind, so I returned them.
POOR QUALITY, I USE IT AS A PAJAMA NOW
Received fast and color is as expected. Seams not finished, as in stings hanging and uneven. It was snug in the chest- I'm a 38DD and for the price, I cant really complain too much of the material but it was rough. It would be fine for someone less busty and long enough to cover any belly and not too wide that it looks like maternity, but the quality was just bad.
Worn and laundered once, one pair is separated at the hem.
This company was terrible to work with!!! I needed to return the dress and they made it impossible to do! the person that sent the emails was so rude, I will NEVER buy from them again! If you buy from them , don't try to return it!!!!!!
Nothing like in picture, very see through, cheap
The suit is very long, strap are too long and the suit runs large. Gave the item to my step-daughter. She is taller and larger than I.
I was disappointed that the description and pictures showed thermal boot socks and what showed up was 3 packs of mens socks that are normal length. Also, very little elastic around top so socks end up in a wad around the ankle. This purchase was to help the homeless, but I hesitate to give these to them. Great price, but not what was advertised. Update- I contacted the seller and was pleased that they responded quickly and replaced the socks. Thank you
great material but way to small i went according to size chart i probably need a 3x or 4x maybe 5x this sizing thing i dont get
Cute but oversized and the bigger rhinestones are not rhinestones, they are clear transparent beads and look cheaply made
Nice design just so much extra material around the edges making the wallet much bigger than it needs to be.
Runs big and too “white” looks like a cheap white
Arrived feeling damp and had a weird smell almost fishy. Fits snugger then I wanted it too even though I ordered the 4x and I normally wear a 24-26 depending on fit. Washing the item now so I hope it washes well.
The quality is not the best but is cute ..
Sorry to say the 1st week I used these gloves they immediately became lint-tee. Most of all they did not keep my hands ward in NYC weather
The material feels cheap and the strap is not fully sewn..I think the print is beautiful however the quality is no good at all...
Glorified Sweat pants
They fit great at the waist band. But it says long legged and they are not. they are real short and ride up very easily .. very uncomfortable because I have to keep readjusting them
Waited to wear them for a photo shoot.. two days after the return window... the straps are really difficult and a snap came off before we made it or the door. So cute but now we won't be able to wear them again. :(
Really didn't fit they way it look in the picture
I love the idea but not so much the Quality. I am 5'7” and a C cup chest, I ordered a large, it did not fit me to my expectation. It's short on the torso, seems to be for a kid than a grown up. The T-shirt is wide instead of a long. Also, it smelled bad out of the package I had to air it out for a couple of weeks before the smell finally went away
Wig is stupid. Ugly, but I got it for the dress.... The dress, was super cute, ripped everywhere after 1-2 hours of wear at a bday party. even though it fit fine the seams all just split. For the cost of this I expected it to be better quality.
This is super soft and cozy but sheds terribly. I bought 2 and wanted more. I guess the material is poor quality to come apart so. Used it once and have to get my dress dry cleaned. It is covered in fibers. They are warm, cozy, pretty, and very versatile. However, not very usuable due to the lose fibers that get all over. Do NOT put near children or people with breathing problems.
Too small, its chinese size
These aren't fleece leggings. What I received was a little thicker than other pairs of leggings I have but definitely not fleece lined! I own a pair of this brand that is fleece lined and they are so comfy which is why I came here searching for more. I will keep them but definitely not order again from this company.
It's an xxl and the shoulders fit but it was way too small across the knees and down! People need to close the robe. Not walk around with everything hangin out.
I don't know how to contact the seller. This item is adorable but it is missing the tail. I don't know if I need to return the whole outfit to get the tail or if they can just send the tail. Please contact me because my granddaughter wants to be this for Halloween.
I knew I was going to have problems when the cellophane backing ripped just trying to get it off. They seemed to fit ok, but also had a hard time getting them off my fingertips to place. About 20 min into wearing them I felt sudden itching and realized they were slowly coming off, the adhesive slowly letting go of my skin was causing the itching. After attempting to re-attach, it was about 5 minutes before it started again. Thankfully I brought a bra with me in my purse cuz after 3 tries I gave up. I really hoped they would work but the adhesive seemed to want to stick to everything BUT my chest. Also I didn't have the cellophane backing to put them back on, so I put them in a Ziploc bag. When I tried to remove them from the bag, some of the adhesive came off onto the bag. I followed the instructions, my skin was clean, but they just didn't hold. Very disappointing.
This is running large and most of all it is not cute
The panties run really small other than that they would be ok. I gave 4 pairs to my sister
Didn't care for the color. You could see through the top.
Waist band itself is a little snug but fit is good. Love these pants they were a favorite for about a month before they started falling apart in butt/ crotch area. Those little plastic strings are showing through & it looks pretty terrible. Wore & washed more than 5 less than 10 times
Nice size but not very absorbant.
Used it to wear after open heart surgery, as I thought it would be soft cotton and easy to get on. I thought it was crinkle cotton, but the material is very stiff.
This dress was not for my body type. I am very small chested and the extra bagginess up top hid everything. Plus, it tended to bunch up around the elastic, and with no accompanying belt it just looked weird. The sleeves were a bit baggy, as well.
and i wanted black not navy
These shorts are way longer than I expected. They do not fit like Nike spandex 3” inseam shorts. I measured these and it is definitely 5” inseam.
The dress is beautiful, I love the fabric, how it falls is great. It fits perfectly too . I had to put 2 stars because I wore it once, washed and it came all tear down.
Dr recommend I get belly band, as I've been having a lot of low back pain. When I received this in the mail, I immediately put it on. One thing I noticed was the Velcro wasn't sticking like it should. After wearing for a few hours, I could still feel pain in my low back and the band slipping; despite my waist meets the guidelines to wear. I'll wear for a few more days to see and if no improvements, I will be returning.
Beautiful bra, but the black shipped at the same time fits perfectly, the white even being the same size is 2 inches too short in the band.
There was a hole in the right sleeve near the elbow and though it fit on the top it was extremely loose on the bottom.
It was a nice looking poncho, but it was way too small for my friend. I had to return it.
It fit as expected and I like everything about it except one side pokes me near arm pit after wearing it a while. It hurts and I can't wait to take it off.
I like the height but does very little for the silhouette.
They were too short for my taste and, this may be my fault, but I ordered a size 9 and because they were high tops, my waist was too small and the jeans were a little loose. Also, I expected them to be more tight fitting towards the butt area, but they were not. I considered ordering a smaller size, but then they would've been even shorter on me.
Cheaply made. Did not compliment me at all. I had to give it away.
I was really excited about these leggings after reading all the reviews. They fit great and are super soft, but after one run, they are already becoming fuzzy from the wear and tear. In the description, it says they can be worn for running, and they felt great and held their shape during the run, so I'm super bummed they are already forming fuzz balls/pilling.
This dress didn't fit quite right. Might be cute on someone else, but I have a large bust, and the seam in the middle hit me in a weird spot.
I like the quality of the apron but I chose black and this is not black
My husband used to love FOTL boxers. They have changed the fit; the waistband is super small now. He had to cut the waistband just to be able to wear these. We can't size up because the rest of the boxer is the normal size, so if we sized up the boxer itself would be huge while the waistband might be a better fit. He's lean, so these just don't work anymore.
It is ok for the price I guess. Not fully squat proof. Not a good workout material. I will show your sweat.
Ordered for myself and returned small size is for a small hand with slim fingers. My hand is not chubby but fit was off and fingers were way to long. Went back to Isotoner.
Liked the outfit, but after 4-5 uses the stitching came undone at the neck of the shirt.
I ordered up a size and it was still to small. Plus, it was very thin.
I was so excited for this dress! The fit is nice, a little loose. But it's so see through you can see my belly button lol. Bummer.
Did not fit my son's sunglasses. Wanted to return but unable to. Items did arrive promptly, but unhappy with return policy. Did not see no return policy when purchasing it.
We received the product on time but only half the bow was received. As you can see from the picture the bottom of the bow was missing.
Socks shrunk up pretty bad
Only thing I expected out of these shirts was for them to be black. Nope. Just a sad, dark blue. Everything else is fine though I mean, they're just t-shirts. But, if you want a black shirt, these aren't the ones
there isn't the underwear inside. I would prefer that.
I really like the suit however the seam is unsewn on the side it should have been caught in an inspection
Material is cheap...not worth the cost
Love the color and fullness....... Size is way off
These are nice looking gloves, but they are NOT WARM!! If you want to have fingers left to text with when you are out in the cold I'd suggest other gloves.
The pants fit as expected and seem to be pretty comfortable but they are definitely see through. I was hoping to be able to wear them while out running, but it looks like I'll have to keep them for inside the house use only. If you're looking for non-see-through pants, keep looking.
Order at least a size or 2 bigger than your regular size.
I was disappointed. It wasn't realistic. It was shiny and didn't look good under the stage lights.
Good material, but too small than the usual size, I was small size, but this I need to change to M size.
Bottoms are way too big for the sizes.
No stretch and the top was small I order a large I'm 5/6 165lb
Took forever to arrive and when it did, it didn't fit as I liked.
i wanted to love these. The detailing is cute, but the rise hit me in an awkward place. A bit higher than in the picture, at a weird place on my belly causing them to roll down. The crotch was also a bit wide, leaving weird puckering in the front. The PUL lining was just too much and what ultimately lead me to send them back. It's stiff and very diaper like. Nearly the entire rear is lined, much much larger than a pad would be and just left me feeling like i was wearing a diaper more than a menstrual product. I'm also concerned about the breath-ability of plastic lined underwear.
Nice socks, but not as large as listed. I wear a size 15 shoe comfortably, and these socks will not pull over my heels, and slide down my foot immediately. They re simply not long enough.
The material is super nice. The XL is more like an M. Fast delivery though.
Although it is nice and soft, it started to come apart at the seams after the first wash :(
Even though the color and style was what I was looking for was a bit too big in a little bit tight fitting even though as a extra large
The white part isn't white at all, more of a dirty tan color. Very disappointed
I ordered XL in Black but a 2XL was sent. In the process of returning the item and waiting for the right size to be shipped.
The material is cheap . Will never wear it
Poorly made. But I knew it would be for the price.
White is see-through. Length is too short for me; hits above ankles. I'm 5'8".
Cheap material and flimsy stitching. Waste of money!
I really wanted to love these leggings - they were true to size, flattering and perfect for my flow yoga class but alas the first night I noticed a small hole in the seam near my knee :( I wasn't expecting these to last forever but definitely more than just 1 wear. Disappointed.
The necklace is not to bad, but it could be much better. It looks good, and the size is correct, however it has some problems. The main problem to me, is that some of the pearl strands seem to be missing pearls. As a result when you wear it you will see some holes in these strands. I do not know if this is problem is limited to my necklace, or if it a common problem with this product, however the empty spaces between pearls I can see in my necklace make it look cheap and low quality.
I returned this as I didn't like how the nude underneath showed and the ends are just cut so they already looked frayed and I can't imagine it will hold up to washing for very long.
Not as soft or as comfortable as ones I've purchased in the past. Sizes are inconsistent in same package.
Sleeves were too long and the wristbands too loose.
I like the product for carrying books. The side pocket is used to store small items like a cell phone and keys. The zipper broke. It would also catch on its lining from time to time.
I cannot seem to find nursing bras that fit and stay clasped! The grey one was the one I was most looking forward to and the clasps will NOT stay shut on it! They won't clip together so they are loose all of the time. I was very disappointed.
I bought this scarf because I loved the colors online. Once received , the colors are dull and the scarf looks drab. So disappointed.
Runs small and the material feels cheap. The laces were to short as well
Either I have a big head or these are more for women. Good quality but too small for me.
Cute but i ordered a medium and it came large which was way to big for me.
Great colors, but the shirts are constructed like a box; as wide as they are long. They shrunk quite a bit after one wash. Not a bad price for four, however I would not purchase again.
well this dress is super cute and flirty- i have a large chest size so unfortunately it was too tight and the elastic around the shoulders do not give grace to it was even tighter- cute but returned
Black and coral swimsuit actually looks like a really ugly Halloween costume- black and orange. Pretty bummed since I fly out today and wanted to bring this. 2 stars bc it functions- it's sewn well and can get wet.
I am busty so I ordered a larger size because I need the bigger cup size. The stated cup size was no where big enough based on the size of other bras.
Shoulders were tight and too boxy everywhere else. Arms were perfect but too much extra material to make it flowy.
They were exactly as described, however, my breasts were too heavy...and all these "lifts" were able to do was provide a VERY sticky residue and cover my nipples. Oh well, nothing ventured, nothing gained.
I have bought these in the past and they fit well. These that I bought this time were way to long.
wear a Wet suit its the same thing. Hot awful hard to get on and off. It does nothing
After several washes, they shrink, then want to fall off the backs of your heals. I will not buy again....
Just an odd shaped shirt.
They are alright. I was disappointed because the pictures are misleading.They are regular shaped pants, not like the picture where the inseam is lower and rounded.
Thin, flimsy, too big, very cheap.
I was never able to use they while pregnant. Way too small.
Very cute but I question the quality. The button holes were misplaced and looks like the seamstress ripped the sewn areas in addition to the fabric when the hole was opened up. See pictures.
these are tagged as XXL, but they are smaller than the XL I normally wear. they are being returned
Doesn't cover my mom pooch or go up high enough for my taste.
I'm honestly not sure if I want to keep it. Came out of the package with an incredibly strong odor. The material is very itchy and scratchy and the faux fur sheds at an unbelievable rate. I only just tried it on and my shirt is covered in it. I purchased it for an event this weekend, and had points to use, so it's no great loss, but it really is a horrible choice in fabrics.
Runs very small and length was way too long
Fit small and tight. Shorter than expected too
I am 5'11", 141 pounds, and I found it to be large, very little compression. It is silky, though, and I will wear it. It just does not have a lot of compression.
This is the case where something looks cute in pictures, but not in person.. or on you! Well, I really had to have this because of the buttons, and the fact it's a tunic. However, it is a bit bigger in terrible places, and awkward than expected. It looks as if I have an enormous pouch. Haven't even worn it out yet.. and I don't think I will. Guess I have a new house shirt.
It would have been nice to know that the red parts of the shirt was covered in white polk-a-dots
Slips off belt during normal activity. Will use for another purpose. NOT right for a Gun Belt Pack.
This was way too small for my three month old. It was too short and her head didn't fit through the opening.
I only needed the ears to complete a costume. The tail was kind of slapped together and the stuffing is coming out. But I found the name to best part.
Runs really small I'm a size 8 in panties and I ordered 2x I need a 4x. They dont look. They sit too high kinda looks like hotdogs buns
Feel poorly made, strings constantly being pulled out. little warmth
poorly put together, is supposed to be high waisted but is too loose on my waist. is a very weird fabric and the white and black blend together too well. the underneath fabric sticks out from the front
It just squeezed my pooch out the bottom and top like a bra that was to small and yes I measured and got the right size I have since re gifted to someone else.
very small on top and very large on bottom. I'm 5 feet tall and evenly proportioned.
For someone that is only 98 lbs and 5'0 run way to small I got my daughter the M but still. She was looking forward. 😐
Wasn't quite the look I was going for and found a cuter one.
I had read the review on the dress and saw that the arm holes were small. But holy moly! It's like they increased all the rest of the dress measurements and forgot the fact that big bodies have big arms. They are way small, tight and are NOT stretchy. If they used a stretchy lace, that would solve this problem. If you are a sewing kind of person you could easily cut and adjust but this is a design flaw they need to fix. The rest of the dress is wonderful and comfortable.
Soooooooo cheaply made it is ridiculous. Fabric is very think. Threads are hanging everywhere. It looks and feels the a baptism rob.
The glue inside the mask is sticky and messy. Gets all over your kids face.
The quality of cotton is inferior (Gildan) which makes pretty much an overpriced T-shirt.
When we opened up the package it looked like we it may have been a return due to a small stain on the blue part of the costume. Luckily, this can be hidden for my son to wear at his art show.
will be returning this dress as the child doesn't like the style....it's too poofy for her,
Super uncomfortable and has a werid smell
So much lint comes off of this hoodie even after washing. It seems to get worse. Save your money or invest in a lint roller. And it also doesn't have a size on it. It's kind of tight before you get the whole hoodie on.
Large body. Sleeves tight. Would not purchase again.
Material is ok but don't look as good as picture
Loved the shirt but you can see the seems busting in the under arms already. This shirt won't last long which is a shame
They did not fit very well even with going up from my normal size.
Very bad quality. I am going to throw it away soon.
Too big but liked the material
I did not like the feel of the fabric at all. I washed this and tried it on, but haven't actually ever worn it. This was a poor decision on my part.
I love this wallet. It is spacious and better than my last on which was like in a can. It is secure too! And i can put cash as well as change! BUT the zipper is broken since. I am so disappointed.
My husband has a 36 waist but these shorts were way too small. He couldn't fasten them.. We sent them back.
I really just wanted the black and red belts, but the red isn't a true red...it was way darker than expected. Returned.
Was looking for evening dress pants. The texture of this fabric was better for work dress pants in an industrial environment.
I'm not happy that one pair came put of the package brand new with a nickel sized hole along the seam. I'm not sure it's worth the hassle yo return them since she already wore two other pairs and none of the others seem to have any issues. I wish there was a way to just return one and not all of them. Since I do like them and she wears tights all the time and I like that these are things for the cool weather. Just frustrating ☹️ but the ones without this issue I really love. They look cute and have a nice stretch to them. The other think I noticed is there a a lot of thread ends on a couple pairs that just didn't get trimmed I assume. No one but me would notice because it's under her dress or bloomers but just worth noting.
Awkward to put on and doesnt stay in place very well. Husband tried using this for his uniform shirt. Bulky and do not stay in place as shown I pic
Like other reviews, I have purchased these socks for years at Costco. These are completely different. Missing the KB on the top and very thin, almost see through. Will not be purchasing these again from Amazon. K. Bell socks are generally great, but these are not the same.
This is a fragile belt. The leather weaving can easily break when fastening the belt. I would not recommend it for the money.
Returned. SOOOOO tiny and the inside clips had ribbon glued on them which meant they grasped even less hair. These would be great for infants but not much else.
Aqua one is good, the rest are crap. Won't hold hair, will barely stay on to wash your face.
Runs large, fabric is flimsy and the V is too low cut. Returned.
Was larger and square-shaped...unexpected
obviously a 3X doesn't mean the same everywhere.
Received the package on time but there was nothing in it :( my daughter was so upset. It is possible someone stole it or packaging was ripped and it fell out?
I am dissatisfied with the durag since it doesn't fit properly on my son's head. It doesn't compress the waves on his hair. So the purchase was a total waste of money.
Wore once and the color is already peeling away from the belt.
I have plenty of athletic cut shirts, I'm used them being snug. This shirt, however, is just badly designed dimension-wise. The neck is loose to the point of stretched. While the chest and abs fit as they should, the sleeves are so tight my arms don't fit in, and I do not have the biggest arms! Try to move around in this shirt and the shoulders will tear.
I have only worn one pair, but had a hole in the toe within hours of putting it on my foot. Hopefully it is just that one sock and not the entire set that will do this.
The rainbow sleeve butterfly one is super cute in person BUT the sleeves are too short, like 3/4 which doesn't work for my girl. She can't stand them.Also I ordered an 8 tall BUT beware that when it came it was tagged as 7-8. I also ordered the hedgehog one which seems more in line with how it should fit. The sleeves and bottom are both longer than rainbow one. I need to return the one that doesn't fit but they don't accept returns boo. This did not work out well and i feel like money has been wasted.
The fabric is not great for pet owners. Everything clings to them. I would not buy again.
It's alright but the cut of the top looks very awkward and unflattering around the armpit
Pants had a small hole in them and it eventually spread. I should have returned them but didn't think it would spread so quickly. Cheaply made. Kids loved them though, and they grow so quickly it wasn't that big of a deal I guess?
They fold down when sitting.
This is completely see through. One needs a camisole to wear this.
This shirt runs very small. It's not stretchy. The v-neck is high so you don't have to worry about showing too much skin.
according to size chart these should have fit. about 2 sizes too small.
had a couple of holes in one of them. disappointed.
I chose the skirt out of 100s available because of the bow, and as stated in other reviews there is no bow. I am not sure why the seller keeps offering the item if not available. Other than that I am not impressed with the material- it is a dust magnet (very visible on the navy skort), kind of hard and folds at the hem very easily.
Bad quality. Lots of shavings and particle the first time I wore it. Dont think it can last long. The size is not right. I am 5'6'' and weigh 135lb. The small size I ordered is perfect at the waist but a little too tight at the legging.
Two part review: Sizing: (Assuming Size 8-9 T is US Size 8-9 year old) - My daughter is below average weight and slightly above average height. I am guessing this was at least 2 sizes too small for her...my guess the equivalent of an approx. size 5 to 6. DEFINITELY size up (my suggestion - 2 sizes) if you choose to purchase. (That being said....) Quality/Appearance: very pretty, well made, versatile shrug at a great price!
I liked the look of the top, and the food was good. The quality was poor. The material was stiff and didn't hang correctly. It reminded me of wearing a paper bag
Disappointed in this coat. It is a bit large and bulky but I'm able to get past that as I was looking for something that went past my bottom. My only issue with this coat is the collar that is huge and bulky and I haven't been able to get it turned down. It's very uncomfortable when you have the coat zipped all the way up as you just feel like you have this pillow around your head.
I ordered the orange and received bubblegum pink stripes. It also took over two months to arrive and does not look as good as the picture. Would be good for a candy striper nurse costume.
Lining too short - barely covered my underwear. Looks terrible because the fabric of the dress is so sheer.
These gloves are warm. They are of decent quality... Thumb part of both gloves have an awkward seam that takes up an extra 1/2 inch of space at the end though. Very irritating and doesn't look cute.
cuff links broke before they were even used tie is as advertised
This belt is 100% brown. The color is completely off. It's not even close to the picture.
They fit perfect & comfortable however it has a tiny hole & run in the very front of the scrub top, I'm assuming it's because the material is thin so it's very disappointing
These socks were way too small for my granddaughter, who wears a size 7 shoe.
The bottoms on these felt like they were on backwards when I tried them on. I tried them on the other way and they were definitely on backwards. They were just sewn wrong and so they didn't fit.
I was hoping for the best on this but I was disappointed in the quality. It's very thin, the stretchy material doesn't work for me, and the shoulder seam on the left arm is malformed - cheap. But so was the price so I'm just keeping it. Too much hassle to send it back.
Items arrive when expected but I received the wrong size twice!
They are loved by my daughter so they are a win. They are very absorbant however we do use gerber plastic pants over them as we are only starting potty training. The color in the blue pair ran and got on the white super hero panties.
Sizing is off. I ordered a 4x because it said sizes 14-16 and i was way too small
I'm giving this a 2 star because the fit is as expected. But the quality is awful! Almost like t-shirt material! Very cheap looking. These shorts should be $4 at most!
This was supposed to be a metal "secure" your credit cards case. It was all plastic and cheaply made. It was also more expensive then the metal ones I found at another site.
I originally thought this was a good value for all the items that were included. Unfortunately I could not use half of them. The leggings were far too small and the skirt was a awkward length. The quality was also lacking and everything felt very cheap. The gloves started to tear at the seams almost instantly as I wore them.
We purchased xl and fits like a medium
Good quality but not true to size. I'm a 40 DD and wear a 1x. Ordered a 3x and the top fits like a medium. Bottoms are cute if you have the bottom to support it, if not your gut hangs out the front
Shirts run small, thin material. Typical Fruit of The Loom. Should have known better.
These look great but are definitely not leggings as the legs are enormous vs tight. I was very disappointed with these.
Material is thin & cheap. Loose strings hanging off clothing.
Wore once, washed in machine once and the threading on the lower hem came unraveled. Very disappointed
I would not recommend this item if you are a full-figure woman and shapely with large breast and meaty arms.
I wear size 10 1/2 shoes, narrow feet, and these socks cramp my toes. I am so disappointed. And I don't believe I can return them as I tried one pair for a day. I suppose someone will be glad to receive them, but I'd sure like my money back.
I really hate to ever leave a bad review, but we had some issues with this shirt. My boyfriend loves My Hero, and this was his favorite shirt as soon as he opened it, but after one wash (we followed proper washing instructions) the picture and writing is starting to fade off. It's a decently expensive shirt and I feel that it should be better quality than this.
Only lasted about a month or 2 before the wires started coming out and poking me...
I ordered a small and this is fits more like a large! The ruffle in the back is flat and not at all like the photo. The chocker is so wide. I don't live in the states so I can't return.
Feels very cheaply made, shirt material is really thin, graphics look really good though, ill stick to buying from nine line brand
The dress fit perfectly, however it arrived with what looked like deodorant stains on it and it was made out of a weird synthetic type fabric. I returned it.
Definitely not worth the money. A bit uncomfortable. Rides up.
I usually am borderline between medium and large but when the reviews said to order a size up, I got the XL just in case. I couldn't even pull the skirt up over my thighs... I had to give the skirt to my mom who is usually maybe a size 4 at the most. The inside of the skirt said XL size 8 and it fits her well. I gave it two stars because it's still cute.
I was really disappointed in this. Living in Las Vegas, we don't get as cold as most places. In this case, if it had even fit, I would not have been able to wear it. It was hot!!! I tried it on indoors (with the a/c running mind you) and instantly started burning up. Not only was it too big, but without holding your arms out, I didn't feel like it even resembled a bat. Arms at the side I felt like more of a penguin.
I ordered a size bigger going off the reviews that said they ran small. It is too big. Too wide so the arm holes stick out weird at the bottom.
The wire tangled in my clothing on the back of my neck. I finally gave up using it and just perch the glasses on my head. Works better for me.
Perfect fit but material too thin and see thru.
Loose hanging fabric, unless you fill the shorts. Was expecting a heavier fabric swimsuit.
I paid almost 90 dollars for the mustard blue jacket (received a darker blue) . It runs a bit small, but I'm slim so it's just about right for me almost a perfect order however. might return. I'll let it be know if they respond in good time and good service. kind of a bummer I was super excited.
I returned this item already, please refund
Pretty cute but fit weird at the crotch. I wish it was more flattering but maybe it's just my body type
The cup was not correct in sizing
Ordered xxl and usually wears xl. Coat fit like a lg. Material is very flimsy. Did not like so will be returning.
Very thin, cheap material. Too big in chest area.
This is made out of extremely inexpensive polyester, it looks like luxurious cotton, but it's thin cheap looking. On the other hand it was cheap.
Didn't even try it on. Quality of the shirt and emblem seems really CHEAP loved the design looks good
Great shipping. Poor quality. Had come with label sticker glue all on bill of cap. Stiching doesn't match up and shape of cap is completely off. This is a gift for my grandson he lives everything back to the future and grandma can't afford much so I was disappointed on the quality.
These are not made the same as the Leggings by the same name. The waist band is not high or thick and is actually this elastic. They do not hug the contours like the leggings of the same name and brand.
Good quality but too large. I'm regularly M but this one fits as L or XL
They were cute enough, but the crotch was way too narrow (and my daughter is petite as it is) ridiculously narrow...she-could-not-wear-them narrow. Also yes they are unexpectedly big everywhere else. I kept then and waited for her to grow into them.
This pair of leggings are too big. I should've returned.
It was cute but too small .
Was not what I expected.
The sizing was not accurate. Ran way too small and had to return it for that reason. The quality of the suit seemed great though!
Lower quality, have a set bought 2 years ago that are on better condition that this ones.
The product description here is incorrect. These socks do NOT fit up to size 10 shoe! It clearly says on the package that these socks fit up to a size 9 shoe. For those of us with a larger foot it's not going to work out. I have seen some comments here about women not getting the design that they ordered. At least I got the design I ordered! I think we deserve better treatment from this type of seller on Amazon!
I love a good oversized sweater, but this was not oversized in a flattering way. It was short and wide. I bought several other sweaters from Amazon in this particular shipment and this one was the most ill fitting and the cheapest feeling material. I'd suggest skipping this one.
Nothing wrong with these except they are tiny. My kid wears a 4t in everything else, but these barely cover her belly button.
Color faded in the sun after one wear.
Dickies, Levi, Wrangler, just not built for curvy guys!
When I received the dress there were multiple staples left in the dress.... very strange. The dress is cheaply made but to be expected for $70. Haven't decided if I'll keep it or not yet.
Not as described. This was listed as a cotton poly blend. It is definitely acrylic. I had hoped to use it for summer evenings but this would be much too hot. It also generates so much static that every last piece of fuzz sticks to it. Would not have ordered had I known the fiber content.
The fit and fabric are excellent, the inseam is shorter than expected, I was extremely disappointed to see it develops a broken seam during first wear!
Very thin. I bought these for gymnastics class but didn't feel comfortable putting them on my daughter as they are a bit see through, her panties show through the material . She can only use them now as under shorts for dresses and skirts.
I have not worn a bathing suit in about ten years. It's very flattering but it didn't take long for one of the strap holders to rip and not keep the strap on. I would order again just because of how flattering it is though!
This does the job as far as tightening you up. The problem is the thing part. It's too thick making it uncomfortable and impossible to wear for more than an hour
I was very happy that the delivery was way earlier than expected. However, when I open the package the smell of those leggings was so toxic that I wouldn't even try them on. So I don't know how to write the product other than Amazon's delivery was awesome
I'm not sure if I'm using this incorrectly but it did not do much at all. It barely pulled the back down and then leaves a tight mark on your stomach when the clothes are fitted. I had to purchase a different type of bra as I don't see that I'll be getting much use from this.
Way larger than expected
Fit well but falling apart already. Not great quality.
Looks like costume jewelry.
I do volunteer (grunt) work in a park and was looking for a pair of gloves that would keep my hands dry and warm. Wore them for the first time this past Thursday during considerable rain. After a while, my hands became wet and cold (even though it was not especially cold). So I don't think they work as advertised.
This color is not mint, it is neon green! Didn't even bother giving as Christmas gift because of this.
I have big thighs and they barley fit normally a size 10 got large.
Bad quality, my husband doesn't like it, he said seems fake t shirt!
The dress is very pretty (although a bit on the thin side). One side of the sleeve was not sewn properly as pictured. Only a serger was used on it. It also runs a little large.
I bought these, admittedly last minute, for my Halloween costume. Shipping was great, they came when promised. But the entire top of the leggings is see through. I even put on black boy shorts to try to help, but my goods were on display and there was no hiding it. So I ended up not wearing them and haven't picked them up from the floor where I threw them in frustration. Not worth the money and pissed I wasted it.
Cute dress, but the fabric is cheap, thin and see-thru. Also doesn't look like it would hold up well after washing. RETURNING!
Super cute idea, but the slip under the skirt portion is really short! Would feel more secure if it was a romper (shorts) under the cute outer skirt. The top is way to loose, just sits awkwardly.
Bad quality. Buy something more expensive. Couldn't wear it after 5th wash.
The quality is not as good as it seems in the picture. Threads were coming out from all over.
Nice skirt but runs very small. Very frustrating when the sizes are completely off
The color is bright & vibrant. The quality is very poor & threading is already coming out. I haven't even worn it yet.
I purchased 2 of the same dress, same size and this one was way to small... the other had plenty of room.
Not only a bit smallish but they are "slick" inside, they have to grip on your feet and if walking they start sliding down inside your shoes. If walking with no shoes good luck keeping them on at all.
I put all my credit cards in but it wouldn't close easily when I did that. So I sent it back. I am afraid the zipper would break over time. Probably need to fill it completely up with cards, but what's the fun in that?
Gorgeous but runs much smaller than others I have purchased recently from The exact same place so will have to gift to my daughter who has smaller feet
Good material, but the material under both arms sticks out.
The hat was shipped in a box that was way too flat and smashed the hat. The top is out of shap as well as the ribbon.
This belt is not Leather in anyway.
Doesn't work but I am not surprised. Maybe it's revenge for the trade war. It's like the old saying, if it sounds too good to be true, it's probably made in China
im 5'6 160 lbs normally wear 10 in pants and medium tops. i got the XXL as other users said it would fit good but the sleeves were too long and it was too long on me too. i might order the XL to see but this did NOT look like how it looks on the girl with no head in the picture. also im not a huge fan of the material its like not warm at all. a cool material so if you like that then you would like this. returned the item.
I was not impressed with this purchase. It did not look good on me at all.
The size is nice. I ordered the coffee colored one. It looks nothing like the picture. I've never seen a coffee color that ugly. So disappointed.
Not true to size, too small in bust area and hips.
Sizing is off. And it should of specified what size the g's Are
Fits good and the material is soft; however, you can see right through them. Unable to wear as expected
So weird. Came in a block that was vacuum sealed. Fit is not at all like the picture.
See thru, runs about 2 to 4 sizes too small.
I wouldn't recommend buying this one unless you have skinny legs and hips
Bib of visor is awkward. The attachment could be better. I bought 2. One had draw string and the other snaps.
Cute, but smells incredibly awful and I've hand washed it 4 times. I can't even wear this because of the smell.
Although I like the weight of the fabric, the dress is not what I expected and it is not very figure flattering.
Ok, I liked that you could see all your cards in one place. however, there are two zippered pockets on the top and the zippers are constantly getting stuck. It's irritating, to say the least and making the wallet more of a hassle than a help. edit: I see one of the top posts talks about how her zipper broke. I can see that easily happening as there are times I cannot get it closed without a long struggle.
Get one size bigger if not two sizes bigger. Nice quality. But they are not true to size.
I bought two of these. One for my daughter, with long straight hair, and one for me, thin mid length hair. She likes hers, but we both find them too large. I would like to return mine, as I've ordered another smaller version. However, it's not a returnable item.
See through- the thin material
cute but looked nothing like the picture
You know that when you read that material is hand wash only for a workout apparel it's going to be a disaster. Pants started splitting at seams after the first time I wore them to the gym. Garbage quality.
I was truly impressed with these at first. They were comfortable. Fit fairly well, I have to use the expanders that came with them to get the best fit. The straps do not dig in the shoulders or back. I get nervous purchasing clothing online due to sizing and return options. What I am not impressed with- they had small plastic boning in where one could expect an underwire, well these little pieces all came out after about two washes on delicates. The clasps in the back refuse to stay buttoned. I thought it could have been just one defective clasp or bra but it happens to all of them- with and without expanders. They are extremely hot! I do not have this problem with any other bras I wear but I have sweated through these almost each time I wear them. Also the decorative lace on the cups is not sewn down all the way across. It is constantly flipped on my bras thus leaving strange lines through the tops I wear. It's not as noticeable with t-shirts or scrub tops but still annoying.
It took forever to get this product. Its not great quality fabric kind of rough for a baby.
The sequins is very itchy. Some seams were starting to pull apart. Wanted so much to love it!
The purse feels nice BUT it is inferior. The strap already detected. Haven't had it a week yet!
way to tight l/xl ok if you could get em on
Size runs smaller than normal
Very poor quality and the sizing for the shirt and pants seemed inconsistent.
After reading reviews I chose a size -- took a couple times to get it right. Its ok - I like it because it is longer but it has a rubber smell and makes everything else smell like it too. It also rubbed off on my clothes causing them to be stained - by the time I was able to give it a real chance it was past return otherwise I would have sent it back.
The socks are nice and colorful but holes come easy after one wear.
Bought as a gag guft
I ordered a large and thought it would be too big, and it could not fit. Gave it to my daughter and she had a tought time getting it buttoned.
poor quality. bought another brand that was much, much better
They fit but i was sent 2 left spats instead of one left and one right. I'll make due but it's too late to return and wet the correct ones back.
I am a dress size 18, I usually wear an XL in most clothing. The first thing I noticed about this thing as it was made in China on the tag. Chinese clothing usually fits smaller than normal clothing in the US. It was difficult to zip up. I'll say it was a struggle once I got it on ,because I have to tell you, I was determined. The sleeves are really tight, the kind of tight where it feels like somebody is gripping your arm too tightly, or you're taking a blood pressure test. I really wanted to love this thing. I've had my eye on it for actually a couple years now. The material is beautiful, I just wish it would have been beautiful on me
This robe is comfortable and cute, but the white fleece is more of a white/pink fleece. It looks like it's been washed with a lot of other red robes in HOT WATER. I would not recommend this robe to anyone who wants a crisp white or beige colored fleece collar. I'll upload a picture when I get home...
I ordered a Medium and was shipped a large. Otherwise very pretty
Unworn. Too big. Need same in size 36
Made of very cheap material. Not as it look in photo. Would no recommend.
The suit fit well but it is more of an orange color.
I've had these leggings a little move a month and they already have holes! Its a shame because they are the perfect fit
Tight! Took me at least 5 mins to try and get it on and 2 seconds to get off. I didn't really see where it hugged much but the jiggle was no longer there. I can honestly say I feel like I looked like an egg. Not really a slimmer but more of a ill hold you in place for the day thing. I went one size bigger than I normally wear and still small. Not sure to wash it and see where that goes or return it.
did not like the feel or look of the fabric,and it seemed small for sizing
The Box is the nicest part !!
It was so tight on me that I could not even wear it. It was a waste of money. I should have returned it. Buy a size up. Overall, too tight but it looks just like in the photo.
This was part of my nieces Christmas gift! She loved it, but day 2 the wand had already broken!
was not the material expected but length is good esp to cover your bum with leggings
Really high wasted, fits bigger then expected.
too small and the fabric is not stretching.
I have size 10 1/2 feet. I felt that these socks were just a little bit too small. After several times wearing these socks I decided to give them to my son who is ten years old. I bit big for him, but they are not working for me.
The sleep blanket seemed plenty big enough at first but after one wash it shrunk several inches. Now it barely fits my small 1 year old. The zipper starts at the top and has to be connected each time. It also comes apart easily, including during the night. This is a safety concern. I definitely wouldn't recommend this blanket.
I usually take an extra large. These leggings fit but they are really tight around the waist. I never had a problem with any of the other brands--won't be ordering from Lush Moda again
The money clip is nice and came on time. It was smaller than expected and also the wrong bat symbol. It is completely different to the picture and not what I ordered. The magnets are strong and it seems to be made of a durable material. I am unhappy that I got this bat symbol instead of the one pictured.
Brilliant idea. Unfortunately they don't think there's a market for large men. Would love to see this in extended sizes.
Ran a little bug which is okay. Nice costume for price. I'm disappointed because while trying it on the zipper broke immediately
I really like the fit in general but it is like a foot too long for me... you must need to be 6 ft tall to wear this...
It fit true to size. The back of the dress a Is a little too long. I bought this for an outdoor renaissance faire and it was WAY TOO HOT. Beware too hot for spring or summer.
The fabric on this is very hot, not very comfortable and it was way too big
Open toe design seems good but unfortunately not comfortable. Came with a run in pantyhose already .
It doesn't look like a high quality material. Return back
To stay wArm sweater.
Absolutely Giant. Order in the next size down. Or dont order this at all...
Worked perfect 1st time I wore them, after 1 or 2 washes, they act like normal socks.
I bought these for my 7 month old daughter who is in the 40th percentile for height and weight. Pro: The length is great and has some room to grow. These have non slip grips on the feet. Con: The legs are so slim that when zipping them up I have to be careful I don't get her skin. The inner flap of fabric along the zipper constantly gets caught in the zipper. It is a horrible fight (with a squirmy baby) to get these zipped and unzipped.
I bought this to hang my tools on for work. My shorts already fit me so I don't necessarily need a belt, however I don't see this being very effective in actually holding your pants up. Also, don't use it as a tool belt. It's a bungee like material and it'll stretch all the down and take your pants with it. It is great for when you have to use the restroom quickly!
Nice socks but too tight. Don't recommend for anyone with a foot larger than a size 7
It fits as expected but did not come with the tie to go around. The waist.
Its not a mens sock, when we received it said woman socks
I'm conflicted a bit with this review. The bra stayed up all night even while dancing. It was the perfect size and felt comfortable. However when I took it off it hurt and left intense red marks all around me. The next morning I looked in the mirror and saw a row of blisters where part of the silicone on the bra was. See pictures. So two stars for staying up but not worth the after pain.
These will be returned. I bought an XL based on the size charts and reviews. I understand they are not meant to have much support, but they were way too loose. I am a 36D and they did me no favors. Also the cup liners felt too small and showed through my shirts.
Loved the colors on this scarf but like most experienced a lot of shedding
Smaller then they say
Dress did not fit , ruffles were to high
Doesn't come in the colors shown. I got a pair in gray and olive green. Weird? Got a whole in one of the pairs after the second washing. They are comfortable and true to size but cheaply made.
Was disappointed with this shirt. It was very heavy spandex type fabric that is a fitted size. Not the loose flowy style in the picture.
The socks shed and leave black pieces
I ordered this shirt in an XL. The fit is good, but some of the stitching in the shirt looked as if it wasn't finished around the sleeves. The shirt also shows a little more bust than I wanted. I do not recommend this shirt for a curvy/busty girl.. it shows everything. The material is also thinner than expected. The buttons are hard to clasp as well.
Missing bottoms, returned. Tried on the top but it seems as though it would pull/lift up easily in water, maybe bc it was too big? There were no bottoms. Purchased xl - should've gone w a large, I think. 5'6, 160lbs.
It looked good on the website but was not what I expected. Shipping was too much.
Itchy. Had to wash a a few times.
The size was good. The cut was bad, the shirt rode up on my neck and felt like it was chocking me, also the cotton was very rough so you don't get that warm cozy sleep feeling
Not quite as depicted. Falls far below the knees
It didn't do anything but hide lines in my clothes.
This robe tends to run small. Also the thread around the button holes unraveled . This robe is made of very thin fabric. I am disappointed in this purchase.
Super cute dress, just wish it came in a size smaller than 2T as that was way too big on my girl!
For some reason this headband doesnt fit. I have a small/medium head and it fits funny. Very large and too loose. If it had an elastic band it would fit way better! I dont even wear it :( two stars because the idea and concept is great for a pony tail, but the beanie part needs some work.
The strap absolutely fell off.
Ugh. I really wanted to love this! The length is in between a tunic top and a dress. I'm only 5'1" and it's mid thigh! That's way too short for my preference. If I lift my arms....you get the point. It doesn't look anything like the ones pictured here, so I'm confused on that. Other than the length it fits okay. I'm usually a 6/8 and got a medium. For the price, the quality is just okay. It will probably shrink to a flowy shirt and I can see the lace falling apart after washing, although I hope it doesn't. I'd rather spend the price of this on a dress elsewhere.
This dirndl looked very pretty online but when I tried the medium on it fit way more like an XL! I'm petite athletic size 4 and I drowned in this dress. I went with a medium in the same brand, different style and it fit perfectly. Who knows?!
Looks as expected. Runs small
Ok I got my shirt and it's not loose and it was like a spandex Shirt. Not happy with it all will return it for sure.
I ordered medium for my elderly Mom. She likes things a bit large for comfort, BUT this size "medium" is more like an XL or larger. I don't believe I've ever seen such a discrepancy in sizes. I like the dress for my Mom, and she liked it too, but I'm not going to order another, because I'm afraid the small will still be much too large and I certainly don't want to pay for shipping again. Actually, since it's the company's fault by marking it as medium, and it's no way in shape or form a medium, they should have paid for shipping it back to them.
They came pretty smashed, not sure how I am going to make then look cute again.
Worked once for about 3 hours, then started to peel off. I washed exactly as you're supposed to (I've had other stick on bras that I've washed and reused many times) and it wouldnt stick well enough to use again.
I am a bit larger on top than on bottom, but usually I am still able to buy 2 piece swimsuits without a problem. However with this suit, the bottoms fit great (Love them, kept the suit just to keep the bottoms) But it was like the person who designed the top had never seen someone with breasts before. Even if they were smaller, there is no where for them to go, which was really disheartening as I was really excited about the suit.
Weirdly snug in all the wrong places
Just can't like it- giving it to Goodwill. Pockets are just too awkward for what I use it for. Seems well made, but doesn't cut it for me for travel.
Did not like mayerial or fit.
It is ill fitting and very poor quality.
Pros: Love the print Cons: The material feels like the material used to make Halloween costumes, very cheap. The sleeves are also very short, barely comes to my wrist with my arms at my sides. Will be returning this, disappointed in the lack of quality.
it does not seem like the fabric like the picture
I really liked the style of this romper but it was too small even bought as a large. I'm 5'8 and 135 lbs so being a tall girl most things like this don't fit as a medium but even a large wasn't long enough torso or leg length
It would be something you'd wear more for a costume or Halloween not for everyday
Collar frayed after first wash.
While the shirt itself is nice, it is made much too narrow in the shoulders so it cannot be worn comfortably. Also, it came crammed into a small bag, all wadded up in a ball and inside out! Looks like someone tried it on, shoved it back into a bag and returned it. Not very pleased with this purchase!
The material is very cheap and doesn't feel good. It came with a hole in it. The neckline is nice and flattering, however if you are 5'7 or taller this shirt will not fit you like it does the model.
As a 6' guy u rarely have an issue where pants are too long that don't have a length size. My other joggers sit nicely but there are pretty long and ruin the look. The material is pretty odd too. Tried going a size down but had the same issue. The back pocket is also super small as well. Not a fan
For 20 bucks I'd expect some kind of structure or chest support. This is not good. It is true to size but nothing else going for it. Sheer and no support, basically a slip. If I wanted a cheap nightgown I would buy a less expensive one.
I like the amount of openings but the one in the middle is slightly longer than the others so it looks weird and seems more like a loose flap
wasted money on all the CC . real tight the ones i bought "3" last year were great, i order multiples of everything i really like just in case they are out and just through something in in to fill the order, when i'm disgusted i just give it to anyone that stops by!
Would be a cute hat of it was packaged properly
I ordered an 2xl and it was not true to size
Jacket is made from cheap material - it won't sustain prolonged use. Photos of the product are misleading.
The deep v neck did not fit well, I felt like it needed a snap or small zipper to keep him from being exposed, and to keep it from falling off a shoulder
I washed the shirt. Dried on low heat and it was very small after washing. My Grandson loved this shirt so I reordered a extra large. I would increase size when ordering.
It looked better in the picture, I loved the shirt but the shorts looked cheep and was way to big I tried to figure out how to return it but I couldn't so I guess in about 2 years she can wear it
Nice leather not much fur. And way too small. Go up a size or two.
I saw one woman who said she was 5'1" say these were nearly perfect, so I thought these would work but they're seriously long. I'm 5'4" and wear size 12 pants so I got the XL. Comfy, warmish but no more than normal leggings. But I have to roll up like 4 inches at least of material to keep from having clump lines all down my legs. Edit after 2 washes: I took off 2 stars because the pilling is awful.
Cheep fabric very thin
This came quick. Price was great. It's the only tooth brush I use for my autistic son
Ordered a C cup, bra was awkward and cheap and the size of the inserts were small for what I wanted
Neckline to chest was very short Arm fit tight Do not like material
Bigger than expected
band has already stretched out of shape after a couple of wears.
It was advertised as cotton but was not, sure it was rayon. Also ran small and very see through
Pants fit fine, but back pockets are down on the back of my legs, useless where they are.
again... the metal is an awful fake looking rose gold. why not SILVER tone!!
Does not look like a high quality product. It is ok. I would not suggest that my husband but it again.
Not the color as shown and difficult to open.
Nice fuzzy fabric, but because they don't stretch well they are hard to get on and uncomfortable around your calf. This one is a no for me... sorry!
Shirt was nice, but after the second wash, it shrunk down way too much, and i cant stretch it back out.
I'm 5'4 and the are way too long like seriously had to pull the up to my chest to get them to got like capris if your real they feel good and would be great for you not so much for my size
I ordered the apricot colored sweater but got the gray one instead but it still fits great. Just order a size up for a good fit.
The top was not what I expected. It was hard trying to figure out how to put it on.
I didn't like the fabric and it was too thin
Broke the first time I wore it. It is pretty so that is why it gets 2 stars.
My daughter needed this for a scarecrow costume, however it barely fit, it was really tight around the thighs. She wore it once and she was very uncomfortable. This only fits if you buy the next size up or if you are skinny. I liked the look of it though, well made and very cute, just runs small. Buy next size up or be very thin.
I bought this style dress in about 6 different colors and I love it! It's light comfortable and you can dress it up or dress it down for any occasions. The reason for 2 stars is because when I received my dresses they smelled horrible of cigarette smoke! I had to wash the dresses 3 times to get the smell out of my dresses. I love the product but they need to double check their items they ship out to their customers!
Bought a large according to the size chart and it was outrageously large, especially on the top. Returned and got a medium which was still too large on top. The bottoms fit right I guess if you want your whole butt to hang out. Would be nice if you could pick sizes for the top and bottom separately. Ended up returning for good.
Too stretchy-no support at all.
I don't like the way it fits also longer than I thought
Quality of the tshirt is very poor. I have bought Southern attitude Tshirts in the past, this one almost seems like a "knock off" version of the brand. Disappointed in the graphics as well.
Doesn't fit well on my head
The waist didn't stay up
Not good quality. The toes are too big. I wouldn't purchase again.
Wouldn't wear them in public
I wouldn't order again
These did not fit like the photo shows. They're very wide at the calf. I would have preferred a fit like the photo. They're super comfortable but almost too comfortable if that makes sense. Felt more like pj's than yoga crop pants. Funky fit.
Great wallet although the zipper pull tab broke off within a month of use. Would not buy again. Wallet kinda sucks without the pull tab. It's not complete.
They are comfortable bras, however the seams on the two bras I purchased came apart in the exact same spots. Not very pleased.
Runs tight and extremely small got it as a gift for my sister and it didn't fit!
Not to impress I was looking for boxer briefs long leg and this come up and I got it it was a little snug. After a few time using this product Started to leave a black lint on my legs not to happy about this product
Did not fit like the photo. Front of the top was short & did not come down to upper thigh as pictured on the model.
I'm 5'3 and ordered a medium according to their size chart and it was huge
Pattern was off, but they are sending new one for free
These have a smaller fit than I expect from Hanes. Have been buying similar models for more than a decade. The waist band on these feels very cheap. It's shiny and scratchy and smaller than before. Every year they seem to tweak one word in the description and make some part of them slightly cheaper. I want the same thing, it's underwear. I don't want innovation I want the same thing. If you need to charge more, than charge more. Quit changing the design and making it seem like it's just cosmetic.
Very strange... I thought these would be normal boxer briefs but I feel like they are little see thru shorts made for strippers
Beautiful sweater, light weight but warm for cool summer nights. But it came with a small hole in the lace area! Too much trouble to return it!
I had hopes but alas the DD girls proved to large for this to work. I feel like smaller sizes would LOVE this product though. I may order the size bigger.
Rolls down, doesn't stay in place
Was for a Halloween event in New Orleans but not at all acceptable
I am 5'11” and this dress was too short. The material was thin and see-thru. I guess I wasn't too surprised with such a low price, but I returned it.
These shirts shrank way too much. (Two sizes perhaps).
The shirt pictured is a v-neck, however I got sent a regular crew neck tee.
When I took it out of the packaging, feathers went everywhere. I took it outside and started shaking it to get all the loose feather off and the ground was full of black feathers so I stopped.
I'm returning. Too many slots for credit cards not enough space to hold my boarding passes. Al though I could easily hold 2 passports in each of the zipper parts. It's just not what I needed.
fits small and short
It was a little tight. No as A-Lined as I thought that it would be. I kept it for local wear.
This shirt is a magnet for random threads, pet hair.
I liked that is it long but I didnt expect it to be so bubbly and looks like I have saddle sacks on each side
While the product looked of good quality the sizing recommendations were way off by at least 4”. Had to return it. Sizing should be based on the distance from buckle end to the third hole from the end.
Material was very light....
This did not hold my daughters prom dress , the rings would bend and lose shape , shipping was fast .
This sweater fit nicely everywhere but the arms/sleeves. Had to return because the sleeves are too tight. I don't think reordering a larger size is an option, as the rest of the sweater fit perfectly.
Time it took to deliver.
Thin cheap material. The straps are thicker than normal tanks this style. They wear out quickly.
These shrink like crazy! Buy up about two sizes.
Fit on leg is perfect, but foot box is extremely large. Even after washing.
Ordered for my son. They were too skinny he barely could pull the up
Ordered an XL just to be sure and this XL fits more like a MEDIUM. And seems really cheap made. Super disappointed in this purchase.
I bought this because everyone was raving they are like lululemons. I did not like how these looked on me at all. They don't hold you in like lulu or Fabletics leggings. I felt like it gave me camel toe which is a problem I've never had before.
These gloves are well made and have a soft, comfortable interior, but I ordered 2 different styles / sizes - one for me and one for my daughter - and the fingers are WAY TOO LONG for both of us. My hands are kind of small, but my daughter has long fingers and these gloves are too long for her as well.
I spilled a few drops of moisturizer down the front of the shirt and when I wiped it off, the design rubbed off into the towel which made the shirt look weird as it was missing part of the top of the design. More of an athletic fabric than T-shirt material.
Not knee high as shown. Too small
Oversized and cheap quality but super cute
These were very small, covered only have of me. Also two of the four had holes in the tip. Save your money and look elsewhere.
Blurry printing, not as nice as it looks in picture
LOL although pictured as a tunic/ dress, it's an absolute shirt. I'm tall, but there's no reason anyone should be able to see my lady parts in this outfit. Returned immediately.
Plastic is sturdy but feather came off immediately and leather on handle unwrapped.
I have bout the barco one items before and this feels like a different material, is thinner, and fits different than the barco one I already have at home. I'm returning this. I'm not sure if Barco changes their product or what
This dress is beyond short- I am 5'4" 150lbs I purchased a large even though I typically wear a medium. It barely covers my rear end. Also the fringe doesn't hang longer on the sides as shown. I would only recommend this dress if you are super tiny
Don't know what receiver did with shorts. So not able to return product for refund. I think he's trying to fit it as an incentive to lose weight. lol
Does not fit well. Too tight at the waist to get on and off
Returning these unfortunately. I'm disappointed especially after scouring the reviews. First; they run VERY small. I ordered an XL and they fit like a M. I ordered the black and white pair with the 2 stripes on the calf and all the places with the white and stitching have ZERO stretch, that includes both the calf stripes and the waist. I will say tho that if they did fit I could totally wear these to yoga. They really aren't all that see through. If you go commando, they'd be fine for sure.
Dimensions are weird Does not fit well Seam lines are all off Not worth the money or any money.
Looking at the photos posted (making the mask look almost like a pseudo motorcycle helmet, I assumed this covered nearly the entire back of the head. It doesn't. Nearly the entirety of the back of the wearer's head is exposed. One another matter...the size. I don't know who has a head the size of this mask. Maybe a jacked-up professional wrestler. It's loose; the sides don't adhere to the sides of my face...and there's no way of tightening it. I bought the mask for a video shoot...so perhaps it will fit the model better than me. But my first impression...due to the lack of back of head coverage is massive disappointment.
I would highly suggest a corset type of belly wrap instead. This doesn't evenly tighten you up. Corset does !!
Very cheap material. Better bra options are out there don't wast ur money on these
I had to return it. the black sports bra was an inch larger than the grey one.The sizing was not the same and it did not feel supportive.
just not a cute sweater, fits on the large size. would not buy again.
Too small on the breast area. I think it has something to do with the slanted stitching on the shirt.
I wear an XL for loose draping shirts over med-lg second layer shirts. This one, ordered in XL, fits as a medium. Not the look I wanted at all.
I love how comfortable it is what I dislike is that it is see through
Not what I expected. Too stretchy. It doesn't cinch your mid section in nearly enough.
THe color rubbed off the knees almost immediately
Had to return XXLarge because it runs small
Good quality faja & great for post op. Much cheaper to buy on amazon vs any stores HOWEVER, sizing is crucial. I ordered small since I normally am a small in everything, however I didn't realize how swollen I was going to be after bbl. there was no way possible this was going on. Had to buy another one from the same brand (in store) for $105 & a size XL!!!! Swelling has gone down significantly & I'm wearing a large now. (I'm 5'6 & weigh 145 lbs )
Hat size was very small! Not worth the money
Scratchy. I don't like them
About two sizes less than actual size.
I ordered an XL I am 5'9" a size 14 and can always wear an XL no problem. This dress fit my size 10 daughter in law.
Waste of money, I should haven't gotten a size up.
They don't slip into my shoe but they cut into my foot!
its short and very short sleeve
Cute print and was decent the first wear, but after the first wash (hand wash and hung dry) it shrunk, wrinkled, and strings coming off. I am 3 days past my return window so bummed.
the item looked amazing however after about an hour of wearing the neck piece snapped and i could no longer wear.
Hopefully wherever you plan on wearing this is WARM!! The material is super thin & it fits nothing like the picture. This is NOT a flattering dress OR blouse.
I should have gone for the regular leather looking one. This shiny one even feels cheap. Like as tho I bought it at the dollar tree somewhere.I Do like the design , not the color.
The top isn't the same color as the leaves on the bottoms. This style was so so for me. 26 waist, 34d. 5'8
Very nice but big I gave these to my daughter
Color I selected was khaki and the actual color was dark brown; also the large fits a lot smaller than measurements provided; the material was good but that's about all I can say that was good
Not consistent. Ordered 2 pairs and one is much looser than the other.
it was hard for it to stay on the kid's head
Soft and not binding. However, after a couple of wears some of the socks lost elasticity in the ankle causing them to slip down to my heel. I had to throw a few pairs out after a couple of wears. A set had one sock that was 4 sizes too small almost child sized. Won't not recommend.
The glue for these eyelashes was horrible, and almost impossible to keep the eyelashes adhered to my eyelids. The lashes are also glued themselves into the container they come in, and when I tried to pull one out, two of the lash strands broke. Cheap quality, hard to get on, and the glue doesn't work.
the description says woman's but the snap button closes the opposite direction. So this seems like a men's jacket.
Dry clean only. Each order is shipped from a different manufacturer so you never know if you're going to get the one that fits right or the one if it's way too small.
These gloves are really warm and I loved how they looked at first! I had to cut threads off of them and then they were okay for one or two wears. This is a photo of the gloves when I took them out of the package. Threads everywhere! They also do NOT work with my iPhone. So the “touch screen” thing should not be included in the title. The third time I wore them the fuzzy balls fell off of them so now they're just plain black gloves with a touch of fur. Pretty disappointed. But they still keep my hands warm 😑 so I'll use them.
This bra does not play around. I was able to fasten it but couldn't breathe. Width couldve been a bit better. Normally wear a 36c but sizing was too small. Would recommend going up. Material seemed sturdy and it definitely compressed the ladies.
The R is a very dark maroon. Looks nothing like the picture or ther anime which is pretty important.
Not good quality and fit small
They came with only three unique fabrics so we got two pair of two of the patterns. The image clearly shows five patterns. We bought them based on the image. They appeared to be ordered in the package so that it was harder to tell there were only three unique patterns instead of five.
SIZE UP and DO NOT put these in the dryer. I wear a size 7-8 and bought the size 8. When I took them out of the dryer they practically shrunk to a baby sized sock! So disappointed.
I got a wrong item and I returned but they returned item back to me because this shop change address and no package receiver. Be careful!!!!
Got them and wore them the first time and the elastic in them are already ripping apart!! Very cute but not happy with how cheap they are made!! Should see about returning them!
Top was to small shorts was to large no in between
The shirt is a faded black and the tie-not at the front of the shirt and sleeves show the even paler underside. Looks cheap and not as crisp like on the picture. ☹️ Returning it.
Cheap and flimsy broke very easily. And they had a horrible glare. No quality in them.
I normally wear XL but these fit more like medium. I couldn't even get them over my thighs
I think the suitcase and backpack are very cute however, it's been a little over a month since it was as bought and the suitcase lining inside already has a ripe in it. Not happy about that. We have used the suitcase 2 times only.
Reason why I'm giving 3 stars is because the hats are a bit uncomfortable since the bow is a bit bulky in the inner part... but they look cute overall and keep her warm. Also the sewing seems like it's a bit defective but we will see how long they hold.
A size smaller than normal. Poorly sown. Seams rip easily. The left leg is significantly smaller than the right.
I bought the black ones, the stars are a bit more faded that the ones on the picture. They are ok.
Not as long as shown on picture
waist too tight - sent for exchange, and all is not good.
I am on a quest for over the calf socks, am on third brand. These did not stay up all day.
I liked the feel of the material, but was a little tight.
I had to take in the arms and bodice. My girls are average 5-7 year olds. And they both were to big.other then that there very beautiful the sheer is a tanish color. One of my girls is lighter then the other n you can see the difference.
The top is a bit too cropped for me, but I love the skirt! Not a big fan of showing alot of my stomach. I'm going to switch it up on the top part.
These fit fine and are OK to wear as slipper sox. Too thin for use with Pilates equipment. The reformer was particularly uncomfortable. I had purchased these specifically for Pilates, so I am disappointed. I will still make use of them for other purposes.
Loved the material of this suit, the bottoms fit perfect, unfortunately the top has a side boob issue, feeling like if I moved just right I would pop right out on the side without a strap.
I'm too fat!! But this dress is cut very nicely. If I were a few pounds lighter, it would be great. So summer look out here I come!! (Diet first)!
Would be better if they were a bit larger. My collars are still somewhat tight.
Coat seemed nice but I think the brand does not use US sizing because it was about 2 sizes too small for what should have fit me. I even went a size up than normal to account for wearing layers under it. I had to return it.
Warm but not as warm as expected in 22 degree weather out riding atv's. Better than a regular sock though.
Somewhat short in length
I'm 5'5 about 175 lbs and I ordered a large just to be on the safe side but it was a bit big. Will gift this to a friend that will look amazing in it. Overall, pretty dress just a bit hard to guess the right size.
I like the design, color, and size options. They didn't slip, but the whole time I wore them I kept thinking they were drooping. They are worth a shot, but I don't think I would buy again.
So I usually wear a 12/14 in pants. I recently found out I'm expecting, so I went with the 2xl, thinking they would be big and roomy. Well, I'm glad I got the 2xl because they are tight! Not at all the fit I was hoping for to get me through the hot Georgia summer. The quality is ok, nothing special. In my opinion, they are over priced for the product you receive.
It was tight fitting but manageable for someone with medium to slender arms. It completed my Supergirl costume and I received many compliments. The colors are exactly how they're pictured with the logo and all.
Took a long time to arrive. Medium was a little baggy
I do enjoy them but they are some what loose fitting
Did the job, but very cheap and left blue fuzzies everywhere
I've had these for just under 3 months. I loved them at first, and I still appreciate the comfort and convenience they bring to my day. However, they quickly become gross. My nipple hairs, lint, and skin stick to the adhesive. They now have a slight odor after wearing them during sweaty summer days. You can rinse then off with soap and water gently, but you can't really rub them because the adhesive begins to peel away. These are pretty great for short term use, but over the long term there must be a more durable and affordable solution.
This is my second one the 1st one zipper broke so I decided to try again. Hope this one lasts longer.
Got it for daughter. She wanted the black leather storm trooper one so this mine now. Thick, stiff but sturdy. Gotten several compliments.
These pants are very nice,good fit and length. The material is good quality.They washed well and no ironing. All this is fine. However, why don't you do something about that dreadful non-snapping snap?? Several reviewers have mentioned that the snap is terrible, especially on such nice pants. We snapped the snap shut (not easy) and my husband simply uses the elastic waist to pull the pants up and down. Very inconvenient, but works! Fix that snap and I'll but another pair for my husband.
This shirt fit fine & was ok quality, but the color of the sleeves was not at all what I expected. It was more orange & burgundy than black & red. I returned it.
Fits well, but doesn't warm up enough.
Shorter than expected. Kind of difficult to put on and lace up. The jewels were coming off, upside down and neither of the gloves looked like the other. I will need to spend some time fixing and sprucing these up.
Very soft and fit according to size chart provided, but... I would not wear these to run or workout in at all. No compression at all which helps for blood return and muscle support, not to mention smoothing out the lumps and bumps. These would be great for lounging around in or as pjs. Oh, the other thing I'm not thrilled about is that the color (I got the royal blue) is no where near as bright or vibrant as pictured, in fact they aren't even royal blue. They're more of a regular blue with a slightly lilac hue. So there's that. 😩 But like I said, if you're looking for lounging leggings, these fit the bill. But for actual exercise... not so much. Next!
I bought this for my daughters 2nd birthday outfit, the stripes are blue when I figured they would be black and the two pinks (bow and tutu) do not match, the bow is much brighter than the tutu. Hopefully it will still look good.
This is very cute and the one size fit me fine. It's a little itchy where the embroidery is but the main issue is that it shrunk considerably when I washed it . I didn't even put it in the dryer and it's way too short now so I'm using it as a beach/ pool cover up which is fine I guess.. could also be a top with jeans or leggings. That's how much it shrunk up ..
Socks are of decent quality but are rather short. One pair is almost white with a very light gray pattern. Very unattractive. Nothing like the pair in the photo. I will never wear that pair of socks so I donated them to charity.
Bought the light blue pair and loved them, however the black pair was a completely different material and not stretchy at all like the others. I was very let down
As noted before by a few - this is fairly short. I think I should have gotten a medium not a small as I did. The sleeves are long - which is fine - but I actually hate the thumb holes in this I didn't know they would be there, I usually love thumb holes.
The length was right
Runs VERY small, rips easy.
This product is too big for a newborn baby.
Very comfy, fit as expected, nice size pockets and draw string. Overall ok quality after a few washes the hem on the inside leg started to fray about the same quality you would expect from walmart if you are comparing.
I thought it would fit a lot looser and flow more, but it's pretty tight. The color is pretty, and I like the design of the dress.
I like them but I usually wear a 81/2 or 9 and the 8 was large. Because they didn't fit right they slide off a lot.
No very wrinkle resistant. Really needs to be ironed every wash. They look tired after 4 or 5 washes.
Great price, good quality.
Wanted a variety pack Disappointed though that out of 8 pair of socks 4 were black and white striped. Not too much a variety there.
Beautiful but not big like it shows
Very cute, my 3 year old loves it. However it's smaller then I expected. He'll only be able to wear for 1 season instead of this fall too.
Fits more like loungewear than lingerie
They were cute but kept falling when I walked
I returned it, I don't have the same shape as the women in the picture. or I just have bad self esteem.. I didn't like it, but all the girls in the reviews looked so good! jealous.
These are awesome mittens good for hanging onto the steering wheel in just going into town and for fashion they will not keep your hands warm for a long time they are not very thick they are thin but very beautiful I bought these just to go into town and back for fashion fashion fashion...
The sizing is different than the pairs I've bought in the store. They are longer and larger.
Pretty, but poor quality. One wash and they started to break.
Ordered a Large received an extra small. Homecoming in 2 days and this is the last thing we needed 👎🏽
It's very pretty, but I gave it to my teenager because it didn't fit me. Bummer...
I hope that it lasts longer than the last shoulder bag I purchased!
Did not get the colors pictured
I purchased this sweatshirt in white a size medium. I normally wear an xsmall but based on reviews decided to order a size medium. It fit exactly like the model. My complaint is that the white looks dingy. And after washing it there was that thing that happens to some whites. It was like a slight pink purple dingy hue compared to my beautifully white Nike sweatshirts. I just decided to keep it but next time I will make sure to visit a store when purchasing this brand. By the way, I'm 5'1 and the crop fit a tiny,tiny bit longer than the model even after washing. Nice heavy material but really bummed that it's dingy.
Cute! But way too small. I bought a 9-12 month and it is the same length as Carters 6-9 except wider. Just size up especially if your child is average or larger than average size.
I've used the pants and the shirt maybe less then a dozen times. I am now having issues with them turning off, and the batteries seem to be working fine. Don't understand. A couple days later now and I can't get the pants or shift to work.
There's really nothing wrong with this dress besides the color being a little bit off. I ordered the light pink and it's more of a peach-ey orange instead of the light pink shown in the picture. The fit and quality are both okay but this is definitely a “get what you pay for” situation. I ended up returning the dress because it just wasn't a good color on me.
All of the leggings I have ever purchased have always been one size fits all/most, but these are the first ones that I've ever had trouble with. The ones I received were not very stretchy, especially in the waistband. They also had a very strong smell that lingered after the first wash. I guess they are fine for the price, but I would not buy them again.
Feels a little awkward on the shoulders.
My two month old baby did not let me put these on her
The first few times I wore this it was great- love the cups in it. After a few washes it does start to loosen and sag a little
It was too large, and it was returned.
legs fit but waist was way too big
The dark blue outfit rubs off on everything even after being washed and the material is thin. It would be good for a summer outfit but with winter coming she will need more layers. Sizing was accurate and they are cute.
Looks just like the picture. Fits nice and is well made. Only reason for lower rating is being the product absolutely reeks. I've laid it out in my home and I'm hoping that the smell goes away by my party on Saturday.
I ended up returning this because I felt the top as a little snug. I'm a size 14-16 and got an XL as suggested but the top was just a little to small. The bottoms were great! The material felt great though and the colors were bright! I hate it didn't work for me!
It does not stay on the elastic is extremely loose
I would eventually like to find just one Pork Pie hat that fits. Ordered the largest size, still didn't fit.
Good, soft rock. However already getting holes
I usually order a large but it was way to tight so I exchanged for an X-large which is still light. It's too fitted and also to long by about 4". I'm 5'6 to give you an idea. Only positive thing I have to say is its cotton and I'm hoping it stretches after a few wears and washings.
Package arrived on time but with full of wrinkles! The dress doesn't look exactly like picture.You can see the strings out of the dress.I tried with 3 hoop petticoat but still didn't suit well...After a week,I noticed on daylight that lining mesh layers were torn.Ordered for my daughter's Birthday but am returning it.Not impressed for the paid price!
Short in the sleeves but I still like it
The belts are very cute and fit great
Just ok. There are better out there.
2 of the 3 hooks came off
Item runs small. I advise who ever purchases it should buy one size up.
Probably would not purchase in the future.
These clothes are junior sizes not adult and I am 5'5 1120 lbs, too small so I will give it away. Also, PINK products have a pink tag, this was tag less so it is not genuine
I fit in a medium size underwear so I got a medium sized bathroom should have got a large or extra-large
Cool jacket but it didn't really fit me so I gave it to a friend. Very short and wide/puffy.
This bra is the softest thing I've ever felt. I'm nearly 8 months pregnant and I didn't want to take it off. However, after probably 18 hrs of wear it's all stretched out and needs a wash. Guess it's a trade off.
The material over all is really good quality! I weight about 180, 38C, and am about 5'4. I got the XXL and the body part fit good but the bra did not cover at all. I had side boob hanging out everywhere and when i would try to cover it, i had some underboob which did not look good. I feel like if you're a girl with a big chest, this lingerie won't fit you well. i'm really disappointed because it looked like a good product :(
These socks look exactly how pictures which is awesome but the 8-11 women's size is generous. I'd say they fit more of 6-9 comfortably. Kind of annoying.
This shirt was HUGE on me. I normally wear an xl, however lately when I order an xl it's too tight in the chest area. This time I ordered the xxl and it was SO huge I have to return it! It was cute at least!
I honestly think that the quality of these should be better for a Puma product. The thread pulls a lot. Will not buy again.
Good wide belt. Imported and will stretch quickly. I had to keep adding holes and trimming the end off to use.
The vest runs small.
I purchased the 2XL - I normally wear a L/XL in tops, but have a large bust, and wanted a loose fit. This was the weirdest fitting active wear top I've ever purchased! The upper arms were absolutely huge. The chest fit fine. The stomach area was skin tight (and this was supposed to be 1-2 sizes too big!). I'm going to try the men's version, as I really want some cheap long sleeve quick dry UPF tops for hiking and camping!
Color was just as the picture but it did come in too short. I would definitely say ordering a size up or 2.
I wear a medium, ordered a large -should have ordered an XL. Also its a little itchy kinda like when you touch burlap.
The legs are really long. The fabric has a lot of shine and looks a bit cheap, but my little one loves them.
Material sheds everywhere. Perhaps I should have washed it first.
At first, I was very pleased. The robe is thick, comfortable and cozy. However, I've noticed that the material is getting thin in an area toward my chest plate and shoulders after about 3-4 months. I believe the detangler spray that I use in my hair is causing the fabric to loosen and thin out.
Fit way too loose, not usable. I'm 170lbs and 5'6", I got the large and it was too big. Very disappointed
Large size is really small haven't tried it giving for a gift
Great for the price. A little small for an 8-9 year old.
Not my style. Exaggerated pear body does not do well with full slips. Too large on top.
I ordered brown but it is more of a dark purple. I do like the way if fit though
Very little support, but otherwise cute and fits well.
This dress is inconsistent. The army green, wine, and grey ones I got deserve 4.5 stars. Their fabric is super soft, and they do not collect lint. They are a good length to wear over leggings, and I love the pockets!! The black one was marked large, but it ran a full size smaller. The material is also less soft. It doesn't even feel like the same dress. Also, it collects lint terribly! I do not recommend this dress in black for cat or dog owners.
Buy at least a size down. Im an XL, hoping large actually fits. Sizing chart inaccurate...
A little small and was very light like a cheap tshirt
It's not very comfortable, it's stuck in the butt.
I ordered the extra large and the fit was like a regular large. After washing and NOT drying, the fit became like Small, which I was very sorry about, because it is well made, very nice, soft fabric, good support, but shrinks more than anything I've seen in years. I gave it three stars because the material and construction is nice and maybe a smaller person can order two sizes larger, wash it, and then have a very nice sleep bra that can even be worn casually during the day.
Good glasses. Lens kept popping out so I had to glue it in.
This pretty little wallet is too small to hold most cards and paper bills. I will have to put it in the Goodwill bag. Disappointing.
Received, waiting for the NE winter to but through the test!
Its a great outfit i really like it but i never got my whip which im a little upset about cause i paid all that money for the hole outfit and never got the whip. other wise tho the outfit was great i love it
The dress is a little big in size so order a size down. I went ahead and got a petticoat based on other reviews and it fluffed it up really well! The disappointing part is mine is missing the bow. I need to get something to tighten the waist anyways but this costume ends up being a little pricey with all the extra items you have to purchase.
It doesn't really work. Not good as expected. Won't do the trick.
Super cute but this piece was made for a short girl lol it fitted to tight on my middle area .... i have a long torso
The bands are somewhat flimsy, but they stay in place well and they feel nice. Can't ask for much more than that from underwear
I was a little disappointed with this one. A little tight. And by the picture it looked like a pleat over the polka dots. And it wasn't. Put the slip under it, and it looks great, other than shorter than it should be, and I'm only 5ft 1in. Next time I'd like to have my dancing dresses longer.
material was see through
Item is very cute and sexy it just runs small
Looks cheap. Braids not long enough.
Love these belts. Disappointed that he amazon version didn't come in the decorative leather box.
Cheap material too short at the back to large at the front
Super cute, but taking them off and trying to get it untangled is a joke. Even just pulling down to use the bathroom was very hard.
I got this in two colors, black and light blue. I absolutely LOVE the black one! Relatively good quality, fits well, super cute. The blue one however came with a bit of discoloration and some threads loose.
Cute and right size but package was ripped open when I got it.. And one pair is missing it's tag, looks like it had been cut out.
DON'T go off the suggestions. I sized up and got a medium. I usually wear s-xs the medium is too big. It also doesn't seem like it will have a lot of life. One wash and it looks a little beat up... Cute fashion bra however.
I love the cut, the fit, and the style of this tank. I was looking for something to wear to work out that would be looser on the body. This tank fits the bill. However, the fabric feels really cheap. Like it would not be breathable at all. Actually, it feels like the kind of polyester that would make me feel too hot. It's probably better as a regular wear polyester tank, but not so much for a workout tank.
A little big for newborns. But good for one year old baby's or more. Fabric is very soft.
It worked but only lasted a month before it got torn.
I am about a 33" waist and bought the medium size, and they fit really well. I find them very comfortable and they look good. One of the seven has already started to develop a small hole around a seam, after only wearing them for a day. The others haven't shown any such weakness yet but having one go downhill so fast doesn't give me hope for the rest. What's the point of a very reasonable price if they don't last more than a couple of uses? I've never had this kind of fabric before but it's very comfortable, so at least I know that for the future.
This shirt is not a marvel shirt
For the price I expect more. They ride up and they're tight at the thighs. I'm not a super curvy girl but it pinched my cupcake handles and thigh bits. Meh.
I actually changed the order to the 6X at the last minute, but you still sent me the 4x size. But they fit well enough so whatever.
I like the style but, it was not bright blue as pictured, was a dull washed out blue; ended up returning
I guess they'll be OK gym socks, but they're not much for compression.
I really love this dress. It's very hard to find a maxi dress that's actually long enough for me. Hoping the size stays the same after washing it. However, it came with a stain on the top. I planned on wearing it for family pictures and don't have time to return it and hope a new one arrives on time so I'm hoping we can hide the stain in photos.
They are NOT opaque.
I have a pair of compression socks that were $25 a piece and I can definitely tell the difference. These are quite thin but they'll do until I am back home and can get my good socks (currently on a travel assignment).
Stretch out way to easily. Will not shrink back.
They are on the small side.
pants are to short for a 6' person Fit is great but needed a 2xl T. Amazon didn't carry that size
Product flips up after a couple hours of wear
Little heart logos on the pants not visible in the preview photos look tacky in real life. Would have definitely played a role in my decision to purchase these scrubs.
Cute looking set here. When it arrived it had a strong smell, a bad one. I washed it and it still smelled. So bad it was hard to wear the gaiter. It took 3 washes before I could tolerate wearing it. Also the able on top of the beanie came off
Quality seems good, but the tops of the socks are tighter than they need to be. Not very shaped to accommodate the calves.
Obnoxiously long. I returned.
I usually wear large, but ordered XL based on the item measuring chart. It fit OK in the bust area, but a little wide in the shoulders and it then widens out dramatically below the bust. The flare would have been better suited for a skirt than for a top. If I went down two sizes for the bottom part to be better fitted, then the top part would be too tight. I wish it fit because the pattern was pretty and the fabric was soft. More of a t-shirt than dressy but not see through. Probably OK for ladies who are smaller up top.
Runs very small. I wear XL and purchased a 2XL and it still fits a little snug.
Chrome paint on clip came chipped!
The product is a very good quality and very soft. I wear 14 on average, but in these shorts the Large I purchased are just a little snug. XL might have been a little better but was concerned they would be too large.
Advertised as Slim fit but it's definitely regular cut. I'll need to have the shirt tailored.
they pant legs are a lot wider then I expected.. ok for around the house.. I recently started buying clothes on amazon I think this was the last thing.. I end up returning most of the things I buy.. I feel like I'm only keeping these because the other stuff I recently ordered is even worse.
I got the smallest size but it fit more like a medium or large. My boobs are small but not THAT small. There's a lot of negative space. Apart from that, they are cute. I just wish they didn't have the traditional back clasp, because that wasn't clear from the pics and I hate back clasping bras, especially in a sports bra......
I like the color nothing else . The bow is not as shown , it's barely hanging on . The cut is sooo puffy not fitting or smooth as shown
Cute before I washed. Followed directions on tag, but still ended up looking very worn after one wash and tighter fit.
so cute but fogs up my safety glasses.
I love the fit an the material, but the color is not as expected. I ordered the skirt in black but it came an it's a dark brown. I mean I don't mind an I'll still wear it I'm just disappointed in the color.
Nice top although it runs a little small. I won't be able to wear a shirt under it but that's ok.
the color and fit are perfect. The material does wrinkle when washed:-(
Suit fits very short and wide. Barely covers my daughters chest, but gives her a constant wedgie! Came with a bonnet type hat, but it is tiny and only fits on her baby doll's head. Disappointed it didn't fit because the suit is very cute!
I got a medium and it was way too big for me.
Plain cotton dress. I ordered this too big. An xl. I'm 5'3 153 very curvy. Wouldn't recommend.
The waist fits perfect but the length just barely makes it. When I got the paints they came through regular and that should have been mentioned on the site. I have a 34 inseam and as long as I don't hem the paints there good! Just don't look close at the bottoms. Otherwise there very nice and comfortable.
The inside white pocket is shown on the edge of the pocket on one of the pants but i can wear them by wearing the shirt untucked.
I would order a bigger size because it's a bit short but you can tie it in the front to slim the waist. I like it.
I like everything about this shirt,except the pockets. It feels nice and fits nicely, but the pockets stick out weird. I'm going to try to sew them shut, because I really do like the shirt otherwise.
It looks fantastic and is better quality than expected but it is very small. I have a small head and i can barely get it on. I had to cut off the chin strap and its alot better now but still tight.
Not quite as the picture depicts.
it's nice when a little nippy in a cold living room, or when you come in from the cold and need to get your hands warmed up a few minutes
Hat is not what it appears to be in the picture. I ordered the khaki and the picture is somewhat bright khaki , in reality it is more drab brownish in color. Also...the hat was shipped in a bubble envelope and was squished when I took it out. Picture shows a ' full bodied ' well shaped hat. Sits on my head like a squished , wrinkled , old fisherman's cap. It's okay , but don't expect what you see in the photo.
Very thin uncomfortable material. You definitely need a slip with this.
This was a gift for my son, the material was a little thinner than I thought it would be
Fits an expected, very cute. But it's Not holding up well. My daughter wore to the beach and this is what it looks like after 2 days. It's got visible Fuzzies And is fading in the front and bottom. That being said, I still give it a 3 because it's fully Functional to wear it around the house pool.
I returned to this product
The screen printed part isn't how I had expected. The NASA is white and not grey as shown. Also the Grey of the sweater is much lighter than the picture shows it being.
Good quality shirt; however I've only worn it once and the letters started to peel.
The product does not automatically turn on in the dark, a button on the side must be pushed. Not that fun.
The White looks like an old dinghy tshirt
short in the crotch area
Is a nice looking wallet, but I found someone else's personal stuff in it. Threw it away and will use the wallet anyway
Very soft material, very comfortable, but it seems to be a bit low quality. the seams near the interface of the sheer and the black show.
Fits a lil large have to wait til she's legit 3 months to wear it. They sent me the wrong romper also, I received the hot pink floral one. But it's still really cute so I didn't return it. The bow is entirely too big I'll have to cut and sew it some to make it fit on her. Overall not bad but definitely could have been better.
Fit a little tighter than I was hoping for.
The dress is pretty comfortable but the stitching is off and messy. The length looked longer in the pictures. I had to return.
I liked the style but they were way to small. I went with a 10 based off everyone elses comments and photos but I definitely needed at least a 14.
These were huge on my feet! I'm a size 7 and the extra fabric bunched up behind my heels when I put shoes on. Definitely not for people with small feet.
Fits as expected, good fabric
Too small, not long enought, i bet the model is wearing a large. Also fabric is not as expected, its a slippery polyester type fabric... not what i was looking for
Shirt seems to be of very good quality, but did shrink up after a couple washings to being too short for me, so I've ordered a couple of XL Tall in hopes that they will keep me happy.
They fit and look great when you first put them on. Sit down once and they stretch out and you have baggy butt all day long.
Unpleasent fabric, not true to size, looks much worse then on photo
These are suppose to be satin, and they probably are they just dont feel like satin.
This shirt was alright. The sleeves at the top are definitely puffier in person. Had I tried it on in a store I wouldn't have bought it. It's a medium sheer and you can see the fabric lining at the top-which is kind of annoying. Had the top looked JUST like the photo I would have liked it more.
First let me start by saying that I really do like these socks. I think they are a good thickness, are comfortable, and are no slip on the heel.... But somehow I ended up with a hole on the top of one of the socks on the first time wearing them. It makes no sense, my shoes were soft - nothing to cause a tear, so I'm not sure what's going on. If the other two develop holes I will be returning them.... and updating my review accordingly.
runs a little bigger than it looks.
loved the fit for one day then wash and now it fits my son, won't purchase again
These are a little tight on the knees if you have a chunky calf baby, they are cute but my daughter couldn't wear them too long before she outgrew them.
The fabric is so soft however I have purchased two pairs of these and the first along with the most recent purchase revealed that yet again the stitching is not finished on the leg seam. I will stitch myself this time. I would love to purchase more but am afraid the stitching will be unfinished again.
the glasses are okay.
The material is great. Very soft but it was a little tight on my son. He was only able to wear them once.
The fit was smaller than expected, so if you want a lose fit you ha e to go 1 size up. But the fabric feels durable, worth the $.
These are nice and cheap but run big.
Cheap but shrank first wash and now looks like doll clothes lol.
Quality is poor. Way too thin. Runs very small and I ordered a size too big!!
Front coverage was good, but back held together with only two hooks. Disappointed there were not three hooks to support front from sagging. Will continue search to find a bra that supports and covers both front and back, and relieves shoulder strap pressure.
I would like this more if it wasn't so over sized. It is a beautiful color and I think it would work well with any skin tone. I still used this for the beach.
A comfortable for sleeping.
I like the design, but the size was smaller than usual.
The product gave a bigger size than what I received
Good variety of design and style. The downfall is about 75% of them were small/tight. I ordered a large, and usually wear a med/large. Many of these were too tight.
First, let me say that the bathing suit is super cute! The top is a vibrant, bright pink, and the bottoms are white with specs of the same bright pink as well as other bright colors that compliment the top. My favorite thing about this swimsuit is that the top has scallops on the bottom of it which I did not notice when ordering initially. Now, the reason for my three star rating...the cup shaped padding in the top doesn't stay in place, therefore leaving your nipples exposed if the swimsuit is wet. I am not rating the suit on support since I didn't buy it with the intention of it being supportive. I'm blessed up top and do not expect for something with zero underwire to hold me up. The straps do help keep me from falling out of the top though which was one of the reasons I picked it. The bottoms are too big for me but that's only because I have to go up in size for the top to fit, so I really cannot say anything other than they're extremely cute and look like they would be flattering since they're a high waisted fit. (Note: I would have given the swimsuit a lower rating, but I feel like that may be a little premature seeing as how I've had it for less than a week. I will drop a star in my rating if the suit doesn't hold up through the end of summer.)
My son doesn't want to return because he needs the bow tie but the suspenders broke while putting them on.
I bought a pair like this pair before and loved them. When these arrived I did not open until much later, but when i did i discovered a missing screw.
Product stretches well, but doesn't contract after stretching so it ends up looking stretched out and loose over time. Not great, not terrible
Would be a much better shirt if it was 50/50 cotton and polyester. I hate 100% cotton shirts.
cheap material but stretchy and comfortable, worn as a part of a Halloween costume.
very sexy but slit in back to long. even when I pulled dress down the slit still showed my ass
great graphics. Sad that you do not have xxl. I wear large and the xl really hugs me. I can wear it but for a tshirt I would like it a bit roomier.
Not a huge fan, the material is very soft but they just are uncomfortable. I'm a FTM , these are the 1st maternity bras purchased so I'm not sure if they all are uncomfortable or just these ones.... I hope it's just these ones!
I ordered the V-Neck and received Crew neck. Amazon did not an option to exchange. I had to return and find another deal later on. Too much hassle.
Thought it was supposed to be a hoodie
I like these socks, they are stretchy and soft and feel nice on my feet but I wish they had a little more cushion and were a little bit warmer. When it is cold I have to wear two pairs of socks because these are not that thick.
I really wanted this dress to work out. On my body type it didn't look good. Sadly I have to return it. It is a very pretty dress perfect for summer! I wish it fit me better. I am 5'3 136 pounds I ordered a Medium it was a bit big I should have ordered a small but either way my body type isn't for this style dress
These do not fit like boxer briefs they have a tendency to ride up because the trunk leg parts are too short- a bit more length and elastic would suffice here otherwise they'll end up like a thong while you're wearing them for awhile
Pretty style shirt but not the highest quality.
I like the sweatshirt but it was not as thick as I had in mind. It makes sense for the price and is still comfortable, just thin.
Did not like the quality
Fit was decent overall. Shirt colors were as expected. Material looks cheap though.
I do love it,but ran small will reorder a 2x later.
I like the material and overall fit of this nightgown. It's flowy and comfortable, but it is VERY short. I am 5'9”, so I didn't expect it to hit right above my knee like the models in the picture, but it barely covers my butt. If I stretch it and pull it down, it still hits a little higher than my mid-thigh. This would be perfect if it were just a few inches longer.
It fits, it's cute, and I will keep it. 3 stars because it is not off the shoulder or tapered at the waist like in the photo. It simply has a wide neck and is not fitted at the waist. So, if you are going to wear it off the shoulder- the print will be crooked. The neck is not stretchy, it's sewn with a hem that will rip if I were to try to stretch it out.
Fit was a little too boxy for me
Even with the tightening string it looked too big on my head. It is a decent quality, and a pretty hat, but I had to return it, b/c it just didn't look right on me. The wide brim was just too straight or flat, and for me it needed more curvature to it.
You get what you pay for. Numbers come off in the wash
much smaller than that the typical size? returned
Not a lot of compression, but it does say medium support.
This winter hat does the job by keeping my ears and head dry and warm. It is very durable and not even some of the hand made one's can stand up to this hat!
This seems to be a good product, but when it arrived both the product and packaging had an overwhelming detergent scent. It has finally gone away, but was very strange. Now that it has subsided, it is study and usable.
PJ's are ok but the size runs REALLY small. My grandson wears a 6 so I thought a size 10 would be ok, still tight on him, order a really big size if you order. But he still loves them!!
The product was advertised as 100% cotton, but when received, was a cotton/polyester blend. I ordered them purposefully to get 100% cotton because polyester is not acceptable for the intended use. I had to send the entire order back.
They really make you sweat. Definitely great coverage, and I'm glad you get two sets, but they don't stick very well when you're sweating. Not good for 100 degree weather.
The material for this dress in this particular color doesn't seem to be the same jersey knit as others that are sold here. While it's still a pretty dress and a great color, it doesn't flow or as soft as the others. A little bit stiff. But still like it. I'm 5'3” 170, purchased a L and it fits well.
Really small, fits my front pocket well. Unfortunately it's very tight causing difficulties when trying to remove a card or license. Hopefully with use and time some stretching it will loosen up. I only have been using for a week or so .
Doesn't fit wide straps very well. Very difficult to put on without help (whether you add before or after putting the bra on). I like these; but they are not really designed for wide bra straps.
These are too small. I wanted somewhat tight for assurances, but these were just too small. I even sized up - I wear a 16 on bottom but ordered xxl. The leg holes are too tight. Overnight MIGHT be okay but I cant walk in them. Disappointed.
The neck of this jumpsuit is shape really realy weird u have to keep pulling it dwn on ur shoulders....other than that this is perfect i love it
Same size as 3x. They are very soft and good quality/
This swimsuit is absolutely adorable!! I'm 5'3 and 130lb with a 34 C cup and I got a small the bottoms are cheeky so if you don't want that definitely go one size up! Top is super as well! aside from the look the color rubs off once its wet so definetly recommend washing several times before wearing it out
Shirt was too small, but the refund process was quick and easy.
Fits very nice and it very cute and lightweight. The only problem is that it came and had a few dirt stains on it. Hoping a quick was will fix the issue
It runs about one size smaller than what you would normally wear. I ordered a large, but I would like it to have been a little roomier.
Very pretty, and I was hoping this would fit well, but it did not. I have a short waist, curvey, and the sides of this corset were too high cutting into the under arm, even after carefully measuring before ordering. Shame, as it is beautiful fabric and is made well. Refund took along time.
This shirt is very comfortable, but the image is so large that all shape of you is almost lost.
These are nothing like lululemon's align pants. Way more like lululemon wonder under. They seem decent enough, especially for the price, but I was hoping for an align knock-off based on reviews. These do not have that buttery-soft texture whatsoever. I got a size small, usually wear a 6 in lulu, and a small seemed right. Any larger and I would have wanted a medium.
Nice quality, pretty and flowy. The aqua is see through so you will need a slip under it.
These leggings are OK. Not impressed. I'm on the search for a great black legging. These slide down from my waist. They are not a true black compared to other black items I have, but it might just be the fabric. They are buttery soft and a bit warm. I wear a size 10 in pants and I bought a large. Fit ok with a bit of stretch. I've worn them once and I'm already seeing a bit of fuzz. Not too bad for the price.
According to the wearer they are too big in the crotch...
I bought size medium- they don't fit at all. Wish they did tho. Soft material, no panty lines.... buy a size up!
Shorter than I expected
Great pants, quality stuff, fit is good overall is good, will consider other color if shipping cost can be lower, thanks seller, thumbs up!!
The crotch isn't a wide as in the picture and it fits a little weird but still cute!
Such a cute shirt but too small. I'm a true size medium top and would need to size up 1-2 sizes.
I have purchased about 7 or 8 pairs of these Extreme Motion jeans by Lee and I love them. The fabric is soft and stretchy … extremely comfortable from the start. Two issues I've had: 1) the back pockets are also made of the stretchy fabric and nothing in the hem to keep it from stretching open. I actually lost a wallet from it falling out of my back pocket while sitting on a picnic bench. 2) One pair recently developed two tears in the fabric in the crotch area … not the seams, the fabric itself … and no, they fit properly and I'm not overweight. I'd still recommend them with care taken for these two shortcomings.
Cute dress. Didnt hide my love handles like I had hoped so I returned it.
Nice cargos for the price! Definitely stood out from all the other cargos that we're around. Will buy from again.
Would prefer to have 1 or 2 ties instead of 3.
I ordered one style yet I received a different style? These are ok earrings but they do feel cheap and light, which is fine since they are hanging on your ears.
Light weight, not too snug, but the legs still roll-up, rendering them useless for the purpose if keeping your thighs from chafing.
Shorter than what the pic shows. Nice and soft
Too small but I like material
Length on size large is good but the width seems to be intended for someone an entire foot wider than I am.
I really wanted to like these, but the fit is off. They are really tight through the waist and hip. I wear a 10 petite in LEE Riders jeans. I had hoped these would fit the same. However, the Chic 10 petite is tight and uncomfortable even before a first wash. Very disappointing! Will not buy again!
The color began to fade after the first wash. It's taking on a tie-dye quality.
shirt is thinner than I had expected
It smells so fishy!! I hung it up outside in the sun for 2 days and the odor dissipated.
It fits well and she loves her outfit
Its cute, shipping was over a month and oddly even though it was in a plastic padded envelope and wrapped in plastic it was totally wet when I got it and smells musty. Must have come by boat :)
These Run big: my newborn was 7 lbs 12 oz and this was still too big. We made it work but I wish it would have been a better fit.
My daughter and I love this umbrella! It is so cute. However, one of the poles broke within 10 minutes of my daughter opening it. Cute but cheaply made
Smart looking, but VERY thin design
Good for 1 time wear. The black lining started coming off right away.
Beautiful dress but very inconsistent! I first ordered the rose colored dress and returned it because the color was more pink/less rose and size wise, it was slightly on the bigger size. So I returned and ordered the red 1 in xsmall and small. The extra small was tighter as was to be expected. The small this time worked better, meaning it wasn't slightly big or anything it was actually fit to my body. Still had to return it because it has a small hole along one of its seams. I ordered a replacement, but something on the replacement is off. I feel as though the overall length of it is shorter and compromises on it elegance a bit. Here I am placing yet another order because if I can finally find a dress that fits well and isn't damaged, is beautiful! I am lucky that my event is months out and have time to keep ordering and returning, but am a bit frustrated already.
Cups are completely uncomfortable, press on the chest because during socks the top rises up and also slides a little aside. I will not order the second one.
Was a little disappointed to find out that it only came with one Buckle would have been nice for them to include 3 buckles for three belts
Unlike the many positive reviews, I didn't like this hat. Took it on vacation so couldn't return. Was hoping for something very fashionable - this was not what I had in mind.
i wear 6 in Jockey and these seemed to be very tight, not sure why im returing and going up a size to 7
I bought it as a returned item.It was not in good shape, small tears in multiple locations.
The top is cute but there is very little support through the bottom so I felt like my boobs might constantly slide down! Not a good look! ;)
The skirt is super cute!! However, the product picture showed a zipper and button closure, and my skirt came with an elastic waist. Not at all what I had hoped for because it kept creeping up my waist when I tried it on.
It was a lot shorter than expected. More like a bralette-style than a crop top.
Fit perfectly out of the bag but after just a few wears, it was too loose even on the tightest hooks. Not offered in 32 so I can't get a smaller one. Bummer. Really comfortable.
I wear my pants/shorts above my hips/belly button. Even at that height the legs are still below my knee. If they slide down a little then they are at my calfs. I don't think these are regular cut but long cut for a much taller or long legged person.
Wanted to try out corset waist training, so decided to go with this one! I am 5'4, 55 kilos with a natural waist of 28 inches and a torso length of 9 inches. I am quite skeptical of this corset and the product of the item because of its price but so far have found it to be quite durable. I was also pretty nervous because I bought a size XS (one down from what was recommended for me) but it was fine and fit my body shape. Pictured is me laced down to 25.5 inches. Remember to always let your body get used to corsets. I was so excited to wear my first corset I was ready to wear it for hours but that wouldn't have ended well. Do your research and be safe!!
Have bought a few of these shirts and I love them! Got the large and it was a little big originally so I went with the med and I'm pretty sure it was bigger then the large. Will be returning.
The material was very nice but the fit was much too small. I read the previous reviews and therefore bought a size larger than normal and as was advertised on the size chart. Alas, it was still too small. I'm 5' 10” and weight 160 lbs. The size chart indicated a medium so I ordered a large. I struggled to fit into it. The return policy is commendable.
the do the job but aren't as nice looking as expected
Its definitely a nice warm jacket but it didn't fit my body type. I'm more on the slim/athletic fit side so I have wider shoulders. I had to return but if I was trying to layer up it would be a great jacket for the winter.
Fits well, looks just like the picture provided. Not very warm though - the fabrics used are pretty mediocre and this has two negative side effects: 1) It makes it so that the jacket is not very well insulated. For example, the pockets are made with a thin nylon fabric, so if you are outside and have your hands in your pockets, they will get cold very fast. 2) The jacket feels "cheap" because of the fabric, even though it looks great.
It was a nice and soft outfit which the baby loved. Only downside was the crotch area was poorly done and had a big hole where it wasn't finished.
I ordered the blue and it was a VERY bright blue! Not royal blue like the picture...they run a little roomy...I ordered small and I could have ordered a extra small...returning them because they are TOO bright for my taste
This shirt is runs large and fades dramatically after a few washings.
tops fit and for the price they are good
My husband is a predictable size L. This came and sent much bigger than my woman's size M. Have to exchange.
I'm 6'3", 215lbs and I'm usually between sizes L and XL. This particular polo shirt fits me well in size L but it's too short. On the other hand size XL is too baggy. Unfortunately they don't have it in size LT (large tall)
After reading the review's i got a huge size to make sure the sleeve width fit glad I did cause not sure if I got my true size my arms would have fit .. Good weight
I have purchased several of this style. This one has pads in the top that move around. Not able to remove them easily. Disappointed
The rubber piece on front did not allow for proper flex of the face mask so it would rise up. Had to tear it off
Overall it was a good buy however there were no short length options when I ordered so I settled for regular length which for me is way too long. I'm having them hemmed so it worked out ok but I'd rather no pay the extra if I don't have to.
It's a bit boxy around the middle. I'd prefer something more fitted.
The waistband is too large... leaves a gap at the top... very inconvient Otherwise they would be perfect
The hand pump that makes the bat wing go up and down does not work well and only moves one bat wing.
Tight around my knees
I ordered my usual size, I read many of the reviews, and decided to go with my size, I'm a size 7. I weigh about 145 5ft tall and the pants were way too high rise, they are described as mid rise, they went way passed my belly button. I didn't like them so I returned them :( sucks
While these will work great in the winter the pouch is not large enough to hold your boys in place and prevent bat wings in the summer months.
Overall okay. Cheap, but fine. A little snug
Should have bought a large
They look small for a men's medium. Will know after Christmas if they need to be returned.
I have to admit it is kinda cheap, for instance the inside fabric seems like a really cheap fabric...but it's a cutie...and even though I haven't worn it yet, I can't wait to wear it...chances are I won't be wearing it often so I should be fine...
THE LEFT CAP SLEEVE IS SMALLER THAN THE RIGHT, WHICH IS VERY NOTICEABLE AND DOES NOT FIT WELL.
Didn't get the colors listed. Suppose it doesn't really matter to a three year old.
Fabric was not heavy enough
Poor material quality
I love Carhartt, but I have mixed feelings about this jacket. I wanted something that would work between 45 and 60 degrees. This jacket is not all that warm at 50 unless you're working hard, and once you get above 60, it's a little hot. Also, I find it sweaty. I don't think the lining does a good job of letting water vapor through. Other than that, it's very nice. Constructed well. Lets you move. Probably works better over a thermal top or a flannel shirt. I wear it over T-shirts.
They don't stay up like I was expecting. The top will roll down as you move around during the day.
The gun sits back a bit too far for me and I would rather have some Velcro latching the strap in place rather than the hooks it has. It's a bit cumbersome to get it to unhook. I'm going to remove the hooks and add Velcro.
Back of skirt seem weird, not Aline at bottom,it's okay, shirt is tight but cute
Overall the product was good, just not the right fit for me. I am unable to use the socks because they are too long for my legs.
One size hahaha that's funny ! this does not fit me around the breast area. I wear a 38D. It's so tight and very uncomfortable
Love the design. The material is soft and stretchy, but the length shrunk quite a bit
I needed these to hold up some very heavy motorcycle riding pants and I should have known that they aren't really up to the task. For the money they're not bad but the gripper portion is pretty weak. If you just need to hold up normal pants/skirts these will probably work just fine.
the neck is quite small, I cannot fit it around to close.
Very nice and soft. Don't expect any control-top panel, though. The design sort of appears to offer some tummy control, but that's fake news. Minus another star because y'all straight up ruined one pair with residue from a promotional sticker :( can't scrape that stuff off to save my life. Maybe put the sticker on the tag, not on the fabric?
runs a little small, after one gentle cycle wash it was falling apart. very cute though!
The fabric was like drier lint. When draped on it didn't even remotely resemble the photo.
The mittens fit my 10 year old but were much smaller then I expected I thought a women's small would fit my 13 year old.I guess I would need a large for sure!!!
Cute but runs very small. Nice fabric but I can't wear it across the bust
Love the design and pattern. Comfortable for weightlifting or running workout. High wasted & elastic band is thin and has some give to it. Would prefer a different elastic. Otherwise, satisfied with the leggings.
Too soft..thought it would be more sturdy..but ok
Very cute but runs very small. Ordered the 10/12 and looks more like a 7/8.
I didn't see the "Plus Size" in the description, so this was way too big for me. The material is very thin, so it wouldn't keep you very warm. But I liked the color and I think it would look good in the correct size.
very thin material so the look is saggy and not as fitted as expected
Opens and relatively easy with automatic button, however, it is hard to push the handle base and the canopy together to create the compact form. The canopy size is nice and large for a compact umbrella
It does not look like the picture and it is so different and the colors are horrible
I received my socks this afternoon and can say that they're true to size. That being said, I am very disappointed with the packaging. When I pulled one pair apart I did not immediately notice that they were attached at the toes with a large staple. It fell on the carpet and could have easily injured us or our dog had we stepped on it. Fortunately I immediately found the one that dropped. There is no reason why socks should be stapled together--who does that??!! Please be aware if you choose to purchase this particular brand! Not sure if I would buy these again.
Well enough made but shrinks when washed in accordance with instructions.
I read the pants run small. So I ordered a medium. They are too big and I'm hoping they will shrink.
Great quality runs very very very large
SUPER cute but the top was HUGE. Bottom was perfect and could care less about the bow because my daughter hates those tie ones. Overall would order again for price and the cute bloomers
Not good for the beach the dirt was going up the leg bothering my daughter
Lots of room and pockets. I like it so far, but the front zipper pocket already has a hole in it.
Although this product fits, the pattern isn't exactly like the picture and appears to be a smaller picture, in the picture it looks stitched and up close it's not.
Cute suit but runs really small. I wear a 4 normally, read some of the reviews and figured I would order a medium. Its still a little tight in the top. But I paired the bottom with another one of my bathing suit tops and I like it.
The color is nice and I wear it all the time when it's raining. But it's a little too thin for me. It was also a little tight in the chest area.
Product is very soft but the colors are very much more pink than the picture. I guess I figured the scarf would have more purple/dark hues through it from how it looks in the picture.
Extremely long ribbon
It was not how I thought it would fit
I like these! I think the fabric could be thicker - I'll have to update when it's wet but it seems a little thin. True to size and appropriate coverage regarding length. I'm three months pregnant so anything that isn't too tight is appreciated. The color is exactly as described. My only complaint is I was expecting more of a thick material. I'm wondering if cellulite might show through when wet.
Was too long for me and I'm like 5'6"
Very nice shirt but buy smaller than you think you need.
Fits well but Fabric is thin and wears quickly.
Wish I could have had a larger bottom size cause this was really cute.
This is pretty and I know shrugs aren't supposed to close all of the way, but when looking at the measurements, I thought I ordered large enough that it'd at least come together.
I am 5'8, athletic build, 160 lbs and ordered a Large. It fits alright but a little on the small side. I wish I had ordered an XL because white the sleeves fit just fine I feel like it is a little short in the stomach. Nice color though I wish it had a pocket in the front! Can't beat the price however so no real complaints from me.
I like the skirt is fine..but the blouse is to short...I have to fix it..
Good idea to size up. However once it's on it stays put!
thougth it would be longer - it's okay - would not buy again
It's a bit expensive considering its quality.
Your site said their were 12 pairs of socks but what came were only six pairs what's going on
They do look cute. They are made of a paper like material. Not very comfortable. They did fit as expected. True to size
father's day gift. works great for my dad
Product was smaller than expected.
I am sorry to say that this dress was not at all what I expected. The material is a type of waffle fabric -- very thin, no thickness at all. Not at all nice to the touch, in my opinion. And the shoulders and arms were too close fitting, in comparison to the rest of the dress. I won't be ordering any more clothes from this company, because I have been disappointed twice by the quality of the items. It is all a matter of opinion and taste, I know. But, they are definitely not to my taste.
Love the shirt but it's not the same color red as in the pic. I received something similar to a fire engine red colored shirt and I was looking for something a little darker.
Overall fit was a bit baggier than I expected but I was ok with that! fit is perfect! and love the color more like 3.5 stars because the material is very thin! and it's already getting holes.
I found it "too heavy" of a fabric for a summer night gown. A "medium" generally fits me loosely, whereas this gown in medium is quite snug. Not uncomfortably so, but not what I was hoping for.
The tassels were down to her ankles so she had to shorten them, but other than that she really likes it.
It's a good winter jacket, well made, but it is a fabric material so if you have a smaller lean/physique it looks too big. I returned it and looked for a different jacket.
It's on the small side. Trying to decide if I'll keep it. The fit might work as a top but seems too snug for a cover up.
I had a baby 5 months ago and this outfit is not forgiving at all lol
I recieved a way different color than that Of in the picture, mine looks like bright red. Was disappointed
Not at all as expected. These are shinny glowy liners. The photo description looks nothing a like.
Love how comfortable this romper is. I'm 5'2" and ordered a small. Fits well on top, but is WAY too long for my short stature. I'm keeping it to wear around the house but would not wear out in public.
Nice fit. Very comfortable! My 22 yr old daughter told me it was cute.
Didn't like that the feet part has no shape, it's just straight and makes it bulky
Order a size smaller and they are better for winter as they are a little thick for the southern humidity.
I like the idea. But the white part in the bikini bottom kept showing super annoying but the color is nice. The bra was way too big for my liking it's cute I may order a size smaller next.
The first time I purchased this shirt I was happy, because it was exactly as described in their ad. A couple of weeks later I order a second one and it was lower quality. The fabric was rough and it was not navy blue.
They were okay they don't sit perfect
I was super excited to receive this jumpsuit. When I opened the package there was some animal hair on it, but I decided to try it on anyways. I am 5'8” and a size 2, so I ordered a small. It was very cute, but ran a little small. I wouldn't recommend if you have a long torso. Maybe go up a size.
I ordered two sizes larger than my waist size and it barely fits around my waist. I will go to the brick and mortars and try them on from now on
Fabric was a bit see-through in the white. I expected that, but for a summer dress I didn't want to have to wear a lot of things underneath.
The underwear is fine but the characters are not as pictured
Sized small and fabric was scratchy.
They seem nice but they're small. I ordered xl and according to their chart i should have had planty of room. They must be Chinese xl because they're more like a medium/large.
The material is thin compared to Amazon Essentials Men's 7-Pack Tag-Free Briefs at twice the price. Purchase Amazon Essentials Men's 7-Pack Tag-Free Briefs instead.
The fabric balls up with fuzz. Only had a couple of weeks and wore only a handful of times before it did not look nice anymore. Love the concept of have a pocket though. Would buy multiple if better or different fabric was used
Odd. It's like a cross between a curved bill and a flat bill. Pretty wide brim.
Can sweat with this. It's worth. I'm 5.6 and 140 pounds and for me was a little big. I like it.
Nice for what it is, just a shirt. Definitely size up.
It is way too small I'm a decent size guy who usually wears XL but I saw that this runs small so I ordered it xxl unfortunately it fits like a large I'm not sure how I'm supposed to wear anything underneath it, quality seems good but I'll be sending it back.
small in the arm openings. rough stitching on the garment
The length seem a little short. Otherwise, beautiful belt.
Nice fabric. With that being said. They are way undersized. Imagine Saran wrapping your privates to your body with a soft Bamboo fabric. Other than the tight (really really tight) fit where it matters most, the waist is sized properly. Everyone would know what you're packing if they saw you in these boxer briefs.
I haven't purchased any clothing items on Amazon that I've been happy with. Guess I need to actually drive somewhere. :) Or maybe I'm just bad at choosing clothing products online.
Ok price, ok quality, BUT NOT AS PICTURED.... logo and design are MUCH SMALLER...
I ordered up in size still really small. I am 5'' 9", but still, it cuts in crotch and too small. The green color is fabulous. So disappointing.
Smaller than expected
Cute suit, just too small.
I have not sweat not one time where this thing. So its not doing its job. It is making my back hurt
I'm 5'6, 6 in pants and small or medium in tops with 32C and I got a medium and reordered a large. Not much support at all so I'm not sure how this would go for women who have big boobs.
Was bigger than expected. Didn't look like picture.
My husband is 6' and trim. Torso on this shirt too short,
I try to buy my underwear large so it'll have a lot of room, but these seem to run pretty small and don't have very much elastic give. Not a great value for the cost.
These leggings are super soft and warm but unfortunately are not meant to last . The material just doesn't hold up that well even after only three times wearing them
Based on chart o ordered l/xl. I'm 38" on waist and 45" on hips. I like the material and lifting. I barely tried on at work. Leaving them on. I'm wearing a loose shirt so my love handles are hidden. That's the only con makes your love handles stick out :(
Not large enough to hold the goods
The denim jacket fit well. The inside of the sleeves on the wrist have a very scratchy seam that were sort of uncomfortable. The inside fleece jacket was very warm and soft. However, I was disappointed because I ordered an XL but the denim part was a large and the inside part was an 8 so it did not fit correctly. It also had a bit of a smell.
They are cute socks but I was hoping for more support around my arches where I need it most. I would have given more stars for more support. They get three for looks.
The Sleeve Lenght in the Picture was a to the hand lenght . When I received it , it was a 3/4 length sleeve. I Kept it but I was very disappointed.
It is pretty tights across my chest and I'm only a C cup. It's also a bit short on me, but I kind of expected that since I'm 5'11". Quality is as to be expected.
Very pretty but ran small I got the PP size that said it would fit G and H sizes it unfortunately did not work out for me
Fit ok but if you have a large chest there is no support some serious underboob and if you lift your arms up boobs fall out lol also the seam is coming undone on the top the bottoms fit really good though
Looks cheap, I expected better quality from Columbia. Size as expected.
No elasticity. I have to loosen the straps to put them on or take them off and retighten them when I get them on again. A real pain in the butt. They are not strong enough for my tool belt either.
the package arrived but it is not the color that I chose
Good quality fabric and zipper, love the pockets, but I expected better printing for the price. The outfit was not let dry long enough before packaging. Tissue paper placed on the suit meant to keep the print from sticking to itself will not come off! It looks the a toilet papered skeleton. I sent 10 min trying to get all of the tissue paper off and eventually just gave up. Comes off in little 1x1 pieces. The print was also stuck to itself in several spots, tearing the image in some places when separated. I am frustrated with the print and packaging to say the least. I would order your normal size, xl was way too big, so i exchanged for medium and the medium legs are tight.
The bottoms fit pretty well, but the top was HUGE and not adjustable. The tie is just for looks instead of being able to make it fit you. Would recommend ordering a size down.
Is not preshrunk so a large is a medium when washed. A medium is a small. So buy a size up from the size you usually wear. I'm 6ft 160lbs and slim and I bought a large and it shrunk to a medium which is too small for me if this helps you
So far I'm happy . My husband likes them . Great for work
I ordered this headband for my workouts. At first it fit perfectly, but after using it about 10 times it has stretched out and smells a little once I sweat in it. I wash it after every use, so maybe that's why it is wearing out quickly. It might work better for someone who doesn't sweat very much.
Size was OK but colors very dull. The T Shirt is drab and dark. In the photo on Amazon the colors look bright and stand out. In real life it does not look this way at all. Disappointed. There are much nicer FNAF t shirts available.
I ordered 2sizes because ordering over the Internet you don't know which is going to fit.thats why when I ordered 2 more shirts a different color andI then knew which size to get. I didn't like the dark wine color so I bleached them to get the colored I wanted.
Half size to full size smaller then normal. Go a size larger. Otherwise looks good.
A little tighter than I would like.
I'm 5.2 and ordered a small. It's too short. I would not be able to wear this as a dress after one wash.
The quality was great however one pair of the sleep pants had a hole in the seat of the back. Easier to sew-than return.
Fits well, digitally printed so when it stretches you can see through it. Good enough for the wuality and what I expected at the price point. Held up to a couple of washes, don't recommend drying.
Patterns are cute but I didn't care for the fabric content.
Size is not same as American
Arrived intact but the size was way too small, even though I ordered they size they recommended. I waited too long to return it so I'm stuck w it. I'll prob give it to a friend or donate it.
It was cute, but for a medium it was way too large. I had to send it back. Size down if your petite and small in the shoulders.
The size is not correct they run very small but the pants are nice.
Not what I expected...but still decent. My 6 year old loves it, even if it is too big
Not for small chest. It will gap when you lean over.
Ordered two sizes up, still pretty snug. Fits but tight enough to make me self conscious. Not as long as I expected. Quality appears good for the price.
This dress is SO long. It dragged on the floor all day and got all dirty. I had to hold it up to walk around. It's also very see through. I had to wear an undershirt beneath it because you could see my nude bra.
Slightly uncomfortable
Nice when first worn but washes horribly.
i ordered a small pair, they say they are size small but are closer to medium/large.
Wanted the one with sleeves.
Does not work if protection screen is on phone.
First came damaged. Second time around was fine. Slightly off white, almost a cream color. Bought for my son's prom. It wouldn't be a good daily wear, but good for a one or two time use.
Runs to small , leaves mark on my calves
I ended up returning this since it was too big. I ordered a s/m and weighed 166 and am 5'7. They gowns provided at the hospital were just fine. I'm glad I returned and saved the money.
This is a beautiful color and a nice wallet, but It smells and I let it air out over 3 weeks. When I open it in a store it stinks.
Fits good but the color runs
I'll keep this top as it is o.k. to wear with jeans.
This shirt is OK for the price. It is a little big but nice if you like looser shirts. My main complaint is that the sleeves are too short. I have to scrunch them up to make it look like a 3 quarter shirt and I am only 5'5". Again for being $20 it is fine.
I decided to give this a shot under a backless dress for a dance. I'm a bigger girl, about 190lbs and a 36DDD chest. I was skeptical but tried it anyway. It was not happening. My boobs weigh too much and are not firm enough to be held up without getting creases. Overall they were NOT helpful at all, I went braless instead. That being said, they were really sticky and were made from a nice material, they just aren't for me.
Don't quite like the fit.
I would have given five stars except for a stitching flaw on the charcoal colored shirt. There is a one inch hole on the seam on the left side about 3 inches from the bottom. Otherwise a nice product and good value.
Fits well but don't like the fuzzy lint. I'll probably be donating it soon.
This was a cheap, fun thing to wear around the holidays and it looked cute on me. I wore it more as a gag, but we got a good laugh over it.
Suitable for a costume.
Tighter than expected after reading reviews. Fabric is thin, can start to see skin through fabric when I bend my legs. Not super soft fabric, feels cheap. Good for loungewear, but that's about all. One interesting thing so that it only has a seem on the inner thigh, not on the outter thigh - can't think if I've ever seen tailoring like that.
The material is good but the size was smaller than expected
nice toon, but not soft at all
Pretty tight for a pair labeled LARGE. Since they were pretty cheap, not worth sending back. Probably give to someone with small hands.
Well, Levi Jeans there alright I don't like the idea that they went from denim jeans to cotton jeans they don't last long they get holds between the legs in a whole week I hope Levi's go back to denim jeans they last longer than cotton jeans, I've been buying Levi Jeans for years
Preferred the white one but it wasn't available. This one is OK
I super loved this swimsuit, but I only wore it once and the strap came off. Otherwise it seems to be made really well and very comfortable. I will be ordering another one for sure. Hope this was just a random defect. I'm 5'3” and 130lbs with a pear shape and the medium fit like a charm.
Didn't love the quality.
Product was too small. Will be returning.
Looks Cheap. Plastic vinyl decal. Looks like a Man's shirt, not a woman's fit. Runs big. Not as cute as picture. Huge disappointment.
It is that very soft terrible material. It is cute but runs a bit small, i would go up a size cause it will shrink when you wash it. The color is very pretty. Comes with dental floss thong.
Too much of one color I would like other colors like 2 of each color
Fit great, not tight at all. But elastic band was made from scratchy material and irritated my inner thigh.
These legging fit amazing!! The only downfall is that they are see through!! Too bad because they really fit great.
Ordered a small. It's to big. The material is thin and the elastic around the top seems flimzy. Like a couple washes and it would be destroyed. Cute shirt and looks like the picture except it's not form fitting at the mid section.
Too flimsy. Need a sweater with more body.
It was well made, just smaller than expected. So it's never actually worn. Kinda bummed.
Should have been rayon material
The fabric was very comfortable but I went with the size chart and ordered a large. Should have ordered
The top is flowy and comfortable which is why I gave 3 stars HOWEVER I ordered an XL and I received a 2XL bottom (I dont own 2XL anything!) and it was extremely tight. Sooo great for the top but thats it.
The bands that hold the metal together are tense very well. It legitimately blocks RF, I HAVE TO PUT MY COMPANY BADGE OUTSIDE IN THE MONEY CLIP FOR IT TO WORK. It is just as easy as a stuffed leather wallet to get cards out unfortunately, but it IS a smaller form factor.
Will have to return or give away
I bought these 4 months ago. I got them because I didn't want to spend a fortune on new bras. These run a little small in cup size and are not very comfortable. However, they are functional & the neutral colors I ordered were great. I had a couple accidentally get tossed in the washer/dryer, and the foam cups were ruined beyond repair. They were permanently creased so badly that the folds showed from under a fairly thick shirt, so I had to toss them out. The hand washed ones have held up ok. These bras have done their job, but I wouldn't buy again.
The jacket is very thin have not worn it in cold rainy weather yet but to me seems very thin and cheaply made
I like the feel and forming of the fabric. They did rip at the seam the very first time I tried them on. I bought the proper size, and they were actually somewhat loose in the leg, but the seam did not hold. Also, the non fleece leggings are still very warm, I wore them in the summer and I was too hot, but would be great for winter.
I love this it's thick and comfy and soft and I love the snaps, the skirt size runs small I found but the onesie fit perfectly.
Fast delivery... stocks are weird material but okay for the money Good product. Fast delivery, good vendor
As much as I like the concept of the key chain, I don't like that it's bulky. I should have paid more attention to the dimensions. I'm keeping them still.
As most seem to have done, I cut off the silly mouth on the bottom. I also had to cut out a little extra on the upper eyelids, but they are still a little too low for me. If I let it sit normally then I can't look up at all. If I pull the mask tight I can see better, but then it is pulling my nose up (like you'd do to mimic a pig). So I would try to keep it partially pulled tight so that I could mostly see and not have my nose pulled up too much. Of course it kept slipping down since I didn't have time to add any velcro or a zipper in the back, but I will try to do that if I intend to keep using it. I'd also say the neck isn't quite as long as I really needed it. It was routinely an inch or so off my chest/shoulders, and it kinda looked silly like that. That said, if it fit me better, I think I would absolutely love it -- especially for the price.
It is a good product.
I was disappointed with these. I hoped they would be the same thickness as tights or stockings, providing a thin layer of cushion and protection without the full bulk of socks. Unfortunately, these are no thicker than pantyhose. There's really no cushion for your foot, and the "reinforcement" is not true reinforcement or cushion in the normal sense - it's just a small toe section of 2 thin layers of pantyhose. The material is more of a net (like traditional, thin pantyhose) and seems like it will run easily. I certainly would not call these "stockings." However, I will say I was impressed that these stay up fairly well throughout the day without being too tight on your calf. So if you're looking for ankle-highs made of pantyhose material then these are a good purchase. I however, was looking for ankle-high stockings made of the same material as tights, so I wouldn't repurchase (and wish I could still return them).
I ordered a size larger than I usually wear. Normally I wear an 18W but ordered a 3X in this so that it would be loose and comfy. It was form fitting, especially in the thighs and upper arms. fit like jeans around the waist where I expected it to be loose. There was definitely plenty of stretch to it, but not what I wanted in a onsie. I gave it to my daughter who wears a 14 and it fit her baggy in the torso and like jeans on the thighs. She took it home and I returned to my tried and true PJs. Both of us appreciated the softness of the material and it feels and looks well made, sizing is just off, especially for plus sized women.
Very cute but after a couple of wears it looks raggedy
These leggings are nice.. however they are very baggy in the crotch area. The phone pocket is super useful while in the gym and they are not see through which is the only reason I'm giving them three stars.
The cardigan fits true to size, with the exception of the sleeves. They were too tight, and I will have to return the cardigan.
I love the look and everything except for the lenses. They are super easy to smudge and hard to clean! The cleaner rag that comes with them does not help.
Okay for young kids.
It's looks good, but is smaller than I expected and one of the zipper doesn't work very well
Hat looked like it was for a kid
I am 5'7” 150 lbs. This swimsuit was everything I wanted except in the chest. This suit is made for someone with a short torso. The placement of the cups squished the “girls” down and caused an unflattering front and side view. I am a 36DD and no it had nothing to do with my “girls” if they were placed exactly where they should be my nipples can be seen right through the center of the mesh. Ordering an xl hoping it will be longer in the torso area.
Kind of bulky. Like gold toe much better. Hard to fit in my shoes.
Product is soft and pretty, definitely not as long as the photo shows which is disappointing
Nice pants, good quality and priced right but the sizing is way off, they fit really small so order up at least 2 sizes.
Weird, scratchy material. Looks cute on. Felt like I had to adjust it all day. Doesn't work great with a large chest.
Mostly XL fits my size but this size smaller then XL
To small for my head but it came really fast and I cannot complain about that. The price was really reasonable.
The white is very see through. Other than that it looks just like the photo.
This is a nice costume. It appears to be well made and it arrived on time. I ordered a 6 month to 24 month size. The costume was way to big for that size. It fit my older grand daughter that wears a size 5!
Sturdy and well made but it is a little tough to open and close the money clip is kinda useless money slides right out
I felt like this faja wasn't very sturdy compared to another brand that I bought on Amazon and ended up keeping. The sizing was too small for me as well and I didn't like the way the clasp closure was. I returned this. This brand just wasn't for me. I suggest buying other brands to compare if you can to see what you like best.
The product glows like the product description says it does. What I was very disappointed in was the size. They are really really miniature. The bottles are only the size of the tip of my finger, that is, the last joint to the tip of my finger.
Washed 2 or 3 times and it's already fraying.
Fit great around the waist but around the top was a bit big and the white part behind the pattern was showing along the boob
Good quality pants. They fit smaller on me than other pants of this type and size. I have a curvier build.
The shirt is cute but it's very thin and it runs a little small.
For the price, this is a great dress....HOWEVER, the chest area really does fit extra tight. I got a medium size and it all fits well (lose around mid section) except the chest area. I wear a 36D so I was surprised this was as tight in the chest area as some of the reviews. I'd return it and try for a large but then I do think it would be too big in every other area. I'll just keep it and hopefully no one will notice that the chest is super tightly snug. Maybe the vendor will realize it should be a big loser in the chest area based on all reviews and change it. Would help many potential customers get a better fit.
Super cute and light weight. My only issue is the fringe falls out SO easy! Idk how I have any left on it after wearing it.
The scarf is smaller than I expected. It's also very thin (in the second picture, I put a sticky-note underneath the scarf and you can see right through it. The scarf reminds me of tissue paper). Definitely too expensive for the size and quality.
The only thing i didnt particularly like is the pockets give u a triangle shape
Received socks quickly. Giving as gift and will find out as to fit this weekend.
This set runs quite small compared to another set I purchased for my grandson. So, just be careful, although all these sets appear to be the same, the aren't.
Cute and cozy but not very well made. The balls attached to the strings came apart the first time I washed it.
I am a size 40 D and the cup was too big. Does not fit well.
The socks are comfy, and don't make the feet sweaty. But they leave a LOT of lint on your feet until after the third wash or so. I mostly bought these because I was tired of having to sift through my laundry and pair up all different kinds of socks.
The fabric is thin and the shorts are not comfortable
Not supportive. Returned.
The sent me the wrong size. Not meant for someone with a long torso. And I'm only 5'3" if that gives you an idea of how short it is.
Good material, but under the outer surface there is a foam material sheet that make it a bit puffy. Would be nice if it is thinner.
I never tried them on. The color was way too bright. Not at all the color you see online. Looks kinda neon. Didn't return them in time so wasted my money...
Great underwear and lasts. Somewhat true to size. I always order a size up for kids underpants no matter what brand. However one of the reasons I chose this product was the colors advertised. I received totally different colors and prints but the size and style was correct. 3 stars due to the colors not matching what is shipped.
The hand of the fabric is too harsh.
I checked out the size guide and the jeans were way too big.
Cute items. Looks like the flowers are just spray painted and glued together- they do have a good grip. Not the best quality necklace or flowers though.
Super thin but cute I guess.
Fabric is light and comfortable, and you can't beat the price. However, they still slip off my feet sometimes. I wear a US 5.5-6 and bought the appropriate indicated size, and I still feel they were a little big. Worth a try since they're only $15 for four pairs, but I eventually ended up investing in Smartwool no-shows that somehow actually Do Not Slip even though they're x3 the price.
Ok shirt. Very disproportionate in sizing. Arms and length were fine but it is very tight around chest and neck. Got measured to buy my size and had to exchange twice to get a decent fit. Kind of sheer so def where an undershirt. Black buttons looked more of a waiter/waitress style! Would not rebuy.
Its really cute but not good for busty girls
I ordered a size up (M instead of S but the tag says L) and it fits nicely, my only problem is it smells really badly of mold and I put it in the wash and the smell is still there but it's a little fainter,,,
Sizing ran small. The lettering is some kind of heat transfer. Wife ended up giving it away
Tighter than I expected and I'm not a large person (even pregnant)but that's not a big deal. Was going to wear them as sleep shirts but the piping around the cutout on the inside of the boob cup area is so itchy there's no way I could wear this tank top without a bra without losing my mind. Was expecting it to be softer and better quality. If you're planning on wearing a nursing bra underneath the tank top then go for it 100%, otherwise I'd look for softer, more high quality options.
Cool shirt a little snug until you wasn't it and then it's very snug!! Get a size up! Donated mine because it shrank :(
The overall fit is right, yet I prefer to have the but-cheeks well-covered:) Not the case with this brand.... The Bali skipper briefs are perfect in that respect. Just wanted to try something new out.....kept the order, yet not my faves...
I do not like the fit of this shirt. It runs large, and the sleeves look odd. I had bought it for work but I cannot wear it because I float in it.
I like the price, material, the length of the shirt and that it didn't shrink too bad after the first wash. What I don't like is the t-shirt sleeve length. Too short( stops at the upper bicep- lower shoulder area) and is tight.
Helpful with ankle injury recovery
I don't think the problem inherently was the bra, but more so my breasts. The bra wouldn't stay on, and gave me nearly no support. I know that it's meant as a backless cleavage creator, however it should provide support.
Not for short people. I'm big busted and short so I went for an XL. It was a maxi on me but very comfy.
Bulky, band is too narrow and plastic doesn't bend.
This is a cute sweater. Different fabric then I thought. I'm a size 14/16 and ordered xl. It was a little small. So not put in the dryer or it will never fit! Holes in it are really big. You will need a shirt under it. Over all nice sweater thought.
I was looking for a secure top vs a bra and wanted this to be it. I am halfway in between, it is good, but not as much as 100%, does not stay up on the top part. Plus I wanted it to feel more like cotton.
Big look like Grandmother dress
Fits on the smaller size. Ordered a size small and the sleeves are a little short on me so I have to roll them up which is fine and it isn't very oversized. Not bad for the price though. Just definitely size up a size or two
Great quality but had to return b/c it was too big in the body and too tight in the bust
Very thin material, hoping for no shrink when washed.
Ok material but Waaaaay too big. This thing is a tent
Beautiful but broke fast!
Quality just ok, off white color is not nice, it looks like an old white dingy color and after 3 washes it has begun to fray.
My wife bought these for me as a gift and I like them as they fit well and feel great but do creep a bit when bending over and getting up after sitting. They do get more comfortable once I got use to them but I wouldn't buy them again as I prefer a longer leg that is more snug.
The size was a lot bigger than I anticipated. It's more so for a "Big & Tall" person. Not bad though.
Elastic is too tight.
The shorts fit as expected and are a nice length. The only thing is I do not like the fabric, it is rather stiff and crunchy. I prefer a softer more flowing fabric for my running shorts.
Gloves are not the best quality, but the headband was great!
I bought an XL women's T-shirt for a friend and it turned out to be WAY too small. Seems to be more like a Medium. Sad because it was a cute saying and she's a teacher. I had to find a new gift.
I'm giving this a 3 star because the horns fell off very easily, the headband wouldn't stay on my wig very well, and I feel like they could have done a lot better. IF you want to buy this, I wouldn't recommend this. The headband is cheap, and you could easily hot glue the horns but I feel like I could get a better headband.
The dress itself is beautiful but the sizing is way off! I bought my daughter a 3-4 even though she is turning 5 and it's too big still in the lace part up top. It falls down and shows her upper body. I will have to sew it tighter. She is petite but certainly not in 3 year old clothes
I was so very hopeful when I ordered these! They feel great, but they are too long for my size 10 womens foot. They bunch up at the heel. I'll work with them and give them another shot. Also, not completely no show. I can see them when wearing my Taos sneakers :-(
Made for people with a little more curves
Head and body were as described and as pictured, although the body came folded up into the head and as a result, is a bit misshapen. Legs/feet NOT as pictured. Image shows boot type. Actual is basically fuzzy pajama pants and slippers.
When I received this item one strap was already broken, when my daughter put it on for the first time another strap broke.thankfully they were easy to see back on.
I don't really like the material, I don't reach for them when I'm going to run! Will wear them just casually around the house
I orderd the 2X But I am usually only a Large. It's a bit to big but still looks nice and I can tie the corner to make it have a smaller fit. Would order again but in a smaller size.
Cute. VERY cute. Fit is good. Socks are comfortable, but........each PAIR of socks is unique. Therefore, lose a sock? The mate is a “one sock only”. So....order TWO sets? I don't know........
Doesn't hang right. I think I can fix it with a few stitches.
They zipper and latches aren't very sturdy, easily broken.
Earring was missing black stone at top.
It was a cute outfit, but the fabric seemed a little thin. However, I am sure my nephew will outgrow it before he wears it out.
Loved the material. Is just a little too small.
the bra is too small.
These worked for the time I needed them but I don't like the material. The material pills and runs very easily.
Quality of print isn't great, the size is way too big and the picture is smaller than shown
The fabric was nice but the size and fit was not as expected compared to other brands
it was cute. you get what you pay for.
Full skirt. So fun! Too tight in bust, fabric does not stretch.
Runs very small! I bought this for my baby's 1st birthday. It barely fit his head. He has a small head too!
Lace is abruptly cut off. Wish it would tapper off more. True to color.
A little too small for my intended use, but will use it something else
I'm 5”3 and 35 weeks pregnant ( 158 pounds ) got a medium and it fits great. Was a little disappointed with the top cause it's not sweetheart style like the picture it more over laps. Also the back till mid back is all lace and see through
I'm a little disappointed in this product. It looks like the picture, but I feel it looks cheap and awkward on. There is nothing covering the chest so you do have to buy something to wear underneath. Overall, I wasn't happy with the fit or the material.
I ordered a adult medium and received a youth medium.
Bigger than I expected.
Had a last minute all white party and needed a dress. I ordered a few hoping one would fit. This dress was made of a thicker fabric that was not see through like the other dresses. It had a cute golden bar accent at the neck line. I did have to use a belt to cinch it together as the dress was quite large otherwise. It's main downfall was the noticeable hemline across the chest. I would still recommend this dress.
Size is good. Length is good. The material is terrible.
not really what I expected
Socks are much too thin, had to return.
Good quality shirt. One of my favorites. Holds up well in the washer. The text is a little more faded than I expected. Overall would buy from this company again!
These were soft and pretty comfy, but the back panel isn't cut any higher than the front. So the front came up high and the back was too low. I just got them for around the house but I'm still going to return them.
This jacket is pretty heavy and thick, but almost too thick. The outside of it, where the arms rub against the body kind of pill easily after a few wearings. The outside fabric isn't soft, it's a little more polyester feeling, but still a good sweatshirt for the price.
Bought the X Large. Waaaaaay too long. Like 8" too long. Who designed this ? Sleeves, collar and chest fit well.
The red ruffle sleeve is beautiful but it did not look good on me. 5” 2 135 it was too long and bunched up in the stomach area. I ordered a medium. Think it would look better on someone 5”6 or taller.
The print seemed a lot duller and subdued in person. It wasn't as bold and vibrant as I had expected it to be. I returned it.
My husband has several of these in other brands so I decided to try this one and ordered his normal 2x, but when it arrived it was way too big so obviously these run large
This dress would be cool for a flapper party/costume. The qualify is so so. The back is low with a tiny strap that crosses between your shoulder blades. It is heavy, because of the sequence.
Love the quality but the fit is for really skinny babies 😩
Ankle/leg too narrow
Not a fan of microfiber. Won't be purchasing these again.
The product is great for an average to small sized bust. Definitely not for a larger chest.... not if you want support.
The side pocket and material are nice however the pants run a bit small. I'm usually a medium in compression workout pants but these were quite snug and gave me a bit of a muffin top
Was not true to size
I am 5'3" and these are just too high-waisted for me. If I was 5'8" they would be great, but these just roll down and make a big bump at my waist.
I purchased a size bigger. Fits pretty good. However, has a strong chemical smell. I have washed it twice and socked them in detergent. Smell still there.
I have small head and did not sit well, I used it because it was for custom and did not have time to change.
For the price, to come with bow and necklace was okay. But the top of the bathing suit was entirely too big. The rest of it fit fine. Almost like it wasn't proportionate. For the price, I guess it's an issue a safety pin can fix.
I wanted to love this suit! The color was beautiful and vibrant and the material was well made. However, I ordered a large and the underwire did not lay flat under my chest, it stuck out. I'm not sure if the medium would have been tighter, but there is no way I could go down a size because my boobs were already falling out of this one. (I'm 34 DD). I think if there was more coverage I would have kept it, but I'm not that comfortable showing so much of my chest. The colors were beautiful though. I wish I could find another suit in that pattern.
She really liked it.
Looks good but it's to big
I bought this because the word "large" was in the name, so I assumed it would fit aviator sunglasses. It doesn't. Pretty sure this would only fit compact reading glasses. Decent quality, though.
Ordered 2 masks. One of them would have received 5 stars but the 2nd had strings of glue all over it and the feathers are bent and won't stand up.
Not great but once you fight to get on it is tight and it does job
This dress was not sewn straight. Two issues: 1) The center seam with buttons is not centered. It's off by about an inch to one side and it's obvious. 2) Where the dress attaches to spaghetti straps is higher on one side than the other. This, too, is obvious. Unfortunately, I will be returning this.
I love the dress but is too big. I'm returning it.
Pros: The sizing on these are great. I often have difficulty with underwear sizes. Typically, a medium is just too small but a large is a bit too big, but I have to go with the large. I bought the medium and they fit perfectly. Also, as advertised, there were no panty lines, which is also difficult to find. In my experience, many “no lines” underwear still leave lines that you can see through my pants. Cons: However, unfortunately, they are cheaply made. During the first day of wear the seam along the side of the crotch lining came undone. I'll still try to wear them and see what happens with the loosening seams, since they fit so well, but it's disappointing. I didn't expect too high quality given the price, but I did expect more than one wear. We will see if the other pairs in the pack do the same thing.
Shorts are ok. Velcro on the pockets. The seller is slow, be prepared for a very long wait.
The red is not as bright as pictured, more of cardinal color, still a nice jacket.
Color is amazing. The XL fits tighter up top than expected. I'm only 5ft so I couldn't order a size bigger, it'll be super long, like down by the knee (awkward). The material is pretty thin, but I guess perfect for summer time.
This dress is super cute, but I had to rate it as a 3 because it didn't fit. I ordered up a size to the Large and it still wasn't a good fit, when typically I am a medium. I did however just go ahead and return it and ordered an XL. Overall, this is a cute dress but expect to have to order 1-2 sizes up from your regular size.
So, I'm 5'8 and a size Large in bottoms and XL in tops. I went with the 2XL since everyone said it runs small. The bottoms fit perfectly, but the top would fit a C cup at most. If the top fit, I'd give it 5 stars for sure. It is an adorable suit!
It was cute, but didn't fit like I thought it would so I haven't worn.
Fits and was true to color. However when I opened the sealed package, the skirt REAKED!! It smelled like seafood, fish.. something. It is absolutely putrid. Good enough for the photos I will be doing, but the smell is having me air this out for a few days prior. My GOD! At least put an air freshener inside.
I like this jacket but a bit big for me but I am short so it stands to reason. I should have ordered the Xl. I am keeping it though as wearing with leggings perhaps.
This is more of a pink than red. Too small for me due to my height. Fit my friend well who is about 5 inches shorter than I am.
Fits a little loose overall and fluffy but I used it and keep it anyways.
I thought these were trending joggers as pictures show but they run long. The material is very soft, but the thread quality is not that good.
Shorts aren't great quality, thin fabric and it's a rather rough fabric also. The white shorts are almost completely see through.
Over all cute style. I usually wear medium and this was too baggy. The draw string around the waist didn't look nice after I tied it. However the real reason I gave it 3 stars is because of the material. I was expecting a cotton maxi and this is a very fake feeling silky material that the color is only printed on the one side.
This is really cute but it's cut straight up and down. I'm normally an xs so I expected it to be loose (I got the small) but not only is it way too big, it's cut like a box shape. If you can sew or have someone to alter it, it could potentially be really cute.
Cool concept but cheap material. Strap attachments break easily.
I like this shirt but to large
it would be good if the socks went above the calf say to the knee so they dont slip down
Pretty just did not have the band support I was expecting.
Nice skirt but much too short for anyone to wear if they don't want their buttcheeks exposed!
It was shorter than expected.
They were much too tight in the sleeves. Would not puchase again for this reason.
Was expecting a blouse, rather than a t-shirt.
liked the cold shoulder look
Nice...... but fits small
Item was great bought it for my wedding. Did not come in time for my wedding. Sad that I wasn't able to wear on my wedding day
This product does well with hiding that your pants are open, but doesn't not help to hold your pants up.
Cute but tie and tail straps broke off during first wear. Be sure to reinforce glue before using.
Was trying to find an easy bra after shoulder surgery. Good quality but fit was off. Had to return
the straps aren't connected there are 3 chain you have to attach to the material no loops and they are uneven, 34DD it will serve its purpose for 1 night
The bikini top is kind of far apart... which I had a problem with... since my nipple keeps peeping out haha the set is super cute though. I threw it in the washer and it came out still in great quality.
Fit was ok, material was a little thin and did not offer the compression support expected. Looks good and fit ok, just not what I needed, will use for hiking on hot days as underwear.
My 8 year old wanted this. A little long but she likes it and wears it
I want to like this but it's just off. The front and the arms fit all wonky and it's just not doing it for me.
KInda cheap, sweatshirt material. Would not buy again but not worth returning.
They fit okay in the legs, but the waist part is a bit tight for my taste. Had to send back.
Nice but the ones that say a little color are am ugly color. Quality is good thought.
Didn't hang well sold it to a friend
My daughter loved how soft it was and will be wearing it for Halloween tomorrow, However, when we washed it, the white turned kind of grey, even after following the directions. I would advise putting in 2-3 of those color catching sheets with it during washing. It's cute and the right price for what it is.
Weak material, croch ripped at seam
Fit is good but the length is not as per the photo- its rather short
top was too big. bottom was just perfect. should have the option of selecting different size for top and bottom
Did not match the sizing.
Beautiful Color but could have used a small instead of medium.
Neckline of shirt received was different, kinda better looking in the picture.
I love the style its great but for a bigger bust; its not enough support
There was room in the top of the cup because there was no lift. Not worth sending back so I will keep just to wear around the house.
Socks are regular thickness. Described as thick, winter socks. they're not.
Good fit, but very thin and stretchy t-shirt material. Cannot be worn outside of your home in my opinion.
I ordered a large the top was a little too little but I'm big chested and the bottoms were too loose on the sides. Definitely do not recommend for big busted women.
A little bit smaller that any other top I purchased
I first came across this nursing/maternity tank when my sister-in-law lended me hers during my pregnancy. I liked it so much, I ordered this 3 pack. The good parts: Nice, versatile colors. They're very comfortable - I've been wearing them through my third trimester. The fit/support feels great on my growing belly, they're nice for layering, and they have an insert so they double as a bra. All good things. The downside: After washing them once (cold water, regular cycle, air dried) I noticed the inside seam under the bust is coming apart on all three tanks. I thought maybe I overstretched them, but I'm a size M non-pregnant and I ordered these in a L. One other downside is they get "pilly" after wearing them a couple times. Great overall, just wish they held up better past the first washing! I still plan on using them as nursing tanks if the seams aren't completely busted through, because they are super comfy.
The most is the style and the least that it is not true to size. The first one I ordered was a lg. Had to return it immediately and reordered a M. Medium actually was still a little large but did not want to go through the trouble of exchanging it again. It's a little big but doable.
A little uncomfortable & similar to paper
The 3 stars aren't because they're bad. No. They're really okay. They had this smell to them. For those who fixed cars, that smell of off market car parts. Yeah, it weird, but hey, they look nice. A little short. Definitely not the tie you do a full Windsor knot with.
It's made out of a cheap fleece like material, and the way it hugs your body looks weird
Updated: As expected they lasted one pool party. Oh well. Super cute...until they break anyway because they will. Super cheap but you get what you pay for I guess.
The waist ban need improvement
nice shirt but the sleeves don't stay folded like the picture in the ad.
I want to start off by saying the suit is exactly like the picture. I ordered the army green and it's perfect. Quality is good. Comfortable. Fit is good; however, the bottoms are not for my body type. I am a short waisted, curvy athletic build; 5'3”, 150lbs, 36D, 9/10 pant. I'm debating if I want to send it back or not. I loooove the top.
Decent quality but i ordered an x large, i am typically medium to large, and sleeves are long but small around the mid section.
I bought this dress in Navy and a mint/blue both same size (large) and they were about 3in different in width and length they navy fit like an XL and the mint fit like a M. I'm 5'6 and the navy large just to my ankles where the mint large looked like I was waiting for a flood.
While these are nice socks, they are very thick and have a very tight weave and so they're not ver stretchy. Had a great deal of trouble getting the bait with blue heel and toe over my heel — probably won't wear them again.
I kept it as I will fit it soon. I wish it was a more cottony material though
I'm 5'3", 135 lbs and purchased a M. Too small for my taste.
These run small. I would order the next size up than what you think!
The top was too tight and the bottom too loose. I returned due to fit
These seem pretty nice and I love the fun colors, but they are too short. I like leggings that go over my ankle and these are WAY above that. I'm 5'8" and have only a little bit longer than normal legs. If you like above the ankle leggings, these would be great.
Snap kept coming undone.
This was bigger than I was expecting and it is longer than I was expecting too. I ordered the white and am pleased that it is not see through. It is lined.
You get what you pay for I guess. It was quite large. I measured my son and ordered a size smaller than what he would usually wear, the jacket was so big around the waste and the material was not very nice. I did return it and ordered a different one.
....it is the perfect size. Unfortunately the 'Nubuck Yellow' is a very dull yellow not like the photo. I like the style so much I will exchange it. Update: ordered the ice yellow (3rd pic) and it's also not a true yellow. I'm so disappointed.
Love this print but runs small
I love the color and material but the waist moved up every time I moved
I only used the collar bow tie part for my Playboy Bunny costume. The cuffs were flimsy and had felt circles instead of real plastic buttons, so I purchased a separate pair of cuffs from another retailer. The collar was perfect and fit fine.
I wear a large in almost everything, rarely do I fit a medium because of my chest. This thing is super huge and baggy around the arms and chest area.
The fit on these was fine, though my son has thick feet. The quality is not really up to par. I have another brand of socks that have been holding up much better. These are all pilled and look really old after a couple of washings. They aren't horrible, but they are cheaply made.
My biggest issue with this gown is that it was uncomfortably short. When one is lounging on the couch nursing a newborn, it's not really nice to worry about whether or not you are flashing everyone your mesh undies. They are a nice weight and the fabric is soft. I just wish that they were at least half a foot longer.
Fabric very thin... way longer than I expected, but picture length seems accurate.....Just didn't hang right for me, and the large I got which should have been plenty was tight at the top....the bottom is flowy but not too much. Just not what I wanted.
The tank is just "ok" due to the following things - it runs so small! I saw the other reviews and order an XL versus my normal M or L and it is skin tight on me. I also don't care for the ruching at the top between the breasts... it's hard to tell from the pictures, but this makes it completely useless as a tank under a open cardigan, etc (as opposed to other nursing tanks that are just flat across the front). The pads inside them also bunch and move weirdly making your breasts look lumpy. I'm keeping them to avoid the hassle of a return, but I would not have bought these had I seen them in store first.
fit was a bit small.
They look fine, but don't know how well they will perform in warmth or durability yet.
I like it but its not exactly as pictured. I ordered XL. Length of the dress is not completely to the floor but I'll just go with it, i am 5'7”. But straps are not wide at all. It is folded in half and sewn and it look like it need to be one ply to work it as pictured.
Looked like a good product but was too small.
These were oddly shaped, not what I expected and weird getting used to. Not my favorite but gets the job done
Great fit to the body
the delivery service
Looks nice and like it should be expensive but very was affordable but the only problem is that the belt buckle/gold part could have been a little bigger.
very thin will not wear
They are comfortable and a bit strange at first. The only issue is that I received 2 and not 4.
I did not care for the look or feel of this
Product was delivered with lots of wrinkles. Needs much better packaging
Very comfortable but not flattering after a baby. I ordered them because they came up under my postpartum search. They give me a lumpy look under my clothes
Looks like a men's undershirt
I was so happy about receiving this item especially since it was only 25$ for a scrub set but unfortunately it was too good to be true. First I expected the fabric to be the stretchy fabric, not the canvas. Second I ordered my size that I wear didn't size up or down since everyone said it was “True To Size”. For my fat bottomed girls it is definitely not true to size. Has absolutely no room for any type of stretch I usually wear an xl in scrub bottoms but got a 2xl bc I pack in the trunk. And they were so tight around my thighs and butt. I could barely sit down. They fit perfect in the waist album the legs were so dang long since I ordered up. This give absolutely not a single ounce of stretch.
I have this same bra in a couple colors but this one fits smaller than the others. Size up ladies.
I really wanted to love this hat, but it kept falling down on my face.
Great quality fabric but shorter than expected. The bottom is cut like a circle so the length they give isn't accurate. It's a few inches shorter. This is frustrating for people who have standards and don't want their knees to show
for the price they worked great! A couple pairs I only got one use before they ripped (a tad bit on the small side). The are also a bit thin aswell. i reccomend spend a few extra $ to get a better quality pair
Really pretty but ran a little small
These tee shirts are a bit bulky not ideal under a dress shirt I bought them to do yardwork and they do the trick I go through so many tee shirts that these are the ones that I don't worry about stretching or staining A few issues with loose threads but would rather have four of these than one Calvin Klein
This was described as PINK color and even looked pink in the picture, however, it is a CORAL color. Love the pattern of the top, not so much teh bottom. The top fit as expected although it is a little too long for me. The bottom was too big. I'm 5' 2" and weigh 115 lb. I ordered the M, as that is the normal size I wear. A feel that a Small would have been too small on the top, but probably the right size on the bottom.
This was purchased for my 5'9", 15 year old girl, who wanted to actually look like Peter Pan to accompany her sister's Tinker Bell. Only one person recognized her as Peter Pan. More thought she was Robin Hood. Several said she was an elf. Whatever. The costume is what I would expect for the money, but I have no idea how a man would wear it. I bought a men's small.
Soft and warm. Washed up well! UPDATED after a year and about 5 wears: They have some real pilling issues (washed in gentle cycle, alone, and dried flat). I am currently looking for some replacements and wouldn't buy these again. They were really warm but just haven't lasted very well.
I bought it for my 5 year-old daughter. The face cover doesn't work because it's too low
WAAAAYYYYY too short! I'm 5'8 and these fall At least 2 -3 inches to high above my ankle. I'm not happy. They are shinny and thick and the material is very uncomfortable.
Dress is cute, but mine didnt come with a belt. I'm trying to locate how to contract the seller to see if I can get one. I may change my review stars if I do.
depending on how you hold your head it look like big S's I don't think I could justify paying $11 for a scarf
Wig looks better in person. Have to reinforce ears to keep them up. But cool product anyways.
A lot longer than expected. Would work great with a dress but not as an undershirt. Had to fold it over.
I liked the fabric and it was pretty but not as pictured. The sleeves were totally plain (same length). And the length was several inches above my knee. Super sad because this was the dress I actually looked forward to for once in a long time. I'd be happy in updating my review if I can get what thought I would be.
These are definitely not for high impact. MY breasts feel like that move around like crazy in them. I also dislike how the pad is removable and the way it is makes your breasts look awkward and very pointy.
The material is very thin. It seems as though it will stretch very easily. I'm worried that it will tear in the washing machine.
Just got mine today and several things about it we're off. 1) it had no tags or markings so it was really difficult to tell which was a front and back. I definitely put the pants on the wrong direction the first time. 2) the fabric is on the most amazing. If you actually fit the fabric is in a big deal but it does feel a little bit like costume fabric. 3) though I know my measurements this product definitely ran a little small and does not fit like the photo unless you have that exact body type.
My boobs aren't so perky, so it truly didn't do much for my breast. If your boobs have a bit of sag, please don't buy.
fits small and the material is like dry fit material, very snug.
Great product just a little snug. Wish they had bigger sizes
i received the wrong size but it need up begin just fine. They fit better than original sized ordered
arm holes are too big
They fit just right I just didn't like that the bag was open
The top is very low cut and does not much support.
The fit for this romper is awesome. I deducted stars because I got the navy stripe print. The lines are all wonky on my butt- the floral looks like it would be better. Also the material is a little shinier and less cotton like than I expected.
I ordered xl. Feels more like a lrg in the chest. It will do for gym time
These work fine if put inside a hard-cupped bra. But they don't have much of a natural shape (I saw they were triangular in the pics, but the curve is not particularly natural, and is amplified if you've got A-cup breasts). The sticky material sticks pretty strongly, it can be removed without damage but you've only got a handful of attempts before reusability becomes an issue. Material seems pretty good, but again, it needs to be put in a fairly sturdy cup.
Love the fabric. One place in shoulder that is t seen, but easy to fix.
Doesn't stick very well
the blouse cloth is not big enough for big womens . and the cloth is very thin . it will tear from the stiching point . only sari is good . its very light but beautiful look . if you are looking for light nice looking party sari this is good looking
The style was cute and the material was nice. I ordered up a size and it was still too small. I am a medium and ordered up and had to return. The material when stretched distorted the pattern and was very noticeable. I'm also pretty short 5'3” and it was very short.
Nice color, but very thin fabric that wrinkles if you look at it the wrong way. I ordered the plus size and I really wouldn't recommend it fir any plus sized woman if you have noticeable lumps, bumps, and or rolls as the fabric is incredibly unforgiving and accentuates my bad areas. I have to wear the ones I bought with a cardigan or scarf etc to look decent.
Very soft. But they came with a hole in them; however, since I bought them for a one time use I don't have time to return.
Daughter took them off after 10 minutes. Complained of material. I tried to wear them and they were too tight for my comfort but I also wasnt a fan of material
It fits true to size but it is shorter than I expected, wish it was a little longer.
Pretty nice socks especially for the price
Dress was to short for my liking I'm 5'8" had to keep pulling it down.
Runs a little small. Once you snap the inner buttons and the outer buttons it fits very snugly. Didn't like that. And baby grew out of them faster than other products. I did like the side snaps when baby was real new as getting onesies over the head was a struggle. I wish these came in colors other than grey. Material on the medium thickness side. An ok product.
loved material color that I could not find else where in beige, Was very very small and took apart and altered, would not have spent the money, if it wasn't an important event that had to be matched exactly. Probably 5 sizes smaller , really
It's larger than I expected. I purchased this shirt to easily nurse on an airplane. I ended up showing wayyy more bra than I'd anticipated because the shirt fell open due to size.
Fit as expected but material is itchy! Will not buy again.
T-shirt feel, but comfortable and light. Perfect when it is humid and looking for soft and breathable comfort.
Really cute but it comes too small and the gem is loose! Mine was hanging by a thin thread I had to sew it myself.
Size is too small (by at least one size), and I went by the size chart. If it shrinks at all, sleeves will be too short as well as length. Size up if you're not sure.
Very tight and I'm 5'4 106 lbs
need did receive my gloves with it
After having it for 3 months the hinge on the belt buckle broke and the buckle separated. I liked the belt and the ease of buckling/adjusting, but was disappointed that it broke so soon. Otherwise would easily have been a 5 star review. Could not find the manufacturer on Amazon to report the break. I am pretty sure they would have made it right.
Soft. One arrived with a hole.
Don't like the material of the print
I would give this vest a 5 star rating for softness, color and length. However, there are two design flaws with this vest. One, the arm holes are abnormally small. Second, the inside liner that starts at the zipper and goes approximately 5 inches in is too short so it kind of rolls in towards the zipper giving it a rolled appearance.
This top was not loose fitting like the picture. Still a cute top just not what I was wanting.
My daughter has put it on twice and the seems are already separating. The look of the costume is pretty good, it's just not holding up. There are holes in the finger seems and along the back.
It's ok. Fits well but seam lays weird at the pooch
This is really cute but the only color left in my size was the pink. It looks like I'm wearing pajamas so I have to return it! If I could've got it in a darker color it would've been fine.
I'm 5'7 and the tights came right above my knee. Not where I would like them to hit, but overall happy.
They fit well, but a hole developed after two washes. Disappointing.
This dress is not white it's like an ivory vanilla it looks white by itself but when you compare it to a true white dress it's not white. I got the size 1 to 2 for my two-year-old and it fit her great but she's petite and most of these dresses that are size this way are big on her so I would say this runs small.
So it looks great. But there is no hole in the middle. I feel that is a must in mens underwear. I mean WHY NOT have it?
Awful quality. Don't buy. Product is terrible.
Fit was very large (ordered smallest size).
I got a My size but it looked like a crop top! I suggest to get a size up!! Overall it was soft
They were just OK. The did keep my nipple erections hidden, but they felt weird on my boobs. Also, my husband did not care for them, he said let them stick out, they look great.
shorter than expected
Really cute and fit well but both straps ripped through after first wash. I can repair It, but I'm a little disappointed since it seemed to be made of better quality fabric. Maybe it got tangled in the washer?
Over all you get what you paid for.
Went off the measurement charge but no luck, too bit to do the job.
The lining of the suit is too much and when bending over or in the water, the top comes up and all you see is the sheer lining Beautiful otherwise but I will never wear it. Very disappointed.
Image printed on shirt is poorly applied, somewhat peeling/fading. Overall still like the shirt!
Cute sweater. Thinner than expected. Quality not as good as advertisement.
I use it as a bathing suit cover. Its cute but flawed. the bust is way too big and doesn't have a button. The slit is directly in the front so when you sit down, you flash the world
I ended up returning because they were too thin, like panty hose material, and not supportive. I was also afraid they'd tear after multiple uses
These socks are cute, they just are not the ones i ordered. I did not want to take the trouble to send them back to exchange.
The color is a little bit darker and it fits a little bit big and is a little bit longer than expected
Overall the dress was beautiful the only issue we had was the back was loose so we had to pin it up so that it would not look so loose!
These were very small for an x-large which is what I usually wear. The stretch was minimal. I've given them to someone else who should be able to use them and she was very excited about the pockets ... which is why I bought them in the first place. Not sure if I want to try a larger size because the x-large was so small and tight. It would have cost me $6 to have them picked up to return since I cannot get out to stores and such for the free return.
The quality was good, but as far as sizing goes it's way off. I'm a 38 waist and I bought a 40 just to be on the safe side, but they fit super tight around the waist and thighs. I end up returning them for a refund.
This pullover is super soft and really looks good. I love the material and the stitching are well made. I would prefer though to have the lining a little bit thicker and more fitted.
I like the look of this top, but it is definitely not soft. Thin scratchy material ~ but I layer it over something more comfortable an it still looks cute.
These pants fit a little small or it could be that I'm just getting bigger probably the latter is the truth
About what I would normally pay turn off the shelf felt but decided to buy through Amazon. I had to leave this belt outside for three days until stop smelling. Looks fine, fits fine. Just a horrific smell for the first few days.
Very nicely made, just a lot thicker than I would have liked
Nice shirt just didn't match the outfit it was meant for.
It fits well around the waist and the built in jock is comfortable, but the fit around the legs is very loose. When I squat the material on the back hangs and you can see the jock straps and part of my ass. I attempted to shrink them in the wash and its slightly better. Might have to wear the jock as a thong to keep the straps from showing or hanging out.
Got a lot of good feedback on the dress, however when it arrived, there was a yellow-ish plaster like stain on the back. Also, the material is very static-y and cheap feeling.
I wear a size medium comfortably in most shirts. I bought a large just in case and it was too tight, almost like it was a compression shirt. If I was to buy again, I'd have to consider getting an XL. The fabric was pretty thick, which is a double edged sword because while it would hold up against tears and wouldn't become see-through while you sweat, it would be far too thick to stay comfortable in the Texas sun.
This shirt is true to size. I like the shirt, but not the best quality fabric.
I really like it but even though I ordered a size up it fits a little to close for me.
This is bigger than you think so keep that in mind also know that you can make it smalller by tightening it but it doesn't tighten a lot so also keep that in mind when buying this product.
Pretty. I have large arms and ripped it trying it on :( I couldn't use it for the party I bought it for. Very thin material but could've served it's purpose if it hadn't ripped. Tight chest area.
I washed it immediately so my daughter could wear it and the skirt faded so horribly the black didn't even match the shirt any longer it looked like it wasn't new at all more like years old. Super bummed. I returned it.
This was too large for me and I had to sow it and even so, when I swam for an hour, the top started becoming flimsy but this may have been my fault since I ordered a size up.
Broke within a few months
Not impressed with the fabric. But the dress does fit well
This is cute, not high quality, but definitely worth the price paid. Would purchase something similar to casually kick around in.
I ordered a 3X and it's too small and the buttons will pop off. I wear a 14/16 and the 3X is too tight in the chest/stomach. I ordered my first jumper just to have the left button pop off before I left my house. The replacement had the right button pop off about an hour in to my day. It's made out of comfortable but cheap material & they will not last long.
I usually don't leave reviews but this is one I want to point out as I didn't see it anywhere else. This is greatly supportive. I'm a strange size of 42DDD and this keeps me in and up where as many cut off circulation or I swing so much I question if I put a bra on. I wore the teal one today but the white has it too (didn't look at the other two). Those pesky pads that flip and fold in the wash and pretend to keep a hard nipple from showing? Ya those show. I don't mean my nipple showed no I mean you can see exactly where that pad is through the fabric and I can tell where my nipple is if its removed. This is great for those who wear shirts but if you workout in just a bra you may want to reconsider? Maybe?
It's a nice quality chain but much too long. I'm 5' 1" and it hung down a few inches above my belly button. I tried to knot it but the chain does not knot well
Decent quality but runs a little small. Will be returning
It didnt stay inside my swimsuit.
good delivery, front and back pattern don't line up, to large
The shirts were advertised as tagless - but had itchy tags. Fit was good. We'll see how they hold up after many washings.
Not as pictured (all plastic, no wood) but it will work. Came with paint chipped off on the face, easily repainted though.
Purchased for adults, gave to children because of size.
Ordered a couple pairs a couple months ago and loved them. Ordered two new colors and the blue ones have 2 holes in them and i haven't even worn them. Of course they're at the inner thigh where they're going to get worn down and eventually rip more. Pretty disappointed as I do love these work out pants, but now i'm hesitant on ordering them anymore.
Didnt fit right, returned
The fabric is kind of ripped and torn. It's not bad enough to return, but damaged. For the price, it's fine. IT IS cute.
Love the color. I am 5'3" and it was much shorter than anticipated per pictures. It is also smaller than anticipated. Bought 2 different brands, same size, one fit, this one did not. Wanted to tone up anyways :)
Runs small. Should of went one size up
Shorter than the picture
The shirt itself is great. I wear small/medium and I purchased a large just in case. It's tight. It will be a miracle if I survive the night without pulling an Incredible Hulk.
This is definitely too short in the body length. My husband is 6 feet tall and 210 lbs, and the XL had enough room at the waist, but was just too short in the body.
Fits very well but it was already torn by the third time I used it.
Nice suit but definitely runs small
Product arrived as described; however, the first time I wore it one of the beads on the end of the tie fell off. Seems a bit cheaply made. Received email from seller requesting feedback and described my issue. Seller said they would be credited me back a percentage of my purchase for the defect; however, no refund was ever received. Note to seller: keep your word and you will gain and keep loyal customers. Follow through is huge for me. Overall, it is a cute cover-up.
The top is a bit big, but the bottoms fit pretty nicely. I ordered a small and I'm a 32 c and too large, otherwise it was as expected.
It's a perfect dress as is the other one I bought, Unfortunately the material is just too hot for Summer. Maybe when the Fall starts, it will be more wearable
I'm 5'10", 170 lbs and found the fit too tight. I think after washing the shirt would be impossible. So unless you want skin tight order a size up.
I like the dress, is cute. I order 1 size up because of the reviews and actually is Little big for me. I am a little sad 😔
Beautiful dress but bow fell off
It's a super cute dress! I only gave it a 3 because it's SMELLS. I washed it today- received it yesterday, and when I pulled it out of the wash it smelt better. I let it hang dry in my closet and OMG about 5 hours later my closet reeked of the stench. Like rotten fish. It had come back. I'll wash it a few more times. Fingers crossed. But aside from the stink it's really cute. I bought a 3t because I wanted it to fit and not be big. My 2.5 year old usually wears 3t. This fit her perfect.
Thin material, graphics is as pictured and looks really good. Only issue I have is the pocket had a hole in the seam before it was even worn.
I love the dress with the laces back but I'm not too pleased about the color. The picture is like a wine red the dress came in as a fire engine red not what I wanted at all. My matieral seems somewhat on the cheap side as well but over all it is cute I would wear it with a cute cardigan at a Christmas party or something.
The top is large; the pants are tight. Cute outfit but if I had seen it in the store, I wouldn't have bought it. The material is cheap. Would not recommend.
Loved the robe till I washed it and ordered one for my daughter. After washing it was impossible to get the trim around the front and neck to lie or iron flat. The fabric was cut on the bias which is wrong for the construction and a shame because it's so beautiful and comfy. Will keep anyway.
It's an ok shirt but the color of the shirt in picture is not the color the shirt is.
The design of the shirt feels very cheap. The lettering started cracking after being worn once.
Love it but I went by the size chart and it was too large on both the waist and the shoulders. The straps were falling off. Also it was too poofy.
I like it, very pretty, although I wanted more noise when hips are moving.
I was looking for Classroom Brand pants but these are not the Brand Classroom. They were to small.
Not ment for small busted women. It's a shame.
Nice product, however is runs extremely small. Knowing it is a body suit, I sized up to a large even though I routinely wear a medium thinking it would give me some room. It did not. Honestly, I could have probably bought a xxl and it would fit better.
Well made and is adjustable with the buckle, but if you don't have a big head, you'll look like an alien with a huge, oddly shaped head.
Cheap just like price. my bad
It is even better than I expected. Only received them today. Will see how long they last
Their sizing is off.
They're ok. The bottoms feel cheap and they are snug. I would not buy again.
I really like the look of this style of watchband and I've been buying these from a few different manufacturers for probably 6 years or so, and the *look* of this band certainly compares with my previous purchases. My primary issue/frustration with them is that the leather straps that become buckled in place are the weakest part of the watchband and often fail/break at the clasp and/or the holes where the clasp buckle pin goes into the hole. These bands have generally not lasted much more than a year to a year and a half and you do not want to wear them if you expect to be sweating a lot, or the black comes off on your wrist and the leather straps become stretched. The attached picture shows the straps after just 2 1/2 weeks of wearing...no extreme weather exposure, sweating, etc., and they have already begun to stretch. Also, note that the exterior straps and buckles are different sizes and thicknesses to the center strap and buckle and they are more difficult to thread thru the clasp due to their smaller size. I wouldn't mind paying a bit more for a better quality of (stitched) leather and clasps.
I would have rated this 5 if it was not made for a 6 foot woman. I had to hem it. I am 5'4” and was stepping on it.
Not as good quality as I've bought before here on Amazon. They're just okay, not impressive.
Runs a little big but very cute top!
Came with a small hole in seam but product is still good
A little short for my long torso
I loved this jacket; real cozy and cute, it just came with a HUGE hole in the armpit area. i had to return it. but the style and size was so cute. i will reorder and hopefully the next one won't have a huge hole.
It was to small, returned it.
I had to gift it to a friend, it was way to large
I ordered a medium which is what I normally am and it was HUGE. I did some tightening and was able to get it to be more "flattering". The quality is pretty cheap, but I guess that's what I get for the price. The clasp also is really hard to keep shut, so I would suggest sewing it together instead of having a clasp.
It's ok, Not as shiny as I wish it was.
It's kind of cheaply made, it won't last long. Still my husband loves it on me.
It fits a bit big, very comfortable material though!
3 stars because I only received 3 out of the 4 panties.
Wanted to like this but it fit weird in the chest. Also the straps need to be tighter, they were stretchy. Ended up returning.
The tuxedo was absolutely gorgeous. It was the perfect fit but it was made of poor quality. Halfway through the night my son's pants ripped from the top of his leg to the knee. We had to take him home to change. He missed a good portion of the night 🙁
I love this piece. However, it attracts a ton of static. Therefore, it was kind of hard to wear. I'm keeping it & will give it another try. I wore it one night and it constantly fell off my shoulders and when I would put it back on, there was a ton of static before I could put it on again. Arrived on time. Good packaging.
These fit as expected. Wish they were wrinkle free.
The skirt does not flare out at the bottom like the picture shows, it is just straight, but the material is beautiful.
not as soft as I hoped
The scarf is sooo warm! I am overall happy with the purchase, even though the hat covers my eyes and the wool is a bit scratchy.
I bought these socks because my other socks would pull off my heel and go down into my shoes...I thought with the elastic on the backs of these, that wouldn't happen, so I am a bit disappointed and not wearing them either...They may work for you...but I really needed something that wouldn't slip.
does not look like picture. I returned
Great shirt except there was a sticker on it and it is missing ink where I removed it. 2 hour round trip to our only UPS store. Oh yeah, and I am disabled and don't drive. Keeping it and using fabric paint to fix it myself. AWESOME idea for a shirt. It goes perfectly with my brother's Brando impression.
The size is very small. I ordered a size up just in case and it still ended up being too small. The problem isn't the length or width...it is the arms. I do not find myself to be muscular but it was skin tight. The rest of the sizing was accurate except for that part. Please go up in size if you have muscles.
They run small and have a weird fit.
Dress is cute but unfortunately it is not white. I purchased a medium (which is what size I always wear, my size doesn't deviate). Dress does fit and I have no problems zipping it up, but I would definitely consider it a small medium. I'm going to return it and probably order a different color for another event, as my current event calls for WHITE.
These are pretty thin shirts. If you don't wear anything underneath, they are see through. Like a wet T-shirt.
I ended up cutting it in half cause the shorts were too big.
I like the overall size of the wallet and the look/feel. I only gave three stars because the plastic card slots have torn out very easily and the zipper has separated several times.
Product is nice and soft but, not as soft as I was hoping. It kept me warm but I feel other brands keep me warmer.
Color is nice but thin
The swimsuit was nice it just didn't personally fit me correctly because I have a longer torso.
I knew from the reviews it would fit small but it fits really small. I loved it on the picture and my daughter begged me to get it for her party. I think I'll have it cut to below the knee to give it a fuller look.
Sweatshirt is nice, but they sent the wrong size. It sort of fits and I don't want to go through the trouble of returning it since it was my sons birthday present and I didn't notice it was the wrong size until I gave it to him.
This costume is cute but it's GIANT! You can fit a 2 year old toddler in it.. and I got the newborn size. Oh well, maybe in 2 years he can wear it to play in. It's also a super thin, cheap fabric.
XL fit more like a Large and it was tight across the bust - heck, it was a little tight everywhere. If you are not too picky, this is a great price, but I prefer those recognizable outerwear brands that really know what they are doing with fit and materials. If you really want Patagonia, Marmot, or Outdoor Research buy it on sale and don't waste your time.
cute but runs small I am 160 lbs and I think an XL would have been a better fit
Got what we expected. The inner ring is rough and stiff-wicker type. We covered it with moleskin (for shoes) and it was fine.
This cover up is cute and soft with a beautiful teal color. There are ties on the sides to make it tighter or baggier depending on your preference. However I am disappointed because it is way too short in the front as it barely passes my hips. Definitely not like the picture shows. I'll still keep it to use, but I was hoping for a bit more length. As a reference I am 5'3" 130lbs.
The material is thin and transparent. The threading is already loose prior to wear. They are comfortable otherwise.
I am pear shaped, the waist stands way out on me, in the back
It's going to work for now. I bought an XS and it fits fine. However, the side slits to reach into your pockets bulge open a bit and show some of my pants. So, maybe it doesn't fit as well as I think. Maybe my hips are a bit out of proportion with my chest. I should have gotten a small to prevent the side slits from bulging. I would return it, but I need to use it ASAP and it was cheap. Also, the threading isn't done very well. There are quite a few loose threads on the coat. If I knew I'd get this item, I would've purchased from a different brand.
The dress is very short and comes up very high in the neck. Its cute if u want 2 wear it with leggings but too short as a dress..Im 5'5, 140 lbs., 36C and i bought a small, id buy a medium if i got another one...its an ok buy for the price.
Costume was well made but sizes are a bit off. Light blue undershirt is VERY tight and doesn't allow for ANY movement.
went to use them for the first time, and when pulling them up slowly the sock material ripped. now I have small holes in 2 different colors socks. love the compression, but disappointed that I have 2 small holes in the material.
Liked the fit. Still being assessed.
Got these for my girlfriend for a trip to the beach and on the boat. They are just okay. She didn't like the quality. They are more for bedroom play than public use. Cheap but you get what you pay for. If you want something to wear out to the beach or boat, pay a little more.
Too loose at the top nice swim suit but can't wear
I'm not sure how anyone other than a very perky A cup could wear this. I ordered a medium and it was obscene. I'm a 32D. I might try again with a large as it's a darling suit.
They run very small. Would get a size bigger. I did like the colors.
These are very long. I'm 5' 10" and they sit well above my hip bones. Don't buy if you like low rider type.
Very awkward. If you have no chest, this may work for you. On me it pulls the top tight and makes it very see through. The rest of the dress fit fine so it does not make sense to get a larger size. Also came with a hole in the left pocket.
The bottom portion would not fit over my hips. I had to pull the sides and break the stitching to get it to go on. That was easy, it tore the stitching when I tugged it. After that it was perfect!
Too small but ordered a different pair
The material was lighter than expected and it was in fact a little larger, I ordered a medium and I should have ordered a small for my 8 year old. He's tall so was hoping it would fit better..on the positive side he can use it thru this coming fall/winter.
It's very cute but like another reviewer said it's really big on top. I had to use safety pins to pull the straps up in the back.
Okay shirt. Nylon texture is a little too silky, but so are many of the competition
Would give more stars if it wasn't so big. For sure order smaller than you think you need. The quality is good
This is not made really well. The stitching is fine amd the fabric is ok but the zipper is monstrously large, like a zipper for a big duffel bag, and the size is way smaller than it should fit
It is a beautiful set, and fit as expected. But after few times I washed it, it seemed to shrink a little bit. I also thought it will be thicker and warmer for the winter, but it is not fit for cold days.
Main picture makes it look like you get doubles of each tape but you don't. Tapes look fine but took awhile to come in.
I bought my typical size (medium) and my butt cheeks were hanging out. I'm 5'5 175 lbs for reference. I liked the material, it's a bit stretchy which is nice but it was way too short for me
Not great. Very cheaply made and fits a bit small.
Definitely buy a size up, especially if you have a chest. Love the color- will give as a gift to a friend and purchase a size up for me.
Bought this dress for my baby shower in a few weeks! Super comfy and cute! Only downfall is the strong smell and the color is off. I am 5'3, 190 lbs, and 7 months pregnant and got an XL.
Great material. Only giving this 3 stars because sizes run small. Buy a size larger. Measurements were not accurate
I ordered the white dress for my anniversary party. The fabric is very thin. One swipe of a wedding ring will rip it open. I would compare the fabric to umbrella material. The dress was very see-through. I realize white fabric will have some element of transparency, but this was really see-through. Undergarments, no matter what color are very obvious with the white dress.
Isn't the same red at all. I don't mind it, it's just not that kind of faded burgundy in the picture.
Quality is not great with this kimono. Not worth the money.
Not a good quality product
Works well with the dress I bought, but it does fall apart easily. I had to see some of the layers back together.
Nice product, although is a little expensive for its quality
Too small. I need to have small breasts to fit into it
Let me start with the purple is lighter than the color in the picture. Otherwise, no issues. It was comfortable material. Good length. Fit well (not baggy).
Very cheap. Never wore it
Very thin and not the quality I purchased previously.
Just okay. Quality is not great, but fit as expected.
Item is very cute but way smaller the pictured or expected wanted to use as Easter basket here we are Easter night with no basket fitting everything in this Barbie sized bag but still cute
green lits come offf,wearing or put in dryer.
Bought this for my Adult son......he does not like because it seems flimsy but for the money its ok.
I don't see how these are supposed to fit women up to size 11 shoe. Way too small and not tall enough.
So this is actually better quality than I expected for the price and it looks great on. I'm only giving 3 stars because I ordered according to the size chart and reviews and it's not long enough. Granted I do have a long torso, but if I ordered a larger size the rest wouldn't fit right. So, just know that this isn't intended for women with long torsos.
I didn't get the color I order, also they smelled strong like cigarettes. I don't smoke and I am very allergic to the smell. I'm hoping airing them out will help with the horrible smell
These are easy to use because of the stirrup style and not that noticeable once you get used to them but after a few weeks on of the clips started to become looser than the others and comes in clipped all the time. Then the others started doing the same thing. If the clips would stay tighter than this would be a great system but because they loose their grip strength I would not buy again and I have ordered another design.
Thought they were FR
I just ordered these PJs for my nephew and when the item arrived, one of the pants leg was shorter than the other.
number of credit cards it will hold is limited and access to them is not easy without stripping out the other cards. Difficult to get to cash
Shirt fits just fine however it feels like sandpaper. I had to wear a shirt under it.
The suit itself is cute and the color is great. BUT the built in cups are probably big enough for nothing more than a C-cup, unless the underwire is through the middle of the breasts. Very disappointed.
I'd give a review if I could. Package delivered to wrong house! Picture of front door where it was left is not our front door?!?!
The quality is nice and it's cute, but it slides around a lot. I wouldn't wear it for long periods of time.
The wallet itself is beautiful and well made, but the plastic insert where you keep a majority of your ID and things is severely lacking. The insert that comes with the wallet has a very short tongue (the part that keeps the insert in the wallet), so every time you open the wallet, the plastic insert with all your stuff in it wants to come out of the wallet. This is a real pain and in order to keep the wallet, I'm looking for a replacement insert.
I ordered two pairs, white and tye die. The tye-die fitted perfect but the white pair was too big. I was disappointed in the white as I wanted to take them on a cruise next week.
It was okay. The packaging was dusty and looked old.
The outfit was a little loose in the waist area but very cute. The material was cheap and see through
I disliked the color and fit.
The top is great. I am 5'10" 200lbs and wear a 12 womens. The bottoms are just too tight for my personal taste. I don't like the way they fit. I am keeping the top though and will wear with different bottoms. I think the other bottoms with the ruching would have been better for me :)
I wear a Medium in most things but ordered a Large for an oversized fit. It still is pretty small and not oversized at all.
It will keep your head warm but breathing through the mask is extremely difficult.
sad they are too small. very cute and seem comfortable.
These are the type of underwear that sit up too high. The material is fake so it doesn't feel as nice. They definitely don't look as nice as the picture.
I liked the product but legs are bit too small. The lace edging isn't as comfy as we'd hoped. If the legs were just a plain material they'd be great.
extra large, this fit but the color did not suit me
The material isn't like the picture. It's almost sheer. And it's much bigger than I expected.
It's ok... I guess my Wranglers are a better fit
It doesn't lay well ... not particularly flattering.
Really cute but my daughter just yanks them off
I got a 2XL and it was kinda small. Normally my clothes is size XL.
Could be more tight and snug around the stomach area, but much better than others I've tired. Good price and quality. Overall, happy with it.
3 out 5 in quality. Tight fit
Makes your hair super staticy
very cute but if you're looking to wear as a dress too short in the front
I thought because I lost 20 pounds, the 2XL should fit since that was my general size before I lost weight. The arms were fine, but it would not zip over my chest.
I guess that because the material is a blend, that these gloves are somewhat "sheer" when put on. I was really looking for something more substantial. Otherwise they seem to be made well.
This ridiculous skirt is TINY, size is way off. If you are over 5' tall and over 140 pounds this skirt is not for you. It looks cute buy is very tight around the waist. I hated it while I wore it. Never again.
Rather thin and flimsy
Fast shipping. The bow tie is very small and torn within the hour.
Had to return it. Too small for husband, and he did not like the shades of brown. It was a nice belt from what we could tell, though.
Meh. This isn't nearly as flowy as I expected it to be. It's sort of OK. I don't dislike it enough to return it but I doubt that I'll wear it very often.
It looked really good on the website but, just okay when my daughter wore it. The issue I saw is after one wash the top lost all it's 'new sparkle'. It just looks like a very old dress now.
Looked attractive and was well made. But it was way big, so had to return it
This was a strange fit, It was more of an empire waist which made it look strange. It worked for the situation though given the price point.
Small sleeves and tight
It seemed like a nice enough sweatshirt, but 3T was for a very short torso. Had to give away so don't know how it washes. Good color blue and red. Bought the 4T too, that one seemed better proportioned.
The shirt was a much brighter yellow then the picture, and the color of George is off
The lining stops mid-thigh. I will keep it, but only as a beach cover-up. It's pretty sheer.
The material is cheap but will definitely do for the event
advertised as a womens watch but ended up with mens watches they are nice but not what I wanted
The material is nice. The cut is a tad tight but marginally acceptable. I like the color/pattern and it seems to be well constructed. However, the length is too short.
Ordered a larger size and still too small.
Needed for back support. Helps during the day when actively picking things up , cleaning, etc....
I like bien it's exactly like the pictures but it does runs small. It should come in different sizes.
Picture shows cotton black/grey, received polyester type material and they are shades of blue. One is a blue camo print. Definitely not what is pictured.
I like the t-shirt but the size it says is smaller than expected. If anyone purchases this make sure to get a size bigger.
Brought for myself, couldn't get my hands in. Fitted my 12 yr old granddaughter perfectly.
Item was returned for a refund
Nice shirt, looked like picture. However, I was very disappointed with how long it took to receive the item. It took about 3 weeks to receive the item. I wasn't sure why it was marked as prime when it took 3 weeks to receive.
I bought these for post baby. If your a mom, you'll know why lol. It held feminine products well and they are comfortable. Im giving it 3 stars because along the edges on the top where the added detail is, ripped. Theirs about 1-2 holes on each one. But they are still usable for what they were bought for
The gloves were not what I expected. It felt small and tight and not huggable like I expected. I found myself tugging on the gloves to keep them up. The head band was cute as well as the pearls.
I need a size smaller .. what should i do return this one and order another one or can u just send me a size smaller and return this one.. they are telling the day to return dis one 4 of july which is way too far
Overall this is a cute thin cardigan. It's not something thing that will last a long time but it's decent for the price. My main complaint is the fabric doesn't match on the edging. One side is grey and the other is red. I don't mind the stripes being different on each side. I do mind it being so drastic on the edges.
While this costume was cute, it was not the same as the one pictured. The hat was way too big, and would not stay on my son's head properly. His pants kept falling down, so I safety pinned them to his shirt. The shirt fit very well.
Was not fond of the camel background. It looked like a dirty greyish color. My fault for not looking at it more closely.The service was excellent, though.
I order this sweater in a small & I really do love it as it's comfortable & nice however the sleeves are way to long for me & also big for a small
Nice but a little small and tight. I wear a 101/2 size shoe.
Overall i like the dress. The colors are bold and nice. It would be nice if waistline was defined a bit more, but I guess that is what the belt is for. normally purchase M/L and for this I purchased a medium. I am 5'6 1/2, 182 lbs and i think a small would have fit me better. The dress was shipped quickly which was a plus. I won't have time to alter the length for this first wear, but will probably have it done for any future needs.
Shirt appears to be well made as well as logo design and quality. Ordered an XL and this would easily fit a medium but would be tight for a large and length would be difficult to tuck into waist.
Not as big as it looks in the picture, but still wearable.
The strings on the durag are way to long
I like this dress a lot but I'm a size 4 in dresses and this ran tight in chest underarm area. Size up for sure!
It was cute but way way way too small
I ordered a size up... love the feel of the fabric, well made. Lightweight and appears delicate (as expected) so I'll probably hand was these... definitely no heat. My reason for three stars is that, despite the larger size, the rise is a bit low in the back if you have a butt. If they were even an inch more generous in the back I would have jumped it to 5.
ok hat for material but higher crown than I like
stays in place, but thicker than most and not enough cotton- doesn't breathe, leading to clammy, sweaty feet
These were so small on me, even though I have other FotL undies in a size 7.
Fit was good but the quality is only ok. I wore the shirt once and the seams between the different colored fabric on the sleeve is already starting to seperate and create holes.
Ruffles are little loose
Not very supportive for bigger breast.
This was low cut. It fit in the overall sizing, so there was no pulling. But, it was low cut.
I ordered a medium and it fit smaller than expected. That really wasn't the issue. I had an issue with the fact you could see right through it.!! You could see my tattoos, and undies. The only area that had lining is the breast area. It's a sexy dress, I just do not want to show all of my assets to everyone.
I like these hats. Wish they were a little more quality materials. Maybe wool and fleece. But all in all they're fine. But don't put them in the dryer! Only cold wash and air dry or they'll shrink.
This sweater runs a bit smaller than I expected (and certainly smaller than pictured). The knitted fabric has a sort of shine to it, which I did not expect. Overall I'm slightly underwhelmed but it may be due to personal expectations.
Cute but way shorter then pictured
Not at all what is advertised. There is no tiered ruffle like the picture it's just a plain t-shirt dress.
The color and sizing of this product are true to what is on the listing. The color is actually very beautiful. The cut didn't fit my body very well. I have very wide hips and this bodysuit was not a good fit for that. The jumpsuit closes between the breasts with a button closure. No matter how I tried to button it, the button was showing which I did not like.
The socks are much lighter weight than the Gold Toes I have been wearing for the last 10 years. I have not been able to fine the right weight material for the socks.
It's ok. Only fits big heads.
Everything about this shirt is just okay. The fit, the color, everything. Just an okay shirt so I returned it.
The first time I purchased NYDJ Marilyn straight leg jeans the fit was perfect. The second time they were a little shorter and tighter. This time even shorter and tighter still. Don't think I will be buying any more. They are too expensive to not fit right.
a little to thin and small for my taste
I wear these under dresses. They are not very thick, I would not wear them on their own. The pocket is very small. My Moto x 4 fits, but barely. Ive had a lot of these style leggings and won't buy these again.
Looks good from a few feet away but the quality of the metal is marginal (thin). Would definitely rust outside.
These are fine standard undershirts, but the cut and fabric is better in the hanes x-temp series.
The quality isn't great but the material is soft and it fit great
Button pops often and it is a little big.
I'm 6'1 180 and figured a large would be good. But it was way too big. The large is like an extra large in my opinion.
Comfortable fit. Pockets are shallow any my phone slips out easily. One pair of shorts arrived with the drawstring already pulled into the waistband
Way to small would like to return and get a large size !!
Will be getting in a different color. The large leave became pixelated.
The dress fits fine, the pockets make it sit a little funny on the hips, and the fabric is not breathable, so you will get hot.
I found them much too small. Maybe they were mislabeled, because they would have fit my wife. I sent them back
Colors are not as displayed in the photo.
They wrinkle and cling a bit compared to heavier expensive stuff but are worth it to me. The lightweight cotton is what i wanted, fine for home so so for being elsewhere.
Comfy and soft but not squat proof. Use caution in what poses you do in these pants in public.
Cool designs, pretty cheaply made though. In the 2 weeks I've had them 2 have broken off or tarnished
Weird material but fit pretty well. I wouldn't purchase again but I'm fairly satisfied considering the price.
A little larger than I expected or wanted.
Very nice sweater. Sleeves were a tad short for my liking, but will definitely wear!
Not the quality I expected.
These are awesome! Don't wear dark underwear.
It's and okay buy, but fits large. Material is not warm. Buy only if the weather is more springy than wintery.
The size was was more Asian sized. I bought these to use as part of my son's Halloween costume and they didnt fit. They would have been perfect, but sizing was off, but otherwise they were a good product. Returned easily.
I like the bright color, but the inside is plain white. I've bought others from different vendors and the inside always has print on it as well.
The color of the hat and gloves match the photo. The touch screen function on the gloves work as advertised. Unfortunately, the hat was too tight around my head and the gloves were not warm at all. I was out in just barely freezing temperatures and my hands were quite cold. Ultimately I returned them. It was free to return, there was no hassle and I was refunded promptly.
I normally wear a size 20 so I ordered 3x to be safe - it was *way* too small. The waist of the 3x is NOT the 42 inches claimed. I used a measuring tape and it came out barely to 35 inches, which is a US size 1x. Yes, the waist is elastic - but because of the faux leather it cannot stretch. I find it obnoxious when sellers can't be bothered to accurately report the measurements of the garments they're selling. In short, order at least one or two sizes larger than you need.
Love the dress, would have fit perfect in XS-have to do alterations. The bow is a little awkward not staying in place.
Not what I expected.
I bought this shirt for general attire. It has a nice logo, the fabric is soft to touch, and the color has lasted through a fair amount of wash cycles. The sleeve length is a bit shorter than I like but for the price, this shirt is a decent buy.
I didn't notice that the sleeves are sweater material but I still liked the coat. The problem is if you have any kind of chest you will not be able to comfortably button this jacket. It's going back unfortunately.
Very pretty. Did not see any changes after using it for three months
It's very pretty and does the job. I had to return and reorder a size larger.
Maybe someone else will be like me and look at the photo as it is shown expecting to receive a dress until the package arrives and they receive the skirt only. Nonetheless, the skirt is gorgeous, long and is comprised of the most beautiful and vivid colors that was subject to a plethora of compliments. I will also add that the skirt does not have any cleansing instructions and so I am thinking it is a guessing game on how to proceed in cleaning your skirt. But, for all the compliments received and the beauty of the skirt; even if it is not the dress as shown with literature suggesting it is a dress at that . . . it can make you look dressy. Maybe that is what is meant. Somewhat false advertising in my view.
I had high hopes for this swimsuit top. It's simply too small. I even ordered it one size up & my DDD boobs still didn't fit in the cups. Had to send it back the same day i got it. Over all the top is super cute though.
I need it to come in XXXL sizes!!
I ordered a medium. These run very small. Based on reviews I purchased her size as normal and it doesn't even fit close. I'm not going to bother returning because that process is annoying. I reordered a large which just seems so big but should fit for my 6 yr old now I seen how small they were on her.
just don't like that my cleavage sticks together. Why i only bought for work due to cannot have wire bra.
Too small around so I gifted it to someone...
Not happy with the products quality. I haven't had them for long, yet the material is ripping and holes are appearing throughout the ones I've worn.
Way too small! I felt fat. Size small is listed as 4/6, which is what I wear, but these are more like 0/2 or smaller. I noticed after buying that the listing says women's but also says girls. Maybe these are meant for young girls? I'm returning them. Might get a larger size, but it's hard to tell how much to go up. They look nice and appear well made, but I couldn't wear them.
okay so I am a curvy chick here... the pants are cute I can wear them, make my butt look extra sexy. But if I sit down I look like canned biscuits. lol straight up if I wore these out I wouldn't be able to sit out with out flexing and busting out. I'm 175 lb,
My family and I like it very much. Thank you very much.
I thought that the dress came with a belt, there was no belt when my package arrived. I am 5'5 and the sleeves are short, they don't come down to my wrist. Other than that, I think this is a decent dress.
This shirt is very cute but I would say runs small. I'm 5'7 and 135 lbs and ordered the medium. Not crazy about the fit because I planned to wear work leggings and it just feels too short and too small. I'm going to give the large a try! Also, if you're looking for sweatshirt material this is not it. It's a thinner material but overall a cute top, so I really hope the large works out for me.
The dress was just as pictured. Size ran very small
I had recently ordered a different dress, similiar to this one but thru a different company...never showed, customer service was horrible so i ordered this one in the pink. This dress is cute and the color pink is sooo nice i love it. The pattern was very nice. ..til i had to spend more money to fix it.....first off, after reading many reviews, it was said the dress is very large...this is very true. I am 5'2, 145 lbs. I normally wear larges or larger mediums in everything. I had to order a small in this dress. It was comfy and fit well being a small...but was on the verge of still being too large. The length was EXTREMELY long on me which i had to have hemmed. Then...as im wearing it to have it fitted for hemming...i notice a huge hole! They just didnt sew the seam together...so i had to add that to the alterations....there was a weird yellow stain on the front...almost looked as if someone blew cigarrette smoke thru the material....so i have to have that cleaned. So as of now i havent been able to do much with it because it is getting fixed.....but at least it came in a few days unlike the first dress which didnt show at all.
I really wanted this to fit! I bought it for vacation, maybe if I had time I'd get it taken in. Sorry I didn't snap a pic but it looked so bad. It was just to big all over but especially in the underarms and chest. I think I am pretty proportionate (a little straight in the waist) I might try to order the medium and see if that one will work. Did love the pockets! I read a review saying the fabric was like a linens or burlap, which I why I ordered the large, it's not at all! It's like a poly blend silky/stretchy all the texture you see is print. I'd say if you are in between order down or order two sizes. I ordered a few other thing from this brand and sizing seems to be all over the place. Decent quality for price.
Much smaller than the size it says. Only fit baby for a few weeks. Also does not stretch well over her head
Looks almost identical to the photo (color is slightly off). Shirt is fairly comfortable but you can definitely see through it. Wearing it will require another shirt underneath which I'm never a fan of.
I'm 5'9" and 140 and bought a medium. The jacket fits ok and the pull strings help give it shape, but to make it fit it has way too much bunched up fabric. It is very also very short in the body and the sleeves are about 2 inches too short. If I roll the sleeves and leave it unzipped it looks alright, but definitely not great.
I am very disappointed. This top did not meet my expectations of quality, style and fit. It is not a sweatshirt but is a long sleeve t-shirt at best with no warmth. I had read other reviews about this top running small so I ordered a XL . Also it took almost a month to arrive. I won't be returning this top due to the difficult return policies and procedures. So buyer please beware when ordering.
Not what I expected however it is what it is! The quality of the cups is too flimsy and the sticky part is not something I would of picked.
Great cushioning, but also very sweaty. Only tried them once. The pockets do seem to work as expected.
The suit was adorable and seemed well made, the bottoms fit perfect, the top was small, I am fairly large chested but it was smaller than I expected.
Very small order a size up
I do not like the material, feels like a plastic.Plus it has a bad smell
Cute socks but very thin material
After first washes, it did start to pill. Other than that, they are great kick proof booties
Doesn't have the fit I expected
Cute hat but had minor issues with stitching.
the seams are very poorly sewn. Nearly all of the layers have a little rip in them somewhere. Not worth $29.99, but since I'm handy with a needle and thread, not worth the bother of returning.
This outfit is sheer!!! You can see through the whole dress not just sections of it like on the pic. It really should be considered lingerie. Lol.
Lace on underwear needs to be placed in the exact correct position or your finger goes right through it when you try to put them on. Lace isn't positioned well for these undies. Definitely hand wash these undies. Good stretch.
Fabric quality and cut of the dress on the bottom do not look the same as the actual dress. Other than that I like it
It was very nice and cute. Just a little to small
Soft. Runs small. And these just cover the ankle; odd they aren't longer since they are a winter sock. The grips on the bottom do not run the full length of the foot; they are more centered, and there is no grip on the heel or toes - where you need it most. They are soft and I liked these colors.
Just din't fit my body type really well. Cute suit and made very well
Very soft and light weight, but the legs loose their elasticity and become more like normal boxers after a few hours of wear.
Made for younger women with slimmer legs .
The zipper unzips by itself
Color not as pictured
The artwork was nice, the T-shirt was a nice color gray but the material was thin And the sizes run small.
I ordered a size up per the guide and it's not at all the fit it should be, so I say these run at least half a size small. It'll still be fine, but won't hang on me how I'd like it to. The sleeves are cute and the stitching seems ok. Material seems pretty decent quality. I'll wait to see how it lasts after wear and wash.
The hat looks and fits well. Poor quality material for the price. More like costume quality.
Wondering if the sizes depend on the production batch. Based on the reviews I ordered a size up (M). Should have fit nicely. Especially with others stating their bra/waist size/weight/etc. I'm 5'7 125lb 34C. However my boobs are popping out of all sides of the bra. Perhaps cutting the padding out could help, but in this particular case I need something to cover. Maybe pasties are the answer. Garter fit good. Panties a little tight as others have mentioned. It is nicely made, but will be returning.
I bought some of these several years ago. The new ones I just received are not as thick and cushioned as the first ones I bought. I most likely will be looking for a better cushioned sock.
Nice belt, the fabric itself is sturdy but the stitching busted withing 1st 30 days. I've since restitched it myself and had no issues.
The box where the caps came was very large, please next time send in a smaller box
confortable but material is not of as good quality
I like the style but is a little bit bigger.
Very short! It barely covered my butt.
The material wasnt as soft as I was hoping for.
I ordered a medium and it fit well but was a lilttle snug
Order 2 sizes up so u can wear some opaque stockings or tights underneath. There is no lining and the sequin are secured with something like fishing line. Very uncomfortable.
It's just ok. I bought this to disguise my hair conditioning while on the go and still be chic. It barely fits my head but not all my hair.
It's just a fluffy under garment
These aren't worth the hype, or the price. The - kind of hilarious - jewel cradle is pretty gimmicky. It would be a rare and very sweaty day that the flaps of fabric - which mostly just tickle - would really come in handy. That said, the shorts are not uncomfortable. These are quality boxer briefs, and the gimmick does not impede their functionality. I will wear mine until they must be retired, but I feel no need to buy another pair, let alone replace my collection.
a separate vest would have been a much better fit. It didn't move comfortably
Chess was too tight, had to go with a size L. I'm 36 C
Soft, light weight. Not as long as I thought it would be. Fits fine.
I am 5'4" 145lbs 34dd I ordered a medium I felt it smashed my boobs the bottoms fit the tank is snug I could wear it but I feel a large would fit better I am going to try to exchange then I will update the suit is very cute
The dress was swimming on me. I'm 5'4 and about 150lbs with 36DD. I had to return for a smaller size. The seams looked lighter than the rest of the dress. I ordered the army green.
recommended for kids not adults
A little small, they slip off my ankles sometimes, not my fave, Would not purchase again.
This dress is not quite what I expected in color or size. It fits fine it is just longer than what the picture appears and I am not a short person. I did not return as it was not expensive. I will not be reordering any other patterns. Also not a fan of the material it is made of.
I bought one for my wife for her birthday. She added it to her secondary set of keys to make it last longer but even then within a year it was in pieces so don't plan on using it for long.
The bill is a little over-sized from what I wanted. I am an average sized guy so if you're a little bigger or have a larger head it would probably be ideal.
I like the feel of the shirt. The neckline however is very uncomfortable and doesn't fit as it should. I've put the shirt on a handful of times but within 10-15 mins it's off because of how the neck fits. Bummed...it was a gift and I can't even wear it!
Very cute and soft. Just run a little on the small side. They did not shrink at all.
It's okay as long as your not trying to fit anything too big on it. The gates don't open that far. A hat, water bottle,or small gear and it's fine. Honestly, you don't want a bunch of bigger gear flopping and banging around anyway.
Velcro flap on the pocket and the seams on the inside make these not a pair of shorts for serious runners. Otherwise, they are okay.
As an upgrade over a hair tie for a wallet, this is pretty cool. It's really thin and the rubber band part stays on well...also doesn't slip out of your pocket at all. The metal part looks nice and is holding up well after two months. The band gets covered in lint/dust which doesn't bother me or really make it look bad. But it doesn't stay as clean looking as when you first use it. The only other issue is that it's pretty hard to get cards out that aren't on the top or bottom of the stack. Not impossible but just difficult and cumbersome.
The style and pattern of the cloth on this dress are just adorable. I've only worn it twice, however, and it has already started pilling pretty seriously all over. The fabric is very thin and clings, but it is really a very cute dress.
I ordered these and I am 5' 4" and they came right above my ankles, they were somewhat snug around my thighs which isn't usually the case for me.
It was great except for the fact that it's not as true to sizing as you'd like to believe. I'm an XL for every other swimwear and clothing except for apparently this one? Idk but I'm upset because I needed it for work and I'd finally found a good one except? It didn't fit so I don't have something to wear until I find a better one. Sucks becaus eit had such a great shape and feel to it had it been the right size. EDIT: The underwire literally came through after JUST trying it on
Like the hat, but I ordered it under "women's" and the fit is too big. It pushes my ears down. Must return.
These are soft and non binding but do tend to slide down under your foot during the day.
I love the lines of this top and the pattern. The fit is nice, once I got the right size - definitely runs small. My one serious regret is that the built-in "bra" band is super itchy. Like a lot itchy. If you are a sensory sensitive person, definitely skip it. If you are willing to suffer for the cute design, go for it.
I got this for my husband for Christmas. It fit as expected and is super soft. Overall he likes it a lot. But the material sheds. I washed it and now it sheds less, but it got all over all the other clothes I washed it with. I would recommend washing it alone before wearing.
I got the 6-8 size for my 6.5 year old. The length is right but the waist is too small and the crotch area, it's too thin. Almost like a bikini underwear.
Cute dress. Fit as expected although I ordered up a size. The dress is very see thru. The entire dress. You will want to wear a slip under it.
I love the sweater. I actually first bought it in grey and returned it bc the picture was different than the product (front logo was not visible as in was the same color as the sweater, grey on grey) I didn't like it. Returned it for the black which shows a white logo. IT IS FALSE. I'm disappointed but it's a warm sweater so whatever. It just sucks bc I bought it for the logo in the front.
I've bought these several times for my husband and they're not as durable as I'd like them to be...have to replace every couple months
I wish the elastic went over the waist. It goes over the breast area and then kind of bulges out by the tummy, making it look big/fat/thick. Very cute color.
Not what i expected. Had to return
Pretty bad quality, I have had it for a few days and it doesn't grip anymore. The plastic is worn off.
Its ok. A lil smaller than expected
Hat was cute but tiny!! Had to return.
The beige is much darker than the image.
Love how soft and thick these are for running . The only thing I didn't like was I wear a size 7.5 shoe in women's & these almost cover my entire ankle. They seem big , not low rise like I was hoping
Overall a good buy except that one pair arrived torn at the seam. That's why I gave a 3 rating.
A little too small around the neck but gets the job done!
material is good. But its too baggy
But the fabric was not a natural one for dresses, it seem more suitable for drapes!
Meh is all I have for these
It's very thin, only good in light rain, not heavy rain, yes still get wet, great for summer because light weight
Product was ok... fit was a bit small
It's cute but not like the pictures. The ruched band that is supposed lay at your waist is actually right under my chest- so it's more like an empire waist. Still cute but that's disappointing beacause I'm 5'10 so I feel like I keep trying to pull it down. Other than that, it's long enough, below my knees. I'm usually a 10/12 L and the large is a bit snug but still fits fine. Will get kind of wrinkly if you're sitting down and is a teeny bit see-through.
No denying this top is crazy cute. I was sad to return it though because it was entirely too small. I followed the size chart and ordered a 2XL (in majority of tops I'm a large). To achieve the desired look I would've needed a 4x. Again, super cute and stylish and I loved the fabric.
Comfy and a little supportive. I do not recommend washing with the removable pads inside, as they will shift during the wash cycle - one went all the way to the back of the bra. It's much easier to remove the pads, wash, and reinsert them than to try to shift them back into place. As a 36D, these are a little small for my girls (I think I sacrifice some support for this reason) but they're comfortable enough that it's not worth the hassle to send them back. Would NOT recommend using as a sports bra, but maybe for yoga or something they wouldn't be too bad. They do not provide any compression.
Thin and cheap. Not at all what I expected, but I'm not going to knock it too much because it was cheap enough.
Nope. Clearly not for me. Runs large!
Not as represented. Please see the customer questions. I usually only read reviews, but the customer questions would have steered me away. It is Stark White, looks like a baptismal gown instead of a vintage off white dress.
The print quality is blurry. Not great but not awful for the price.
Order a size up but it was still tight. Otherwise it held up through the whole evening
I liked the coat, it just wasn't a perfect fit. The waist was too tight. When I had anything in the pockets, I could not zip it around my waist and it made me look like a balloon. Couldn't sit down without the fear of it ripping. Loved all the pockets and it was warm when I tried it outside. Just not something I wanted to spend my money on when I wasn't 100% happy with it. Returning it was extremely simple which I very much appreciate!
I like that you get your products in two days however I did not receive my product on the day it suppose to arrived.
The material is good. Color is beautiful and size is not what I expected. The medium size is almost as big as ex large.
Hated to send them back but who wants RED Threading in the crouch area! The fit was a bit small.
Bottoms are super thin material. Tops nice but a little small. Looks beautiful but I won't be able to wear in public.
Color . Looks navy in picture but when arrived look gray ?
It was shorter than I thought
I have bought a couple pairs of these because I loved the first ones so much. I just put these on and realized there are little pen holes in the leg. I eventually won't be able to wear them because I know the hole will grow
The shorts were exactly as described, they fit well and are very durable. I wore them for one ride and found them to be uncomfortable for me personally and my particular riding style. This is a great product just not for me.
These socks are very comfortable and they fit nice without slipping but they are not entirely no show for my liking.
I purchased this shirt hoping that it would keep me cool and prevent sweating. It did nothing to keep me cooler and reduce the amount that I sweat. However, I did notice that after getting wet with sweat, the shirt dried out quicker than most other shirts.
Hello, I purchased 4 of these in the wrong size. I then returned all 4 but received credit back for only 1 product. Who can I speak with to fix this?
Is so warming,fit very well, at first I was impressed about the item, but after I wearing I noticed that feathers starting coming out from the fabric, aren't very good,sorry but I have no idea were little feathers coming out from everywhere from jacket.
Nice quality but too opaque. They aren't really stockings. They're tights. It was disappointing because the description wasn't clear enough to determine if they were tights or stockings.
Got this because I wanted something to use while mowing in the summer that would be thin and breathable. It has a sewn hem around the top so I was hoping it wouldn't roll down like some the cheap ones I have without a hem. Well, it doesn't roll down and does stay in place but its a bit snug and flattens my nose out. A bit uncomfortable after a while.
Loved the feel..a bit too tight at waist & for one size fits all didn't make the mark. Top kept rolling over..
Outfit was cute for our first christmas. The onesie was a little big for my 3 month old but the pants fit. The pants also looked alike the original colors ran (the white was not white white).
I really wanted to like this wallet, but the zipper is a nightmare. I'd only use it if I planned in standing in line trying to get my cards out for a good five minutes. It's cute, but I gave it to my kids to play with.
IS one size fits all, so get a belt too
Was sent wrong color but otherwise they fit great.
The hole pattern is very different than the picture and it's very tight even though I am usually only a size medium. The neck part is very much unlike the photo and sort of uncomfortable.
Very soft and great color! The fabric was not see through, but you could see cellulite through the leggings, so they were not the right ones for me. I am a size 14/16.
Really soft and lightweight, but it did not fit.
It read that it runs small, so I bought a size up. It's perfect except I didn't get the hat!!! Such a bummer
I am 5'5", 115 lbs. and ordered an XS. Pants: The biggest issue I had was with the pants. The waistband was uncomfortably tight. It was more comfortable to wear high waisted, but the pants were short to begin with (they hit right at the top of my shoe). I was able to stretch the band out some by placing them around the top of a chair. I was able to take the hem out which added an extra inch to the length. Top: The top is a little wide. I was able to take it in on my sewing machine about an inch on each side. This allowed for a much better fit. Material: I washed them twice before wearing them. They are not super soft, but will do for the price.
You get what you pay for. I wasn't expecting exceptional quality. I got what i ordered, a 10.00 hoodie. No complaints here.
The material was thin and had a small stain in the print of the blouse. The quality of this outfit is for a teenage but not an adult. Decent price so can't complain too much if you do decide to purchase it.
The side seam split almost immediately. It's probably easier to stitch it up than return it, but I'm still pretty disappointed.
I am 5'4” and 145lbs. I bought a medium and it was too tight in the stomach area. I got the apricot color. Felt maybe it was see through a bit too.
The sweater is very thin And the hearts are like iron on patches.
Small. 5/6 is fitting like 3T. Set back. Got 8. Sleeves are 3/4. They didn't really add length to top but bottoms got a little bigger. She is in 5T clothes. 8 is still a little small for a short but will keep it and see how it does in the summer sun. I bought for keep sun off her very light skin which burns.
Okay. There is no tag, so it does not say the material content. The box does not say either. It does not feel like they are mostly cotton, maybe a mix?
Eh, these are odd. Very, very long and very high waist. I wear them to bed and around the house, they were too cheap to return.
I gave this as a gift and it is very good quality. I just wish the clip part didn't move. The clip on this lifts up and down which leads me to think it's not very secure so he won't be using that part of the wallet unfortunately.
Have not used. Plan to have it in our rv for use for setting up or breaking down in the rain. A bit thinner than I expected. I got the large and it could be a bit bigger. Not sure how it will hold up being as thin as it is. Feels like the snaps will tear out. For price, it is fine.
The Grunt tee's are very nice, they fit really well and they look live foo...this one with the red white and blue eagle is my least favorite.. I really like the plain white 👍 I probably have at least 10 Grunt tee's.
These are super soft. I purchased the skull pattern and they do not have the yoga top waist like the black ones do. So, I'm disappointed in that but I still enjoy the pattern. I 5'0, 150lbs with very thick legs and butt. The regular size fit me very well.
If you have a very large head this will fit.
fabric felt cheap. i wear a 4-6 but this dress fit closer to a size 4. had to return for that reason.
Button fell off after one use but I glued it back on. And like it.
If you are very petite and on the shorter side (5'2 and under) this jacket is likely not for you. It's large in the shoulders and the waist is rather wide. On the whole it's not a tailored look. If you're not concerned with a sleek or fitted presentation then this jacket may well work. The material and pattern were as pretty as I anticipated and I can see a taller woman pulling this off.
These items are well made, but run a size too small.
I thought this sweatshirt looked great on line for my unicorn loving granddaughter, but rather have cotton anytime over nylon/poly
They are thin enough for summer wear, but would not work in winter.
Product seemed a little discolored like it was ashy black I want to say not jet black.
I ordered these 2 sizes larger due to past reviews and they fit perfectly. Also, what everyone has said about the glitter #truth
The top of it fits well, but the leg opening and bottom, is quite a bit loose.
Was expecting them to be thicker. They were soft but just not what I was looking for. I kept them & will wear them.
3 stars because it does look like the picture - fits my phone and will be good for going to the casino . But it is plastic - took a chance for 2$
These are comfortable and stylish and I like the color. But my legs must be waaaaay shorter than the model's because they end much closer to my ankles than my knees. Too bad because I bought them for hot summer weather!
I ordered 3 of these tops, the first one came and it was perfect, thick enough and fit well. I just received the other two I ordered and they're completely different! They're so see through and not even the same fabric as the first one. I'm incredibly disappointed!
I love my socks and this is the 3rd time I bought them. Only issue is with this pack, 3 of the pairs have snags in them by the toe. These are compression so this could be an issue.
Had to return... I am 6 foot tall and and it would just barely fit over my head... however it would ride up and could be inappropriate when around kids.
Not as push up or Foley as it looks but is comfy
Like the style but the arms didn't fit right.
EXTREMELY WARM! I think it does fit small. I'm a size med./large bought a large and it's shorter on my arms and length. I do love the material!
Did not like the way it was cut, the arms were cut oddly
Like the dress and material but too short and neck and arm are tighter then i wanted.
Somewhat smaller than expected
I'm a little disappointed in the fabric and lettering. I'm nervous to wash it because I don't think the letters will stay on. As well as when I pulled it out of the package it smelled like oil. It fits a little snug and I even when up a size.
The wife- The color & length of the dress is as advertised. I ordered blush pink in small, I would've liked to have a size down as it was looser fit in the waist & chest area the sleeves were loose as if they had been stretched out. I'm not sure if I got a used item but it was very loose in those areas. I returned it.
These fit a little tighter than I hoped for
These are one of the better gloves in my opinion. They are decently warm until we get to very low temperatures. The touchscreen feature works really well. My one issue with this product is that it can get snagged on things pretty easily and start to unravel.
This shirt fit great on my shoulders but in the belly area it was far too large and unflattering. I don't think I'll be wearing this much because I don't feel that it looks good on me.
Good looking, but too tight for me and uncomfortable.
Hat fit well and is in great shape. My only issue was the color. Ordered black, but it is definitely a darker gray. Would probably not order again because of this.
If you have big boobs and small hips it will be perfect. I got a medium and the top is too big and I can't even think about putting the bottoms on, way too small. I'm a size 6 or 8, 32B, 132lbs. The fabric is so soft and I love that but the top doesn't have any support and it makes me nervous. Still gonna wear it with a different pair of bottoms!
Shoulders won't stay put as the neck is designed wrong. Rest of it OK
The shorts are a different style than what the picture shows but I still like it.
got the job done- elastic ripped on one but wasn't a huge deal. would buy again if there was no other option.
For the price and quick delivery it was not bad. My only issue was the tail. We could not get it to look right based on where the safety pin was attached. It may have been user error but it seemed like the pin was attached to the wrong side.
material as described is not up to the mark - better buy from a shop and feel the material first
I bought this outfit thinking it would fit perfectly, but I found that it was a little on the larger side. The shirt fit well but the skirt was too big and puffed, I don't really like puffed up skirts. I had to make a few alterations to the skirt myself and it looks better now.
Cute and mostly comfy, but I do with that the elastic straps were a bit shorter/tighter. I don't feel like there is any support. Definitely better for a smaller cupped chick.
Shows in all my flats and heels. Only good for lace ups like sneakers but then I would just wear tennis socks Not expensive enough to return.
Small is very small! Like childlike small
The material is super thin but it is a cute sheer cover up
The outfit was okay. The leggings and the shoes were very cheaply made. I just decided to buy tights and dress shoes for her. I wouldn't recommend.
Sturdy, soft cotton....but neck is too large & stretches out easily 😏
They are ok. They are not boyshorts like in the picture though. Look more like hipster underwear. They will do though. I was also hoping they would have lace at the top like these. They weren't nearly as cute as the ones pictured. I understand that though since the styles vary but I wanted boy shorts like in the picture.
Basically a dupe for an American Eagle cardigan (on right side of pic). Colors are definitely brighter. Fabric is ok...a bit on cheap side in my opinion. I got the AE cardi on sale & for roughly an extra $10, I think a much better option. Colors richer & better quality. Felt this sweater pretty true to size. I ordered a Medium.
Fit as expected but they roll up the thighs. I'm also short so the waist is extra high on me.
Cute sweater but small fit.
Cute as long as you don't have to lift up your arms at any time, then you have a boob situation. Great for vacation as long as you are just being seen and not active. You need a chest to pull off the top, just not too much of one. I even sized up because I was worried about the top and it wasn't enough.
My daughter loves this leo, however, the snowflake fell off the first wear. She loves the bow on the back and it is the expected size.
Socks are good but I'm a size 9 narrow and these are a little small
Cheap material, on the large size. Looks like it stretched out
Not authentic Levi's. The leather patch on the backside of the belt band is not real leather, feels very fake and plastic-y. The red Levi's tag on the back pocket is also different when compared to my authentic Levi's. Very unfortunate... however, they fit well and are comfortable so I won't be returning. Hopefully quality will stand up.
I just thought it was cool, in fact it turned out to be exactly that
The white is a little bit see through up top.
The color is muted and the fabric was thinner than expected
Too small to be comfortable for a New Years Eve party.
I really liked the leather and the general look of the purse. However, the top zipper is impossible to close. I think I will take it out and reinstall it further up, which is a pain. I also wish it were at least a half inch thicker as things like my wallet are pretty tight. So here's a question. Why do purse designers always make the inside a dark color? I always end up sewing in a new, light colored lining so I can see what's in there.
Not as cute as the picture, it might be because of myself just don't like a bunch of ducks on my dress.
I like the color, fit, style, snaps but the fabric is extremely thin. The snaps probably weigh more than the fabric.
These are ok- very rough on baby's skin even after several washes!
The quality of the dress is very cheap but then again what do you expect for 20 something dollar dress
I'm so sad! Everything about this bra fits beautifully...except the shoulder straps are too loose :(. Even when I tighten them as much as possible they slip. I wear a 36D and am 5'8” tall, 145 pounds for reference. I may try to cut a piece out of both sides and sew them back together since the rest is absolutely perfect!
not sure they would protect my hands in -30 weather but a fair glove..
fit was fine - I returned it for being too see through. I really don't want to wear a top under a top!
color is too vivid red. not like the picture.
The product came intact so I gave 3 stars. The shirt is very small and everything smells like fish. It's nauseating and I'm not sure if can wash everything without ruining it.
Stats- 5'10” , 180lbs, 29 weeks pregnant, bra size 38c . I ordered a medium for my maternity photos. Fits as expected a little snug but Id rather a bit tight then too big. The top and peach colored bottom is a tad see through. Due to the random black thread on the back of my dress I'll have to cover it for my photos, since I won't have time to exchange it. Which is the reason for my 3 stars
I needed this rather last minute for an event at the high school I teach at. As many said, order a size up if you are over 5'5". I am 5'6" and the costume is loose but the hem is still a couple inches over my ankles. The belt is off white and the dress is more a pure white with silver sparkle-it is very see through and not a thick polyester as one reviewer noted.. I had to glue one of the pieces back on the belt. The wig was not small on me as many reviews say but the buns are teeny tiny. I just cut the threads sewing them together and re-wrapped them. The center part of the hair was coming undone along the seam so I had to sew it the best I could.
Perfect length. Way too wide. There is a string that helps alleviate that problem though so it's manageable. Pockets can take a beating and still stay together
Socks are perfect! 7 days late in shipping and missed giving this as a present.
I washed these in cold and dried on delicate cycle. I now have low rise capri pajamas...I wouldn't buy again. However, they are cotton - perhaps I should have known.
The color is more red than wine color.
Little to big and long
I bought these for my husband who wanted black socks below the ankle. He was not happy and insisted they were womens socks as they were tiny. He could get them on his feet but they looked more like slips that women wear with nice flats. He's a size 12 and I ordered the size to match... I wear them now (womens 7) and they're tight going on but very comfortable, I like the little rubbery grip part on the back. A pair went through the wash/dry and look even tinier now I giggled and took a photo... mens size large??? Not at all!! Otherwise nice socks though!
3/5 stars i ordered a XS as i have a very small chest i am 5'11 130lbs and its fits very loose on the chest piece don't like it at all...color is great but not a great buy. pants are wayy to big and long
Hat looks great and seems to be good quality. Alas, I have a larger head (about 7.5 inches fitted) and this hat is too small.
Way too small for my 4 month old. Couldn't get her head through the neck hole- should make the neck stretchy or with a button. Fabric quality was also not so great. Size up.
I like the cap but it's big so i have to sew it to make it fit better.
We were looking for a smaller travel umbrella, one that would fit in a purse or a small pocket of a backpack. This one is larger than it looks but, I will use it and keep looking for one for my wife.
When I tried to inflate the tail, it did not hold air. Instead of a live squirrel, I just went as road kill
Use this as a cover up because it is very sheer and it has a bit of a chemical smell.
Pretty dress. Fits right. But do not care for the feel type of fabric
Nice for lounging around the house
Super short is a shirt instead of a dress
Seam already ripping
i ordered my regular size and they were too small. i had to return them for the next size up which fit so i would order a size larger than normal if you order these. the color faded a bit after first wash but they seem okay for the price
I guess I expected better quality of material. Its not bad, but not the heavyweight I expected.
Some of their leggings fit perfect and others in the same size just different print run 2 sizes smaller! Not consistent.
LIked the look but too long for me.
It's now what it seems. It looks cute in the advertisment but the material it not what you would expect. It's cheap- and looks like it would be used for a gypsy costume. If you are a goth teen who likes to wear cat ears and ballerina skirts then maybe this is desirable. I can probably get away with wearing this at a concert or for Halloween but I was hoping for something I could wear every day of the week. Also the size runs normal! I got a large because other people said it ran small and to “size up”
I ordered one black, one white but they sent me two white bras. I'm pissed by that.
Runs small, and the material is quite thin.
The pockets are too far back on the garment and it fits odd. The only positive is that it is warm.
Very beautiful, but the arms on the shirt faded with one wash. Everything else looked great after washes.
The size was off on this hat. I would get a quarter size bigger
Christmas present. Looks exactly as expected and was a hit. My only concern is it has an extremely strong odor of vinegar.
Not workout leggings and came in big
Great fitting comfortable socks but faded after a few washes.
Just like Trump's. Exactly what I wanted!
Love the material but there was a hole in the left shoulder seam.
When you wash the ties started to ripple. Very disappointed.
Product is color fast, great design, but sizing is Alot larger than what you'd expect.
These leggings were short for 18 months then they shrunk a lot in the wash. They were then the same size as other 12 month pants we have.
Some fit great others too small
Being a nail tech and not wanting to use foil, I thought I would give these a try. It's tooooo small. It works great for kids but as an adult, it's too small.
My phone doesn't fit in it as i thought it would. Bit it will work for my daughter.
They are to wide for an humans face Love the color and shade but shoes head did they think these things were going to fit on? That's why buying online isn't always the most convenient.
I purchased this as a gift for a Disney loving friend. Overall, it is a nice wallet. I liked the design because it was more "adult" than other Disney themed wallets and purses, and my friend really loves it. My only gripe is that I wish it came in a gift box.
I bought theses shorthand expecting them to be a nice pair of shorts. They came kind of as expected although they do feel a bit weird but that's just me.
The 50's dresses with the poodle on it are really cute. However the sleeves are two tight. They need to make the sleeves alittle bigger.
DO NOT WASH!!! Very cute costume! Light weight but not cheap looking! Great you can take the cape off. I read a review to size up. I don't agree. I think the size is accurate! I made the mistake of washing before my son wore, and when I took it out of the washing machine the Superman logo( plastic part) and belt were peeling off and the plastic folded and got stuck to the costume. I did NOT put in dryer. I hung dry, it was a little messed up but not terrible. Anyway if you buy do NOT WASH!
Way too small...my son wears an XL....I ordered him an XXL and it was still too small
These suck. Wish I'd found the 6 pack of solid black first that are way more comfortable. These seem like women's socks more than for guys. Don't buy. Others are way better. They did however give me a full refund because I was unhappy with them
Love the top but the sleeve opening in the ceiling above the sleeves are way too small for her to ask if you really need to enlarge that spec imagine but otherwise everything is great but I can barely move the sleeve on my arm. I have been a fit model for 25 years for plus size I would love to help you with your sizing thank you
Fits fine and feels comfy, but does not hold its shape. When these were new they fit like bike shorts (fully contacting the thigh), but after 4-5 washings they have grown floppy and are now just regular shorts (loose around the thigh). Fine for exercising at home, but no longer good to wear under twirly skirts. I got a few evenings of dancing out of them, but now they no longer meet the need they were purchased for.
These teeth were huge! I cut them down to fit my teeth.
Only gave it a three star because the seeming in the crotch open after first wash
It's a bit too shimmery to wear in a solid color. It shows every roll, lump, and bump.
Very cute pattern. The top fit fine but the pants were long for this age and the waist was tight on my very thin granddaughter. Kept the top and donated the pants to Goodwill.
I was sent the wrong item. I ordered all pink in large and was sent polka dot. I did open the package it still in it. Please contact me to resolve this issue
You can never have enough onesies these are awesome
Even at a 29" inseam, they are too long.
I liked the mesh style and the pattern. But the strap was broken and I actually needed a different sized top and bottom. Wish they could be purchased separately.
This would be so nice if it would pull all the way up on me. The torso is too short. I'm going to wear it as a skirt because I live it so much. Would have been a bomb ass dress. I'm only 5'4 so the manufacturer needs to get it together. I ordered an XXL.
I'm 5'9”, 140 lbs and 36DDD. I ordered size L. The elastic was a bit tight and fit slightly above the bust line. Dress was very comfortable, the length perfect, but a bit too tight in the bust for me. Pockets were a bonus. Unfortunately am going to return.
Straps were not in package.
I got this for my wife but she decided not to use it in public since it turn out to be a very small skirt.
Runs on the large size. I should have sized down.
Comfortable but does attract pet hair !!!
Material does not breathe.
In the picture it looks kind of like a tan color but it's more of a really pale pink. I still really like it and it's cute.
It's an adorable hat but I can't use it because I'm still not able to get the creases from it being folded out of it. Also, the him strap does not allow the bow on the hat to be in the back, it has to be to the side. Unsure if I'm able to fix that yet.
It's cute but the pieces are all hot glued and two of the pieces have fallen off so far. The first was the center clock piece that fell off after a light drop. The second came off while I was in costume. I like it, but it's not worth the full price, even though it is handmade.
Good quality but too long. I believe they will be fine on a taller woman. I am just 5'4”.
So far I haven't used it. It is still airing out. It has a horrible dye/chemical smell. If I had somewhere outside that I could leave it for a few days it might clear out. It looks nice and the card slots run the direction I wanted
The sizing runs pretty small. But if you look at the rest of the reviews here seem to run wild and random. If you don't need to get a pair immediately and can wait if you have to return it, it's still cheaper than your local big box.
So my first try was with their full cut cotton briefs (size M) and I liked them well enough to try out their bamboo briefs (also size M). First and foremost, I like color variety offered and I like how the bamboo briefs fits a litter more snug than the cotton briefs and the front looks a lot less 'granddad-ish'. However, when comparing the two, its a lot more noticeable that bamboo briefs use a lot less fabric than the cotton briefs. Meaning, the bamboo briefs don't really provide full seat coverage for me and I constantly find myself having to pick the bottoms out of my cheeks. Whether I'm walking around outside or just sitting at a chair, they constantly wedgie up on me. Maybe I should've sized up to an L in this particular model, but I feel like it might be too big in the waist if I did. Regarding the fabric itself, after a few washes these have definitely started to pill. While I personally don't really care much about pilling, some people do, so I figured I'd mention it. I also bought these for their increased breathability / coolness, but personally, I don't notice a difference between these and regular cotton briefs in that area. Overall, I wanted to like these, but with the lack of full seat coverage / constant picking, I feel like may be throwing these out.
The cut was a little off, so when you fold it it's not quite even. The part that was a no-go for me was the pattern. It's a normal pant crotch with a diamond shape just tacked in at the corners inside. It does protects you from the crotch seam. However it DOESN'T prevent WEDGIES like a boxer would, in fact it's worse because then you get this extra piece of fabric stuck up there. Ugh. No thank you.
Was missing the head piece. Otherwise it was fine.
A nice soft stretchy feeling material but definitely on the big side which is ok because it's summer now so hopefully it will fit come fall and winter
Did look as good as the girl on the picture but overall hubby loved it
My legs are too thick for these shorts. Not made for thick thighs
Fit great when I first got them but when i washed them they basically turned into loose smalls
The sweater is really nice, fits perfectly. The only thing wrong is that the color is nowhere near olive. See the picture as posted online vs. what I received. I was going to order the brown one anyway, so not returning. Seller needs to update the photos to reflect ACTUAL color though. Buyers beware that colors may not be accurate.
Its not as loose and draped as on the pic (for the size L) the belt is very skinny and short - can't make nice knot from it. Wish they would use more fabric for the bigger sizes
The gloves are cute and warm, however - the touchscreen portion is not very responsive
the lace has started to come apart all over.
Looks good, but one of the sock is defective and I don't want to go through the hassle of return because of this.
Good quality, but wasn't what I was looking for. This is not fashionable, more designed for outdoor work and practicality. I was looking for a cute chambray top to wear over dresses, this does not have that vibe. Works fine for gardening though!
I liked it ok but it was to small to get the look I was wanting.
I dress that I received had clear jewels on it instead of without. I believe I ordered the one without. I think I may have gotten the wrong one.
Fit was good, but fabric was a bit scratchy. I prefer other brands better so I returned them.
I like the quality of the shirt itself, it fits pretty true to size, but the text seems a little crooked or I'm too OCD for my own good.
What happened to elastic or tie waist bands? These look awesome but don't like my little waist. They fit my legs but fall down horribly when I do anything but walk.
From the photo the colored tights look much different than what I received. They look more muted in the photo, but are straight up neon colors. I was hoping for a more mustard/gold color like the middle (4th from the left) leg shows in the image, but it turned out to be neon orange. Will be trying to dye the colors darker so they will be more usable for my dress style. If not clubbing, or doing a "fun run" costume race, I don't know where most of these colors would work.
Love the large bag but it's a bit heavy and the inside middle pocket is a pain. Going to try to remove that and I think it'll work just fine. Love the look, love the length of the cross body strap.
It's beautiful but it came with ink on it. Someone put scratches on it by pen. I don't know what to do. Send it back or what?
I usually wear either a L or XL in ladies shirts. After reading reviews I was very pleased I ordered an XXL. Even though I ordered up the shirt was quite snug, especially in the arms. The material is okay for a costume and it did work well with the rest of my pirate costume. But the price is quite steep for the lack of quality. I would think this should be between $15-$20 at most.
Ran large just decided to layer with top
Wonderful to take to work or school.
Love these , although wish they were longer as I'm long- waisted
Very tight on the arms
I thought the material would be softer (like t-shirt material), it's not uncomfortable, just a bit stiffer than I expected. The medium is a bit larger on me, but I can tie the side in a knot and it's fine. Just wish it was softer.
For the price, these are great. Kept me warm when I needed them to, but pockets started tearing after the first wash. Next time I need insulated pants, I'll probably spring for a higher quality that will last longer.
I ordered this as a good layering piece and it does a good job at that. Love how it covers my bra straps and cleavage. Overall, the camisole is pretty, looks sexy and the fabric feels good. It's the lace that is stiff and scratchy. I have washed it a few times but the lace is still stiff as a board. I will still wear this one because it looks so pretty, but probably won't buy it again. Will look for another without the scratchy lace.
This top is very lovely. However, I didn't realize the sleeves were sewn right in the breast area. It's very odd. I don't understand why they didn't sew the sleeves behind the breast. You do not notice it immediately but once you do, it becomes an eye-sore. Too bad. It's such lovely fabric and fits so nicely. I won't send back but I will not buy this again nor will I recommend it.
Usually a medium. Seems to run a size small. Not soft material as expected. Will be returning.
I liked it but the sizes are way off, too small.
You definitely need a pocket square holder because these are really small and will sink into the pocket. The stitiching is really low quality and the fabric itself is low quality. The only good thing is yhe range of colo
Just received the vest. Fits perfectly. Only caution is that the battery and the connection point for that battery is proprietary, so don't assume (as I did) that any USB connection will work with coat. Just keep in mind if you want extra batteries.
I love the feel of these pants, but a little thin. I ordered New Olive and it should be called New Gray. There is no shade of olive in these pants whatsoever. Sorry I didn't return them.
These are great -- except for the too tight waistband. Provide exactly the snug fit on legs & crotch they are supposed to, but wow, the waist is out of proportion. Perhaps if I get my reasonably trim 52 year old 33" waist back to my 25 year old 31" waist, they'll be perfect. I find I can wear them for a workout, but off they come immediately after...
No support, very think material.
Pretty much what I was looking for. Decent quality. Could have ordered a size bigger but it will work since I'm wearing a long shirt with it.
It was too tight from the belly
I usually wear a 16/18 so I purchased a 2XL. It was a little snug around the arms so if you have large arms you may have to stretch it some. It is really sheer so an undergarment (slip) is needed unless you wanted to flash folks. It was comfortable and soft without being restrictive when walking. It's 65% cotton and 35% polyester in case you wanted to know.
Poor quality but you get what you pay for I guess.
I liked that they didn't skip but they were A LOT smaller than I anticipated.
Over all the scarf was really nice, soft, light, beautiful, but the problem is the wrong color got sent to me, so the product is great, the distribution isn't fantastic.
The top is way to big for my chest and the bottoms are too small for mu bum. Bathing suits need to start being sold in different sizes for tops and bottoms. I'd be a small top and a medium bottom. Going to have to wear a different top with the polka dot bottoms. Good quality though.
These bras run small but cute and fit to tight. Not good for someone with heavy bust.
This dress was a good dress in so many ways. However, the beaded design on the front is only fixed at the top so it is basically free flowing and acts as Velcro to the material on the dress. The dress was snagged the minute we put it on. It is only good for one time use.
Cute idea but the 5' and 3' strands do not match up from left to right. Also the leading strand is going wrong way.
They fit great! I wish the fabric was better. I have bought three pair for the comfort. I wish I could find same fit in a straight leg and better fabric.
I feel the price of this dress is a little to high for the quality of it. I feel 15.00 would be a better price because Ive seen similar dresses for that price. But my daughter did not want me to return it , so I won't. But won't buy it again. She is only a size 10 and a large fit her fine.
Nice weight, hangs much longer than displayed on model. I wear a 2x and this seems sloppy big to me. Probably would not by again if I had known.
These definitely are queen size. O think they would got a 7 ft woman. I have large calves so I need queen size. The calf is very very comfortable. But as wide as the calf is the band under the knee is too tight.
I'm a little bummed that it is so big. I'm going to have to make adjustments with my leather punch. I'm 5'5 and 150lbs so I don't have a small frame. I usually wear and L in clothes so it's weird that this wouldn't fit. The quality is good and after the adjustments it will be perfect.
The shirt doesn't fit exactly how I was hoping it would but it's not bad. I think you could probably buy something like it with a better quality material and shape/form on another site for slightly more but it would probably be worth it. Because I have a big chest, it kinda stretches out the frills on the top which kinda sucks but oh well. The sleeves are also not that well-fitted, I kind of hoped it would cling to my arms a little more.
Have been wearing this while cycle commuting back and forth to college. It is very bright, and warm. However, it arrived with a very chemical smell. It is not waterproof. Water still seeps in to the fabric, albeit more slowly than other fabrics. It does not bead up on the surface as expected. I have to be very careful zipping it up, as the zipper is of questionable quality and often pulls apart if I zip it up too fast.
XL seemed more like XXL I also received 2 different style of tops. I like them but I like this one better than the other unknown top. Love the fabric. I am disappointed that I had to pay return shipping when it advertised as ''free returns''
Nice stretch and great feel but they pilled up the first time I wore them
Grandson loved them! However holes developed after laundering. Disappointed in quality, wearability. Second time I purchased these. Same result both times.
Size was much smaller than posted
This is decent enough. Though I got it because moon bum was way too expensive for what it is. Though the material is ridiculously cheaper, both are China based and good for a few wears before tossing.
there were a little snug
Nice looking, but the iron on did not wrk at all.
Compared to the other plus size tutus I have bought on Amazon this one is TINY! the quality is great just wish there was more of it!
loved the quality and color of these gloves. I was so excited for them, but unfortunately they were too small for me. I guess my hands are on the bigger side. Wish they had a little more stretch to them, but unfortunately I will have to return them.
it can a loose when I placed it on my head was not put together good now I have to try and fix it
I was a little Leary if the “one size fits all” option but am quite pleased with how they fit. I'm 5'4, 130 and curvy and they fit great. They are also super soft, warm & are high waisted which is great. My only complaint would be that the fabric pilled the first day I wore them but I doubt anyone at the gym cares.
This dress is the color and description as stated, however, it feels like a bathing suit. I thought it was cotton and going to be more comfortable.
I liked the way it looked, but was a little disappointed with the material. It's a stretchy type of material. Wasn't really expecting that and the length was too long there was no option to select length when placing order.
Not what I thought it would be. Did not fit as good as I hope it would.
So the fit isnt great, you get alot of sagging of the material on the sides of your chest, otherwise the suit is adorable! I was going to return it but I found that clipping the straps together in the back fixed the issue.
It's a great wallet with many compartments. A little too large for me. But a good product nonetheless.
I like the shape of this dress but the fit was a bit off for my body type (the bust area was too big). The fabric is also heavier, which is good for durability and keeping everything in but a bit too bulky for me.
Broke within a few weeks
Got a larger size (normally 2x and I got 3x) and it is huge!!
I have another Cherished Girl shirt that I love; however, this shirt is a different material. It is thinner and fits more snugly than my other shirt, therefore I returned it. With that being said, the color was very pretty and the design was bright. If you like this shirt, maybe considering sizing up.
item was cute however the size is not true to size. runs small. if you hv large breast it will not fit.
Not a bad dress. Just not as expected. It seems a little “flat”. I feel like in a few washes, it'll become dingy. However, it is great as a maternity dress. Great for growing progression of the tummy area. I definitely don't think it's a bad dress by any means, just not as expected. I'm 5'10” 190 lbs and I bought an XL. I probably could have sized down to a L but afraid it would be too short.
It did not work for me
Fits a little small. Good product good price.
Good quality but bad sizing. Even got a larger size as recommended.
Trying them on one clip broke. Before I even got the chance to wear them. But three color didn't match completely so I never wore them
Perfect length but sleeves are a little short and should be a little wider on the sides so it won't feel so restricting when sitting down. Just okay.
Cheap quality and as described
Fits a bit too tightly and is already unraveling at the back.
I like the style of the jacket. I thought it would be a more heavier winter jacket from the looks of it on Amazon. The sleeves were a bit long and for a large it was a bit tight in the bust area.
I'd ordered a medium, but was sent a size large. Because my daughter needed to wear the skort for a tennis match the day after receiving it, we didn't have time to return/exchange and she is now stuck with a skort one size too large. However, when I reviewed the item stating as much, the company did offer to refund me half of the item price and did so. The skirt itself is nice, and as expected.
Runs smaller than the other reviewers said. Also the cut is a little off. I'm 170lbs fit and they are skin tight.
Material is very thin..feels like you are wearing a slip..the fit is as expected..
Really cute outfit, does run small, my daughter usually wears a size 9 months, and this fit perfectly, and I purchase the size 12-18 months.. so go a few size up. looks more like a bathing suit,
Its doesnt drape of the shoulder as shown in pic and its not made so that it will.
These are really nice leggings. I'm typically a size 18. I like my leggings to come up really high and with these they cut off lower in the back. I think they would be perfect if you are less curvy.
They are very soft, but leaving fuzz balls all over my house. Also, shipping took forever.
The waist band was a bit tight for the size I got I should of gone 2 size's bigger instead of just one.
I am fair and have fluffy thighs. If neither of these descriptions is you, then ignore this post. The suntan color is the lightest color in this style, but is very dark on me. I understand that they can't match every color of skin tone. I'm just saying, if you're fair, the color is not going to match the rest of your body. The top of the thigh highs has an elastic band, and is quite tight. This makes me look like a stuffed sausage link, because I'm not very tone down there. It's not just this brand, but others do this to me as well. I would suggest seam-ripping the elastic band off and hold them up with a garter belt if you're fluffy like me. For me, this was a 3 star item, but I'm sure for some others it would be more.
Comfortable. But was loose in general even attempting to tighten it but it looks ok.
I liked the look, but they run small, still a good product though.
These fit great and have just right the amount of compression. I purchased a size M and am 5'5" and weigh 140 lbs. They're almost perfect except that the material for the black pants is see through.
Not really my style and kind of quality I would like. It can be a great prop though.
Lining ripped almost immediately.
Somewhat bulkier than expected
Lettering cracked and came off after cold wash and air dry..🙄 Nice however, just take precaution when washing
Kinda pricey for the material that was used. Its ok.
The fabric has torn.
Ordered and xl and fits like a medium
I was hoping for a tighter fit with this dress But it is still cute. The material is a blend of cotton and polyester I think! It feels a little like the same material my school uniform was made of! I don't think I will be wearing this dress again since it is to big but if you do order, be sure to order a size smaller then what you are!
I got to wear this shirt for ten minutes before the first wash. After one wash, the threading on the bottom hem started coming apart. It has gotten progressively worse with each wash, now hems coming undone on both sleeves. Otherwise a very cool and comfy shirt. I just get to watch it disintegrate, I guess.
Fair for price. Paint rubbing off inside the packet. Seems off brand. No actual logo on packet.
Came shipped in a envelope then in the bag you see. Little disappointed in the fact that I had just taken the white pair out of the bag to try them on and they were already falling apart in some areas. Good to note all 4 are sheer feel great. Strong silicone that holds up tight.
This dress was very lightweight and pretty color - just way too small. Size is incorrect. I could not zip and I usually wear 12-14 in dress size so I was disappointed :( It does not fit and I took to long to return so now I'm stuck with a dress that does not fit.
I gave it a 3, because I don't see any seal that shows RFID as others. Bought a TUMI instead.
Good for sleeping in, but hardly "super soft" as the product name implies. These feel more like the material used to make hospital gowns, which aren't exactly soft either.
Much smaller than most XXL sweatshirts and the fabric is not what I expected. It is thin and slick feeling. Not fleece and warm.
These were a tad bigger than I expected, in the sense I feel like I'm constantly pulling them up when I run or walk, but they're very soft and comfy. I wish they fit a little more snug and had pockets for your phone though. Will make nice yoga/lounge pants, just not good general work out pants. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Showed up when I searched for high socks for bigger thighs, defiantly made for girls with super skinny legs.
Too short and a little to narrow. I wear size 10 or 10.5 narrow or medium and they will not stop slipping off in shoes. I even try to stretch before and while putting on, but to no avail. I like them otherwise.
This romper was well made, the color was exact, and it fits well. I purchased for my daughter for a dance. I ordered a large. She is 5'9" and weighs 169 pounds.
This is a good quality material and loved the look of it. It is just way too small. I figured it would run small so I ordered a 2XL when I normally wear a L to XL but it was still snug.
When I filled out the return information it stated zero amount for return shipping. When my refund was posted I was charged $6.00 for return shipping. I will not use this company again. False information was given to me.
The socks feel great and work well. The only downfall is the fuss they leave behind on both the shoes and your feet. Highly recommend to be washed separate and a few times before being used.
Bought as a gift. Smaller than expected.
Its pretty but it ripped in 2 places on first swim. It is thin enough to see through when wet, as well. I ordered a size 14 for my 11 year old that wears a size 12 clothing. I would suggest ordering one size up if you buy this item. Having said all of that, my child did love it and swam well in it. We're going to sew an extra seam in it and keep using it. The monofin insert was very well made FYI.
Very cute bag but not insulated
Cute dress. But, expected gold and beige color. Dress has gold beading at top, skirt is more peach in color. Will need to buy different shoes.
Not the best quality and was very large, but still cute
I bought this for a thin 11 year old. It's just right for him, and not sure it would be a good fit next year. Disappointed.
It's really nice and simple. But it was loose on my thigh.
Ran small. Gave it to my 10 year old daughter
Once washed. It shrunk to small.
The neck line looks great but doesn't sit well.
The swimsuit itself is cute but does not offer any breast support. I'm 34 DD, 5'5 and 142 lbs. it is also a thin material and sees right through my belly button and cellulite :( had to return! Cute color though...
Not soft. Not scratchy or terrible, but I paid $45 for a single shirt because it said "An incredibly soft feel, nice drape, and breathable fabric." Not soft at all. I bought my mom a T-shirt at Target that was waaaaaaaaay softer than this for $20, and own many soft cotton Ts. This T-shirt fit right, it seems well made, but it is NOT a soft cotton T-shirt. My son asked me for that "soft cotton, like the last T-shirt." Ordering this, I failed.
I liked the the rinestones but the hood was to large and the whole coat was to large probably order a smaller size if you dont like your coats to baggy
The colors were ugly not what I expected. The fabric looks cheap not to my liking
Ordered petite received regular length was disappointed.Kept them any way,needed them for a trip,could not wait to return them.Sweat shirts were fine.
Not impressed for almost 50$ they are just a pair of nylon gym pants with quilted stitching,,aka. Absolutely no insulation value.
Just okay. I've had these for about a month now and they were great until I washed them. Now the waist sits funny and uneven. The draw strings just kind of get in the way and the decal is starting to crack and look aged.
The angle of the prong is wrong, hence, difficult to remove from the belt hole -- especially on a thick gun belt or equivalent. Overall, not a bad product, though. The finish looks good, but time will tell about its longevity.
Theyre good for a newborn photoshoot or for older toddlers who will keep it in their hair, but its very stiff backing of the flowers so it may bother some kids and doesnt lay very nice. But they are very beautiful and look very nice for photos!
The sleeves is too big..fabric too thin and cheap
Jacket is larger than expected . Order size smaller . Normal appearance, good quality in zippers. Comfortable than most rain jackets out there.
Quality is ok but they run very small-even using the size chart.
Good material, but cut tight and small. Size up if you are not skinny.
They have loose threading and ball up a bit. Wash prior to wear. They did keep my daughter's feet warm and dry.
The sweatshirt is ok. The company is horrible. It took over 2 weeks to get it. They gave me the wrong tracking number and it said it was delivered to Connecticut.
Kinda big for a large.
I thought this was really cute when I bought it. It's a nice quality lace bodysuit, but the top half was really big. I'm a size 36B, 5'6, and about 122 lbs. The bottom was perfect! It seemed like the back clasp still left a lot loose and the front seemed very... Free.
Cute shirt, but too short for someone with a long torso
Fit well for my 5yo, he had a lot of fun. We had to ditch the headgear because it scratched his chin and was far too heavy for a long night of trick or treating.
Plan to take about 3" off the straps in order for this bra to fit properly. Unless you are an amazon or your boobs hang down to your waist, the straps will not work. They are also unable to be adjusted so you need to have a sewing machine or take them to a seamstress or altering.
After a few washes they began to separate.
The material was not what I expected but still cute just now what I was looking for! It's stretchy and slick material.
When I ordered the two belts, I was not offered sizing. I got L, would have asked for XL
It's a cute shirt but it doesn't look like the material that's in the picture. It's like a slightly different tone of white and the material kind of feels thin and very polyester but it still looks like a cute shirt in general.
These fall off, fast. The edges are extremely thin plastic and sticks to itself, causing less coverage. I can't wear them under a loose t-shirt, as it would fall right out after a few hours.
Silver paint on decoration is flaking off.
Not a very vibrant red in person.
Says 2-3 years my grand daughter just turned 1. It will fit her now but not for long.
They they are definitely thinner than what they show I thought they were wool socks but they're not....seems like cotton and the seem kind of cheaper than what you would expect. Overall they're okay for the price and the shipping was great
Very cute, comfy, and arrive as shown, but they are not durable. After three months we already have holes in them!
Very small and compact. No room for cash.
Incredibly short. I bought one size up as recommended by reviews but the torso and the arms were way too short - I'm talking several inches. I will likely need to buy 2-3 sizes larger than what I wear to get a good fit
I'm not sure yet whether I like it or not ,,,, I've several other scarves in this print
I ordered per the size chart and I'm swimming in the tank. it's cute and appears to be of good quality no frayed edges like a lot of "cheaper" items I've ordered from Amazon. Washed it, didn't shrink, didn't fade. Would definitely order from them again.
Super soft shirt! I don't know if it was just mine or I didn't notice in the picture, but the image is off center... its a little annoying and some what noticeable, but not the end of the world either.
I'm a few months post partum with my 3rd baby within the last 5 years. All c sections. I'm currently around 135lbs and 5ft tall. Although this did smooth out my excess weight, it was extremely uncomfortable. I specifically got it for a formal wedding and there is no way I could wear it most of the day. I've started the return process. I wanted something a little sexier which is why I chose the thong shaper but it's not practical.
Comfortable but I won't wear it outside the home
I like shorts above the knee so when I squat or raise my leg to step high the pant leg does not catch on my knee. The supposed 36 inch waist I received actually measured a little over 40 inches. My waist is 36 inches. I ordered the 36 and it was too large. I ordered the 34 and it was too large. I ordered the 32 and it fit. Seems they are made for people who want to dream they have a smaller waist than they actually do. The way these things stretch, what they call a 32 would fit a 38 or larger waist.
When I buy these long sleeve shirts I go one size bigger. They seem to run small and also to account for shrinkage. I usually wear large, but with these I buy XL and they fit perfect after washed and dried. Kinda sucks tho if you don't know how they fit before you buy.
I'm 5 months postpartum, so I purchased this to hide my still bulgy belly. It sits above my belly button when on, but doesn't compress as much as I would have liked. The material is a bit flimsy in comparison to other suits I've purchased in the past, but should work well for this season.
blouse is ok, fabric great, fit not so much. Waaaay too small. Need help with sizing.
It's a cool looking toy made of plastic. But it's already starting to break when my son tries to play with it which is incredibly disappointing. Bet quality would be nice
Good price, but when I opened the package, some shirts were sewn crooked. I was using these for heat transfer shirts, and unfortunately, it was nearly impossible to line up the design straight because 2 of the 5 shirts were significantly crooked.
It turned out to be a triangle and a bit smaller than expected, ended up returning
The head band seems to be all made however the flowers are much larger than I was expecting.
Cute dress ,its just cut extremely small. I ordered a size up and it still fit small
Fabric is ok. Design not so bad. The stitching could use improvement around the sleeves and those bottom b triangular side pieces. All wrinkled up.
I decided to order a medium since the small was way too tight in the chest area. For reference I am 5'4”, 150 lbs, 32D. Cute dress though.
Thin, very cheap, like a loose swim cap, can see the hair underneath. I had to trim it to fit my son for a costume, that part was easy.
The torso of the dress is a bit tight if you like breathing or have ribs, so you should get a size or two larger than what you would regularly.
They stretched out when they got wet, otherwise nice looking short.
I bought for my mom. I gave it 3 stars because I think it was too thin. It came in with a lot of white fuzz. Not completely satisfied.
So I'ma be honest with you. This jacket is pretty cheap. The Sherpa is pretty thin and cheap, while the denim comes with a smooth touch. I feel like this jacket kinda sucks. I'm gonna get my money back on this. However the denim is great, but it just not worth the price.
Way too big. Gave to an older child of one of my friends.
just wish I did not have to iron
Very cheaply made. Runs small.
Cute and comfortable socks. I thought there would be 12 different designs. Bought as a white elephant gift and ended up having to buy something extra to add because I didn't want to give the same design on 3 pairs of socks.
Runs large and too bulky. Material is not as nice in person, but it is super warm.
The front part of the hat is too big, so I'm having trouble getting my ponytails or buns to sit where I want them. The material is stiff, so I'm hoping that with some wear it will fit better.
seemed small for male adult head
Came in properly packed and neat. The product is delicate, slightly loses some stitches that can be fix and see through but nice underneath the gown or dress. Thank you, anyway.
Cute shirt but not as red as I expected it has a little orange tone to it, otherwise it's okay.
Nice but order a size up unless you want it right. I wear a small sometimes a medium. Ordered medium in this and it's too tight.
Love the shirt wish it was a bit stouter
Not enough cushion - I wanted a big butt and hips!
I had to tuck the shirt it but it looks ok like that. Just not as comfortable, also it is one of those shirts you have to pull down constantly.
Good if you have long hair
These are AT LEAST an inch and a half longer than the store-bought jeans i already have and are a bit baggier. They are supposed to be the same original, regular fit Wranglers. They are not cut the same.
My shirt is not the length shown in the photo. (I purchased this because of the extra length) Its just regular shirt length.
I bought two hats each a different color. Two different brands showed up with this one being a little small and listed as one size. Other is a bit big.
Not a great layering piece, as it's too blousy and the sleeves don't lay flat.
Sizing is accurate. Material is really thin for the price. This is a shirt you could get at Target for $7. Nothing special.
My son wanted to be a storm trooper for Halloween. This costume is well made in a good fit and looks reasonably accurate for the price. We had to buy a different helmet because this one wasn't good enough. We also had to acquire a Star Wars blaster from eBay. And we live in West Virginia so Barefeet are okay. LOL. Actually he was just trying it on, and went outside for a quick picture to send to his mommy at work . Didn't realize he was barefoot till later.
Nice helmet. Did not come as advertised however. It doesn't have a liner at all. Real disappointed in that.
Good print quality but ran a small my daughter still loved the shirt
I WEAR PADS.. AND FOR SOME REASON.. PADS WILL NOT STICK TO THIS MATERIAL.. SO CAN'T USE THESE PANTIES!
Coat was nice but it was way small. Had to send back.
I like it a lot it fits good but only thing about it is that its a bit too loose on the bottom from front & back. And the bottom part doesn't look like the way it shows on the photo ive seen. So that's way im giving it a 3 star. Other then i'll get a little smaller size once i loose some weight.
Very lycra based.. would be nice if more cotton fabric based.. but fit was fine.. I'm usually a 6/8 for reference
This robe is not a light weight cotton summer robe. It's heavy in weight for a "cotton" robe and not a breathable fabric at all. I don't appreciate false advertising. I paid more for this robe than I would have for a polyester robe because I thought it was cotton. With all that said, I like the way the robe fits and looks on. It will be too hot for a summer robe which is what I bought it for but I will keep it for spring and fall. I bought my regular size and it fits as it should. Happy, Not Happy.
Only lasted half the swim season. A hole in the bottoms appeared between the stitching of the strings and the top got splotchy and weird looking.
I read the reviews before purchasing and they were negatives and positives. The dress was ok, but to many hanging threads. It was not as well made as I had hoped. I guess for the price it was ok. I returned it, not for me.
Good price but not long enough.
Received it sooner than I expected. Fits good! Can't wait to see results!!
I'm 5'7, pre-pregnancy 145lbs. Currently 160 2 months pp. It rides up and shows through my clothes. Love the idea of a progressive system, but can't fall in love with this.
Cute swim suit for my aqua class but the elastic by the legs is getting very loose. I have also noticed that the fabric is fading which is strange since I only wear it in an indoor pool and carefully rinse after each use.
Great product just not color i ordered or that was pictured
I liked the socks, except that I thought I ordered them in blue instead of black.
The color was a little bit different but it fit OK
Super sexy however I was missing 2 of the pieces to hold up the stockings so that was super disappointing
I didn't like the fabric or the cut. I returned it.
I like the look of this hat but it was too large on me and I returned it. i praise Amazon and their generous return policies.
Sleeves are really long. The “J” patch on the shoulder is very large and obnoxious.
Bought for my husband, he's a size large. Unfortunately, the fit around the arm is pretty tight. The rest fits true to size. He still wears it hoping it will stretch. Its a nice shirt, feels soft, I'd recommend buying a size up just in case.
I wear a small and these I ordered a med and its still to small. good material sizes are not right.
I got this for my son to wear to brother in law's wedding. It's adorable and soft which I loved. However, the snaps are plastic and do not stay closed so I had to give it a lower rating. It was frustrating and I wasn't happy my sons diaper was exposed half the time because the cheap snaps wouldn't stay closed
Good quality. Size 12-18 ran small for my 12 month old. The shirt didn't fit over his head....
Nice product but has hole in croch already and the little grippy bottom things are falling off... And for $80 I would think it should be made a little better
Too short and too small
Wanted to give your stars, because they feel good,but size was just a little tight and would get larger size next
Very cute suit. It was way too short through the torso. I ordered a large because I have hips but I'm only 5'5".
Very thin. I bought a medium usually wear a size 10 and they are hugh, at least elastic is attached so they stay up. There ok since I'm only wearing them to work. Decent for price. I'd go with dickies over this Cherokee brand any day
Cute and comfortable but they don't keep my feet any warmer than my regular socks. They're also very big, I wear I women's us 9 shoe and these socks are very baggy around the soles and toes. maybe that why they're not very warm?
The bottoms are very cute and the top isn't bad. It fit in the chest fine but the straps were very long on me.
They are a little too loose for me.
wrinkled some after washing. a little small than expected I would size up
I got a large and these are practically skin tight. Comfortable enough, but maybe go a size up.
A bit too large but it can work.
It does glow in the dark etc and really cue but much smaller then I realized.
They are thicker than most but still see thru
I'm always hesitant on how to rate an item I really like but that just doesn't work for me as I don't want to deter someone else from trying it. Overall this was an adorable dress at an affordable price. The fabric was soft and the weight of it was such that you could wear it most of the year. You could also dress it up or down with accessories. I purchased a size M but it was too small and returned. What I did not like about the dress was where the pockets hit my hips/thighs and the fit in that area was unflattering. I did not think ordering a size up would fix this issue so I am not planning to re-order.
So I got the set, both top and bottom. I had checked the sizing chart and ordered the 3XL that it said. The shirt fits rather small with NO give, the pants are HUGE. If I keep the pants I have to take a couple tucks in the pants waist and in both the let Sean's and then get them to fit.
Very nice pants. Fit is trim - but not skinny pants. Only issue is that material - which otherwise is very nice - has a noticeable snag. Might just be a fluke - curious if anyone else had this issue
The fit is good. Fabric is more on the thin side. It works ok so I am did not return it but I did not like how easy it is to wrinkle.
Shirt is of good quality. Print was shipped folded on it self and when separated of unfolded, the print tore and messed up. Learning to quit ordering crap online only to have to return it.
Well nothing wrong with the belt but I cut the thang to short so it's no good to me lol
It's cheap and you can tell . But I like it so 3 stars
I really wanted to love these pants, but they are just alright. The waistband is kind of tight and digs into all the wrong places. The waistband is wide to try to prevent rolling, but instead it rolls in half and makes the bunching/digging in issue worse. If I pull the pants to ride a little lower to solve this issue then the pockets fall at the wrong places. In addition there is a weird seam across the back of the pants along where the back pockets are, which I have never seen on any "real" pair of pants, so if they are trying to make these look like regular dress slacks I am not sure why that seam is there. They function for the time being, but wouldn't buy many more pairs.
One glove is fine - the other is difficult to put on. The lining moves so the fingers on the glove need to be manipulated in order to get your fingers in the glove. Otherwise, the gloves are nice, once you get them on.
Very thin material, See thru
The suit is really beautiful!!! However the top is not top-heavy friendly. The straps kept coming off and I felt like I would fall out at any time. The bottom was beautiful and fit comfy. It was just the bottom was too big while the top was too small. I'm short, only 5'4”, and it looked like a one piece. The price is great but sadly I'll be returning.
I like the quality but it was a lot tighter than I expected
very happy with medicine ball ,and jbl speaker
Seemed to run a little small. Ok quality. Good for the price I guess. Not really that soft.
This product seems comfortable and well made. My waist is a 37 and i got a medium n yet i fit comfortable on the 3rd row. I should've just went with a small. I was unable to get the best experience from the product due to it being too big. If I decide to get a smaller one Ill be able to give a more detailed opinion.
Black and grey bras are nice but for some reason the white one got completely shredded in the wash...and I washed all three of them together so it's definitely the quality
I liked the waistband. But these were pretty loose. I'm an 18 but should of opted for the regular size. And even with them being pretty loose, they are still extremely see thru. These will be base layer leggings for me now.
Super cute bathing suit, however, does not fit according to size. Went up a size and was still extremely tight had to return.
Just okay. Will keep it.
This material wasn't soft at all and that's just a deal breaker for me. The top was also a little weird feeling with the string and how the fabric moved on it.
Great color, feel & look great, I'm only complaint is that they do not stay up at all
The waist is too high and the bottom too long. I could get away with it but I like my leggings to be be fitted. I might have them altered or I send them back. Not sure yet. Fabric is on the thin size but not see through. Expected for the price. I am 5.2 so I would recommend for taller people! It adjusts well to my size which I am small/medium legging size. Perhaps they could create a petite size!
The style is cute but feels low quality
Fine for costume but broke 1st night
Colors not as described. We received royal blue and black. Runs a little small.
Just felt lose like it was going to fall apart easily.
I like the looks and warmth but the band is not adjustable and it falls to far down on my ears.
It was cute it was bought for my great grandson who is five and he really liked it
This costume was everywhere we thought it would be. So cute! My daughter is wearing it for Halloween 🎃
Slightly smaller and I had gotten a bigger size.
I have small hands, and these gloves were slightly large in the hand and too long in the fingers. Had to return.
The material was a bit thin & on a white fabric thin is not my friend. Recommend it in a darker color, or unless u dont mind ur undies showing through.,
I purchased a size "Large" and I wear a size 8-9 in jeans. This garment slid right on. Was not tight at all. If you prefer a more snug fit, I would order down a couple of sizes. It is a stretchy material as well. I am keeping for everyday wear, but not one to wear if I wanted more support. I gave it an avg. rating because I like that the back goes higher up and it feels comfortable, but I do not think the size chart is accurate and it is pretty stretchy.
Like the underwear even though a bit small. I thought I was getting two pair. That was very disappointing.
Sooo they are cute, BUT more like a thong than what's in picture. True to size tho, I personally wouldn't wear in public.
Thought it was going to have more stretch
It's a pretty dress and the royal blue color looked very flattering but it was WAAAAAY too big on me. I ordered a small since other reviews said to order down a size, but it is still really baggy on me. I'm 5'4, 30 weeks pregnant and about 145lb right now. The bust area was ok (36DD) but the torso and waist have way too much extra material. In the picture, I'm actually holding a bunch of material at the back to pull it tighter. Such a shame because it's adorable.
Pants are like stocking tights and see through a lil but not bad for toddler to wear under dresses or as play pants in the summer
Color and material is nice, blouse runs smaller than expected.
I got an XXL. Fits a little small
Just okay. It smelled foul when we first opened the package... Sprayed it with odor neutralizing spray and let it air out. My daughter likes the tutu and it fits her well. Not sure if I would order again, just due to the smell.
It will do but the hat is quite large so it fits loose.
You get what you pay for... sleeves are very tight
These are meant for someone with tiny feet. XL is not even close to plain large.
Functional but bigger than I wanted. I wanted something a little more compact
The seem up the butt or back is off center even after washing. No fading and very thin. Works for restaurant work pants covered by an apron
This costume was not as expected. The skirt was a little big, the top was too small, and the string for lacing you the corset is super flimsy! The waist sash had the decoration sewed on the wrong way. I ended up keeping the costume and replacing the string with ribbon. I bought a different waist sash.
These were ok and they shrunk a lot in the dryer but my biggest complaint is that these have a very stiff tag that could annoy little ones.
Based on the size chart a medium seemed the correct choice, but the waist and upper thighs were very loose. Without a tight fit this design would be really unflattering.
I think you should have sizes available, not just one size
Not a nice material, but fited well and looks good!
I loved the cut and flow of this dress. I really wanted to love it, but the fabric was really poor quality.
Nice fit, loose and airy
I loved these at first, and still do but there's a stitched portion that holds it together which has come apart on several. It's an easy fix but annoying as the support isn't great without it.
The fit is kind of awkward like its cut weird...but the printing is good quality and has held up to washes and hang drying.
Did not look great on me. With my size (14) need a more structured dress.
This beanie was a bit larger than expected, but was also very well made with thick material.
it was shipped in completely wrinkled way and received that way. should have been folded right and put in card board box . Received in bad shape. tried to iron it. also had a small tear near the pocket. don't know why amazon tried to save nice cardboard box and shipped in flimsy loose plastic sack. feel like returning it.
Too big for my legs but probably good for average size women Im 5.7 120 pounds
sewn together weird. doesn't fit the way I expected but imma wear cuz I paid for it.
Super thin and doesn't do much. Only worn once.
Still using it. The belt don't stretch at all The buckle is a 2 piece. The belt has unbuckled on its own about 8 times.
Not the qulity they use to be!
hard to get on ..zipper takes 3 hands....band rolls....it was cheap though..I thought I was paying 25 for one but it was for 3
The fit did not work for me . Too tight on waist and big on legs .
I ended up giving this to my daughter. Its really cute but a large is not a large.
The only complaint I have with this shirt is that the material is very thin. My tattoos are very visible through this shirt when it's dry, I'd hate to see how transparent it is when wet.
Not the best quality but will work and is cute enough. Has somewhat of a funny smell.
Poor quality wore and washed once and seam ripped. Put on for the second time and headed out the door, noticed a hole in the middle of a seam. Did like the fit and design
The sizes are wonky and the quality is kinda below average. Baby only wore the shirt bc the pants was two sizes two big.
The skirt is cute in person, but I wound up giving it to my sister because it was too short in the back for comfort. If you have any kind of booty be prepared.
Runs really, really small. I can normally wear L/XL but ordered up to a XXL since the material was listed polyester. Item in XXL seemed to be more of a Medium. Color and fabric were ok.
Good backpack, I use for my college
Cute onesie I bought for Halloween. Have had other onesies in the past and the quality of this one not as great. Fabric is thinner and fluffs a bit.
It sheds terribly! The scarf is a very soft material. The colors are vibrant. It's large and very warm. My only dislike is the first time I wore it my white blouse looked like I rolled in a pile of cat hair. I don't own cats. Very delicate to wash as the color bleeds in anything except ice cold water. Overall a decent scarf.
I returned this. The fit was okay but the slip underneath was so oddly colored that it took away from how cute the dress could be. They should make the slip the same color as the dress.
The tie kept coming loose and had to be tightened several times throughout the night.
I just received mine today. It matches my hair color it's silky soft that's a plus. I tried brushing it out and a lot of the hair was falling off. It's already tin as it is. I guess you get what you paid for. Good for a few uses.
I'm not sure who delivers these packages, it every time I order from here since I moved, They drop it off at the wrong address!
My husband always wears a large and these were too small
I had just lost all my baby weight but still didn't love my stomach so I thought this would be flattering but it really just looked like some of my maternity dresses. There was too much fabric in the stomach area and it just looks sloppy instead of "ruching." Would be a very cute maternity dress though!
Pretty dress but very thin fabric. Probably need to wear a slip underneath. But the price was right.
I typically use these for work. I'm around a size 18, most weight is in my hips; I ordered a 3X and the fit is OK. They're a little loose on my waist and form fitting the rest. Definitely go at least 1-2 sizes up.
Bought my original size, it was too big and looked unflattering. The shirt was cute and really soft though so I returned it and got a smaller size. It fits much better, but I still don't really like how big and long the front is. It literally looks like a maternity shirt. The front is considerably longer than the back, which I feel makes it look frumpy. I'm going to keep it because otherwise it's cute. And the material is very soft and stretchy. You will love this if you are pregnant or have a larger midsection you want to cover.
I wouldn't recommend this dress for women 5'3 or under because of the length. I had to hold the dress when walking because I would trip over the bottom of the dress.
I love the hat. It's very solid and feels good. I gave only 3 stars because it had a ravel on the bill when I got it. Other than that, I'm very pleased with the hat.
It was lil bit too tight for my feet even though I wear 11 But overall good quality
the chemical smell is terrible, but it worked for what its intended for.
Tried the XXL and it was too big, replaced with the XL and it's too small. Also, the brim doesn't look like the picture. At all. Curvature is too extreme for me.
The elastic waistband is a bit narrow compared to other "tummy control" capris out there. The pocket is nice, but I was pretty disappointed that there was just one pocket on the right-hand side. These were good for the price, but I don't see them holding up forever.
This picture for pecan makes it look like its nude. It is not. It is a tan brown. I can rate the performance because I had to return it.
I was hopeful but this dress (size large) felt gappy on the top and like it slightly narrowed at the knee causing the skirt to feel tighter than the picture shown. I had to return it.
Just bought this to play dress up for my boyfriend. I ordered a large but should have ordered a medium. I'm 5'4 and 210 lbs and this was huge. My friend had to take it in up top quite a bit. Nice soft stretchy material though.
Material is a little thinner than expected and we'll have to hope it still fits come spring as it will be more suitable then but it is still very cute
The robe is great. Good quality on the cloth itself. The horns are cheap, they don't hold up. And the cord was not included. If the cord was included I would have given one star more. Would have given 5 stars if everything was included and the horns were not cheap material.
The black cap is noticeabley larger than the gray cap. It's odd. But overall I can still wear both to sleep and isn't entirely bad.
The shirt does run small. So I would order a size larger. The colors are actually darker then what it looks like it the pictures.
I like this shirt but it took 2 months to get.
Super cute, unfortunately they got a hole in them after only wearing 2 times. The holes are at the tip on each sock by my second toe. And no, my toenails are short so it wasn't my nail causing the hole. Sad but I will stitch them up so I can at least get a few more wears out of them.
it,s good but slippery
Ordered this for my son who is turning 9 and sizing chart said to order size large 10-12. Came today and is giant. Literally is a little big for me. I'm 5'7” and 120 lbs...... Extremely disappointed. His birthday is in 2 days and now I don't have time to order another. Upside is that it came pretty fast and material is good. So I guess if you can somehow guess the right size you'll be happy.
I guess I overdid it on the size. It's too big based on the size chart so now it's not even shape wear, just another layer of clothes. Def size down so it gives you shape.
These were a good buy for the price. They are a little bit bigger than I expected, but I still wear them. Just have to pull them up from time to time. The quality is also a little less than expected. I much prefer the jeggings I have from Sam's Club. Still not bad for the price.
They were just fine until I wore the second pair and after one wearing there was a hole in the toe of one of them. It may have been an unusual incident which will be obvious with the wearing of the others.
Everyone's body is shaped differently, but I got this to help with my post baby belly. The part that fits around the lower waist is perfect, it's higher up where it's too big so it's not the most comfortable thing to wear for 8 hours.
The dress has a nice fit and feel, other than it is way too short. I will be returning
The box came in damaged and opened. The sunglasses inside we're fine how ever.
If you're looking for a sturdy bag-- keep on searching cuz this aint it! It is nice quality though, and very pretty.. just didnt realize it wouldnt sit up. Theres nothing wrong with the bag itself..
width is too narrow. woild be nice if the width be a few inches wide to complement the length.
Not bad but they are not tagless. There is a tag on the inside of the left hip and it's annoying.
Very slow shipping! Not worm at all.
They're to short, the bra needs to be wider and the elastic needs to be thicker and hug better.
Pretty sweater but the itchiest material sleeves are short
I enjoy this skirt but have difficulty after it has been washed. The elastic part comes out of the side panels and the top doesn't stay looking nice. The little belt loops just ripped off recently with a little bit of wear. I enjoy the feel of the skirt but I would not order again.
These fit fine/somewhat small, but are made of very thin fabric. They are really more like think tights. Fine only if you plan to wear with a long tunic.
I had purchased this same style of shirt through Leisurely Pace just a couple months before I bought this one. The first style was actually made of polyster, but I feel like it had a better fit, was softer, and kept me cooler. Maybe its the cheap quality of linen, but this version was a little coarse and made me feel warm and uncomfortable when I tried it on. I also followed the sizing guidelines and bought the same size of shirt as before, but this linen is a little more rigid and more form fitting, as opposed to their polyester version, which was a little loose and perfect for warm weather. Definitely disappointed they don't sell the other version anymore.
its a good product, it does get tighter after washing and the bad gets all weird. maybe wash on gentle cycle.
if i were going to wear this scarf around my neck, i wouldn't have minded as much that it was nothing like the image and would've only given the product 4/5 stars, but since i wear scarves as headwraps, i can't wear this, so it's getting 3/5 from me. it looks nothing like the picture. it didn't have tassels at the end; instead, it had fringes (like the seafoam scarf in the customer images). thank god i ordered it early enough to return it.
The fit is great and I love that this is a lot longer than most other swim skirts, but it gets really heavy when wet and takes forever to dry.
Runs a bit small. Came on time, however looks sort of like the photo but not as I thought. The neckline fits funny
Cheap, cheap, more like a bra than a shirt.
The shirt is very long and the space under the arms is very big. It's very stretchy but it's also very slender around the bottom. Print quality is good.
I wore one of the bras on a hot day and felt like it was scratchy under the breast. I did wash the bra a no change. It is definitely not good for hot days because it made me sweat and did not absorb very well. This might be better for the winter or cold weather days.
The leg warmer elastic is not good quality - the brown and white roll down often.
good product to wear under dresses. After wearing 4 times it broke. Really desapointed.
It works well, but on hot days (humidity) moisture will seep through the bag onto your stuff, this may not be a problem for everyone. Other than that it works.
They're white rags we wear on our bodies - who cares? They're white in color. They were correctly numbered as a six-pack (not me however). I didn't win the lottery wearing them or burst into flames folding them. Good enough.
One size smaller than seller recomended.
Good quality, warm but a bit short for my 6'0 husband.
I purchases two of these bras due to the simple fact that the were cut low by the armpit, Both on the listing images and on images reviewers posted. I just received both of my bras ... and the design is different ! The band under my armpit is as thick as my hand. At no point does it dip down in a V by the band. I will most likely keep one and return the other so I st least have something for my recovery until I find a different one.
It wasn't as long as pictured. Fit more rouched than expected
I ordered one size up from what I normally wear and they were still too small. They felt cheap and I just wasnt impressed with the quality, fit, or feel of these. They got returned.
Cut, light but see through!
Received a larger size than what I originally ordered. Too big in the chest area.
Love the style of the jacket and fits true to size. Fabric is already pilling
I am only 5 feet tall so this dress was super long.
Color had more green than I was expecting in this yellow. Will return.
Tight around my bust and the sleeves restricted elbows from movement. I dont like the fabric and feels uncomfortable.
Comfy, cute, patches are not on elbows though.
Took forever to arrive from China, but the price was right. Definitely not cashmere, more like those fuzzy sleep socks you can find at places like TJ Maxx for 7.99
The material cause lint and everything to snag and catch on it.
Does not fit true to size. Tight in the arms and I don't have extra large arms, however I am plus size. But I don't usually have trouble with sleeves and these were ridiculously tight. Disappointed because it's cute. I assume as usual the smaller sizes don't have this issue.
I bought the 3-6 month package. It was way too small for my 4-month old grandson, about the size of the 0-3 month onesies that we still have stored. It is about 1" shorter in the shoulders than his correctly-sized 3-6 month onesies.
Lace is nice quality. Sized too small.
Size runs small so if you are large but a XL It will fit you better
Low quality (read: stiff & a bit itchy) but worked for wearing two times with a Halloween costume.
Not one of the best scarves, the is a lot of shedding and it runs small, I wouldn't order it
Ok. These are adorable, but they run HUGE. I don't think my daughter will fit these until she's 2-3 years old...
Dress was ok, but looked very check in person. Returned!!!
Material is really cheap feeling.
Fits a little tight in the chest area. But on a workout plan so I do nit want to send it back. Pretty dress but thin.
Seemed like good material but the waist band was entirely way too tight , I could not even pull them over my hips. I love leggings and always purchase large but it seems these run pretty small.
I wear a 3X, or a 20-24 in plus size. I ordered a larger size because I saw others posting about the fit. Glad I did! Fabric is a bit thin, so this shirt won't last long.
The shirt is great. However, it took ages to be delivered. I considered canceling several times but my nephew wanted the shirt.
The fit is not bad, but I was expecting the material to be more sturdy.
Not comfortable like Lulu
asked for a refund, not yet rec'd.
Cute, easy and cheap. I normally wear medium but ordered a large because the reviews said they run small. The shirt still fit tight. They fit 2 sizes too small, so don't expect it to be lose and flowing unless you got 3 sizes or more up from your regular size. Ask not as moisture wicking bit name brands but there are great if you are wanting to add more workout shirts to your rotation. The colors are also true to the picture.
I'm a 36C or 34d, and the cups on this bra are just way too small. It looks like a training bra. I also like the one-size-fits-all style that doesn't have a clasp in the back.
Shirts ran small, so I will be returning them. Reordered larger sizes. Loved shirts other than sizing.
The idea of this product is great....for smaller breasts. I'm 32 DDD and I would for sure not trust these for an extended period of time. It slowly started to pull away from my skin minutes after application. I'm too scared to wear these out in public to know for sure but it's a no go for me.
These bras aren't to bad for what you pay for. I wouldn't say their the best thing, but they aren't super cheaply made. It would be cool if they had large/x-large. Their soft in some places but not in others. Again, you get what you pay for.
My daughter likes hers. Material not the best
It's definitley lemon not white or cream. Sizewise, on the smaller side. Looks like it will shrink if I tumble dry. I am disappointed because of the color but design itself is cute.
It's a nice quality sleep sack, but the weight in front was not effective.
These were way too large. I'm a women's 8. The heal rested on my ankle. I returned them.
Really wanted to like it but to small.
This robe is not very comfortable and I'm not crazy about the fabric.
don't stretch that good too small for an extra large extra large is like a medium
Fair quality. Small zipper. True to size.
Very cute dress though
Well there this plastic feeling area inside on the back that sticks and is very uncomfortable on one pair
Quality is fine, definitely not what I would describe as heavyweight so that is somewhat disappointing. More of a mid-weight.
Definitely a little bigger than I wanted but I ordered on the safe side. I love the design but, as I expected it to be, the quality is not great. It just feels cheap. Still a great novelty item!
THIS IS A VERY PRETTY HAT BUT NOT FOR ME.
From the description and reviews I thought the waist band was designed to fold over. When I received the skirt it was an elastic waistband and is almost too tight to be worn comfortably. I was planning on ordering other colors but decided against it because of the waist. The fabric is nice and soft.
Comfy but the color is bright red. Not what was expected.
Ordered a size bigger so they would fit loose. Actually tighter than a size smaller from a different company. Quality does seem very good though.
They're are ok. They are low enough they don't show but they still slip
It's a very thin polyester material. Looks like thick cotton in the photo, you'll be disappointed. Should've been $10-$15 dollars instead of $22. The print on it looks great!
It fits exactly how I wanted. One of the seams is frayed and there's a whole in the side - straight out of the package. That's reallly disappointing. Otherwise, the length and fit is great.
I'm so disappointed and saddened. I ordered this dress in a Large because usually size 14 is way too big for me. I ordered it for Mothers day through my husbands account and all the reviews I read said true to size. I got it the day before mother's day and saw that the whole true to size was not true for me. The dress is beautiful and fit everywhere else except one spot in the back. I saw the size chart and the XL would have been way too big for me. I admit it broke my heart. I had high hopes to wear this for my special day, but it didn't work out. Plus the company doesn't do same day deliveries and it is now out of stock for the next size up. I tried to even go to a taylor to see If they could do anything which they could not. Sadly disappointed.
Very pretty, fit well, but the electronic touch finger pads don't all work.
I ordered the same size in different colors and the navy are about 4 inches larger in the waist than others others.
Pretty but too small. Order XL and gave it to my niece who wears a medium.
Runs small and pricey
I Was not crazy about the seams of the dress.
Upper left pocket too small to hold a smartphone. Lower right pocket will hold ID and credit card that's about it. Pockets are way too small
It looks good and haven't used it yet.
These are nice looking gloves, very sporty and they fit snug which I love. I'm a woman, about 5'6" and 140 lbs. Bought size small and I may have been able to get away with the next size up, but I'm keeping these because I really needed some gloves. The touch screen pads are nice, really functional and do sit on the tips of your fingers unlike some gloves that fall to the side and then don't really work. The material is smooth, kind of soft and thick, so very flexible and a little stretchy. My only real complaint is that they don't keep my hands very warm if outdoors for an extended period of time. They are pretty good for running, driving, shoveling snow. Although my hands were cold just from my car steering wheel.
because they stretch you loose some of the color/ image . Wouldn't buy them again, but they feel nice
it's pretty short and a bit see through.. I had to return it because when I bent over you could see everything. also there's no button to connect the side to it just like other reviews said...
Nice jacket except it didn't come with a hood like in the picture.
This dress is very nice, however, the color is way darker than the picture shown. I'm going to keep the dress anyway because it is flattering on and pretty in color.
The credit card holders were not up to my specific needs
Ok eye glasses case. Too small to be considered a sunglasses case.
Cute but when my baby is in his stroller the glasses come off because the temple is too long, it his the back of the seat
I ordered the charcoal color expecting the light grey that they show, but instead I got a dark grey that is not nearly a pretty as what I thought I ordered.
I like the pants right now. Comfortable and fit well. Have washed a few times and not sure how well the shape will hold. I will update after a few more washings.
The Print job on the shirt was poorly done and picture of Bob Ross and lettering is cracking. It looks like an old shirt instead of brand new. I would not recommend ordering this shirt from this company.
Hat was a good size but the 'straw' was plastic. Not exactly what I wanted but will use anyway. Might wash up well.
Really could not hold all the cards I use, very hard to take out the cards i put in there
Dickies has always had pretty great quality, but this pair of pants ran small. Ordered a different pair of pants in the same order, same size taken from the pants i was wearing when i made the order. The pants i was wearing were loose, the jeans i ordered were about right, and the dickies, well i had to suck it in a bit to close the clasp.
This is a very cozy, soft sweater. But the size small was overwhelming on my 5'3" frame.
The back clips are actually backwards the flip down clasp is facing your body which I consider to be wrong
Typically wear a medium and needed a large. I wear a size 4 in pants and could even get the bottoms on. bottoms are pretty skimpy.
I like the product I see in the picture and I have bought in stores. However, the product I got is very much darker and behaves as cotton (not sleek as in the picture) . After a month it looks old and shabby. The one sold by amazon is made of polyester/spandex (dull kind of polyester) and the one in the picture, which I have bought in stores is made of nylon/spandex which stays nice longer.
Based on the sizing chart (waist measurements) I opted for a medium, but a small would have probably fit better. It is still wearable though. The fabric is nice and I have no complaints about shipping and delivery. I'll probably order this dress again, one size down in another color.
Durable. Went by the size chart and they were still to small.
Slippery, has a tendency to fall out of shirt unlike plastic stays due to weight.
I ordered this to use for a photo session, it's not my favorite though. The lace and arms have a weird edging.
This Wallet was bought for daughter cause she loves cats, but however its poor quality and not made to be used why I give three stars.
I really love the shape of these and they are SO COMFORTABLE!!! However....there is no cotton liner on the inside so it's literally one layer between me and my pants. If you use any kind of thong pantyliner these will not work as they won't stick to this fabric. Kind of a bummer.
I use these shirts for working out. They are great but sometimes they shrink too much. Always order a size larger.
I really wanted to like these socks but they were too narrow and just wouldn't stay on my feet.
I didn't like it has two different fabrics and I think that's why it doesn't fit as expected . Because one is kind of loose while the other fabric is tighter to your body.
A little narrower then hoped but the print and graphics are great
Comfortable..but the top is a bit tight on calf.
I ordered an xl & am still thinking about returning because it does not run true to suze.
Everything works so far. Just not a good toy for kids.
Not for large chested woman! Doesn't hang right!
the belt didn't line up--it's shifted in the middle
These run on the large side for sure. Definitely not push up, and quite a bit of extra fabric not really needed. They are very comfy though and easy to hook/unhook.
They are warm but small holes came in the thumb within a month. Used to ride 4 wheeler open barn sliding door and carry a bucket. No heavy chores. You can see hole in thumb
Its cute and super soft but I've worn it maybe 10 times and it's already torn at the seam
Love the outfit but the 5t runs a bit small. Daughter will only get to wear it a few times. But it's cute.
Kind of itchy/scratchy lace, very unlike their other soft products I have
I have a well-endowed booty & this dress barely covers it! Lands just passed the cheek. Definitely must wear tights/shorts/leggings or something underneath.
The material on this isn't great. Its thick and not breathable. Not very appropriate for summer.
Looks nice never wore it because it came bigger than expected.
Leggings were very small. They are a cute print.
Very pretty, but not as shown. Much shorter - will not wrap. Will only cross in front or tie in back.
Too small for my head. Not as full as it shows in the picture.
had a hole on the foot on 1 pair, very tight around ankle I have to fold over so it doesn't dig in so much. YUCK
Fabric is great, comfy, fits as expected. Perfect for bottoms, a little loose on my top. I am 5'6, 130 lbs. only disappointment is it came with odd stains? It fit enough for me that I took tags off before I saw it. That's disappointing because it's very cute.
I like the look. Which is really why I bought these. However, wearing them for any length of time is not exactly comfortable. They bind and ride up.
lovely artwork but the fabric is not very good. It's very cheap and doesn't have a quality look, feel, or hang. It was a cheap shirt and it looks and feels like a cheap shirt so there's that
Fits as expected and seems like a decent quality and well made. However the item had a funny kind of smell to it and needed to be washed right away. No issues after being laundered.
They were a lot shorter than expected. I do like the material.
It is a really cute outfit. The material is a bit thin. I ordered 0-3 months and it looks more like it would fit 6-12 months. It says 100% cotton so maybe after washing it will shrink.
Fits perfect, way too sheer it shows EVERYTHING and the V neckline isn't as deep as I wanted it.
Went by size chart and ended up with a product at least one size bigger. Breast padding unfortunately sewn in, not easy to remove. Breast area is not staying on the breast, but is gliding up as there is no reinforcement just bellow the breasts. To get the underneath area fitting enough to keep the cups in place I should maybe go 2 sizes down, but in that case the skirt area would also be very snug...I'll be able to wear this with a bra underneath, not on its own. Or I may be try to adjust it....get out the pads, and sew in some material where needed. Material and design looks great!
They are all slightly different in size...
I bought this shirt about 3 months ago and loved it but unfortunately stained it so I ordered another and then when it came it was a completely different shirt with a totally different fit. I was very disappointed and just want the original shirt. Maybe I'll try again.
I was a bit disappointed in the weight of this robe. for the price, it is a good buy. I just wanted a heavier cozy one
This dress is Gorgeous! BUT it runs a little small. It also has the pleats placed in such a way that it makes even skinny girls look thicker in the hips.
I bought these for my wife, a huge Harry Potter fan, as a Christmas gift. I was hoping they would look like the photo, but when she put them on they didn't go past her mid-calf. She's about 5' 6", with a size 8.5 shoe. Other than the sizing issue they were fine.
These are cute, but I don't believe real silk. They were worth what I paid for then, and I am using them.
The sticker wasn't quite as expected from the picture.
Great color! But runs a bit small
The top is way to small I'm a 32 c and it doesn't cover anything. Also the bottoms are way to big. I feel like I need a lg top and a small bottom since I orderd a med!
Comfy but a bit big for women, but I was too afraid the ladies size would be too tight.
I really like the concept and it's much more comfortable than anything else I have for this purpose, however, it's a bit loose. I've already worn and sweat in it so I'm not going to send it back, just wish I got it a size smaller.
Instead of being Small, it's Medium!
This is a fitted dress and after trying it on, was a little to risque for me. I had to return it.
Do not like the open pocket shorts pocket to small to safely carry money,change, or cell phone in but the zipper pocket shorts are great and I ordered 2 more pair and use the open pocket ones as sleeping shorts.
Pretty dress. Lined, but there is ALOT of dress, and it can be difficult to don. Don't buy if you're plus size, unless you like a loose, shapeless fit
I'm 5'5” and 135 lbs. and the Medium was too small. It did not blouse at the tie waist like the picture and fabric made it look more like pajamas
This is an inexpensive lightweight sweatshirt and is a reasonable value for the $10 charged for it...but it is quite small and flimsy by comparison to Carhartts products of similar design. Order at least one size larger than needed. maybe two.
The red is more pink
Sizing is way off, order a M if you are a L.
I got the extended size so they'd be easier to get on but they're really just as tight as the regular size.
I find putting these visors on hard to do - perhaps it's just me. Good price and sun protection is good also.
Super cute dress, however the sleeves are wide open all the way to the skirt. Shows a little more skin than I'm ok with.
I live 40 miles from a UPS store. Our local store does fed ex and ups is not authorized to take it, or print the label off my phone. Cheaper to keep it. Not happy about your return program!!!!😡
Only maybe a quarter of the mane it shows in the picture, the pink and white, was actually on it.
This dress was just ok. It was the way the pockets flared that I didn't like. I gave it away.
They were thin but otherwise ok. Good for warmer temps.
There nice and fit snug, however they look a little cheap in person. The image makes the leather shiny but there not it to me looks cheap.
Its a pretty color and my teenage son likes the color, but it's to tight to wear comfortably. Hes not large kid so it's not his head size that's the issue. Hes currently trying to stretch it out.
Arms are small but enjoying the design
The product didn't fit like a 2X so it was unfortunate and a bummer But I really like the color and style of it.
It's cute, but the fit is bad. I got the medium to fit my 32G chest: I'm about 135lb. The shirt fit my shoulders and chest nicely but was baggy in the stomach and arms. Pretty unflattering.
Item is 2 sizes smaller but quality is not bad
Okay, did the same as the tank tops I get at Kohls. Did not like the wires at the top. Didn't see that in the description. Just okay.
These socks are amazing the first time you wear them. But, by about three washings they shrink to half their size and get brittle and tattered. If you don't mind getting them on the subscription and plan to change them out once a month then I'd say go for it. But, these socks aren't made to last much longer than that. I've tried two orders with consistent results.
The leggings arrived within two days of ordering, are very soft and buttery, as others said. The main thing I didn't like is they don't stay up at the waist too well. So I'm constantly pulling them up. Perhaps that will change after washing them, which I hope. Thanks.
Smaller than expected. Pockets are nice. Material does not feel like it will last long though.
Very cute print, but not very soft fabric. For the price it's a good deal, though.
Nice but runs to big
Concept beautiful, but the cut made it shift to only one side...
Love the look and fit but wish it wasn't see through, I don't own a slip and so not sure how I can pull this off.
The quality is way low but they're fine for sleeping in. I definitely would not wear these out or even answer the door in them, but they're fine.
Not bad for the price. Just need for costume. I recommend going a size up. Material is see through and almost delicate.
I'm usually a size 4-6 or medium I swim suit bottoms. Bought a medium,This waist was ridiculously tight creating an unattractive bulge in the peekaboo strip. The top was borderline too big unless straps adjusted to the tightest position. Style is great but fit is awful. It's going back
My son likes it but it's too small.
Very comfortable, and easy to put on. I do not like how the wire in it is so flexible, bends up in my rolls. For the price its a good product. Im 5'3" and around 200lbs and a XL does well for me.
Very heavy material and seems small for a XL
The top is too long. It covers the belt. Otherwise, good costume.
Average, no better or worse than other shirts available. Heavier weight material than I was expecting based on the description. Actually wanted a lighter weight t-shirt
These jeans are cute, soft and comfortable. However, they wore out quick in areas. You get what you pay for,
Cheap material which should be expected but once dressed up it is really nice
Sweet idea, shirt fits right, however there is a scuff on the print. Might as well ordered a new shirt with a grease stain on it.
My wife called these wife beater shirts. They are ok, but aren't lasting well through the wash. Perhaps my wife is doing something to them as she really doesn't like these shirts. Hmmmm
It's not bad for the price but have it has a dent in the middle of bra and the straps are lose and everything
The fabric is too stiff. I like my PJs to be soft and warm. These are not.
To me dress Was decent quality I have broad shoulders and big arms and smaller bottom I'm size 18 and purchased the 5X large This dress fit very exact and made me look like I had on a uniform Didn't like how it looked on me perhaps someone else with a different body form will love it !
This jacket is very pretty and well made. The sleeve, shoulder and jacket length were perfect but the sleeve width was pretty snug and the front didn't come anywhere close to touching in the chest. I gave it three stars partly because the fit ran small from my normal size (also my measurements matched the size chart for the size I bought) but mostly my rating is because the side slit pockets fell behind my hips rendering them useless. They were very noticeable as the lining showed each time I bent, turned or sat.
I ordered according to the size chart measurements and when I got it three days later it was big everywhere, I use it still I just zip my neoprene sweat shorts over. I should've ordered a small
The white pair had black marks in it
Comfortable and light weight. Threads pulling from day 1. Drawstring pulled through from 1st wash.
needs to be looser at top, a bit to tight, leaves mark on leg after wearing all day
Bought this for my husband He is 6' and slim, likes his clothes on the loose side This fit him nicely, but the sleeves are WAY TOO LONG After washing, I'm going to have to shorten the sleeves at least 3 inches Otherwise, very nice quality, nice and soft
it is okay for the price. The clasp is not great quality, and the band is pretty thin overall. Not a terrible option if you're on a budget.
It's already. Material isn't very soft and feels kinda cheap.
The fabric feels nice and the tunic looks good - for about a couple of hours into wearing it and then it looks like you slept in it. I have a busy life and wouldn't buy anything that needs ironing ... So not a good purchase . Probably won't wear it again. On the other hand, might be good as a nightshirt - then it doesn't matter what it looks like ...
Fairly thin and we wore through a single pair in just three wearings. Cute though if only for dress socks
I bought these five months ago, and I just now realized that they are totally see-through. Imagine my horror! This set (black two-pack) is a different material - a higher cotton content than my other pairs of 90 degree leggings. I still love the brand and will continue to buy their pants, but I wish they would make it clearer which pants are the shinier/opaque material and which should be used strictly for layering under other clothing.
A very pretty suit but was too short in the body for me. A friend also bought one and it works perfectly for her. I did return it.
It was cute, but ended up not keeping it because the brim blocks my vision unless I turn the it up, at which point the hat is no longer cute, imo
The socks goes up too far on the top of the foot and will show through on a nice pair of loafers.
Love the colors! The material is like a thicker pantyhose rather than a thicker leggins. They are more see through than leggings...
Not as pretty as the picture. Nice dress but not the best choice.
I would of gave this 5 stars but the tank on inside is a size 8 and I ordered a 10 the pants and duster is a size 10 but not the tank 😕 Hopefully it fits if not I will be returning
The shirt is OK because of the price.
I love the way these yoga pants look! They are very soft. They are thin enough that you can see colored underwear through them. I give them 3 stars because they tore the first time a dog jumped up on me, which is way too delicate for a pair of pants in my opinion.
I am a size 16 and I ordered the XL. It for but it shows everything. Every line which makes it hard to find undergarments that will work. And every uneven curve and bump. If you have any cellulite I wouldn't recommend it. I bought it for my baby shower but was too embarrassed to wear it. I ended up going to Motherhood Maternity to buy another dress last minute that was a lot thicker and didn't show any bumbs or lumps other than the bump I want to show off!
Disliked that you can only use it once.
Love the look and feels good
I chose these socks because they seemed like they were cut half way up the foot but when I got them they are cut right below the ankle. The gel pad on the back of the foot is nice and large (see photo) but the sock cuts into my foot at the edges which aren't super stretchy. The rest of the sock is comfy but I wish it matched the product photo. I'm not sure if I'm going to keep them.
The second and third buttons popped off
The green/yellow is really bright in person. Stands out in a bad way. Great quality but coloring is not as good as it looks in the photos.
Great quality but too big
I used them once and had to take them off when I got to my destination. Because one of them didn't want to stay put no matter how many times I fixed it.
Worked well for a Halloween costume. Held together appears to be good quality. Oder up a size or 2 even from their size chart.
These felt a little more lightweight than midweight. Husband is tempted to wear 2 of these to keep warm in 40-50 degrees F. M size for waist is fine, the legs were suuuper long for someone that's almost 6 foot. We do like the material though.
I really like the material and the sizing of this bralette. I think it's super high quality, but the sewing on the cup part of the bra is weird. I got a size S and I am an A cup, so I expected it would fit. But it seems the cups are slightly too big because the sewing still makes the ends look kinda pointy.
I loved this outfit , but I am too long waisted for it. I am 5'7. The color is bright and the weight of fabric was great.
Too small in the bust. Not very flattering. I like the color and design and the fabric felt nice. The inner lining was snug which didn't make it very comfortable. I returned it.
The jacket was delivered in a timely manner. I'll give a 5 for that The jacket fit just right I ordered my regular size I would normally. I'll give a 5 for that. The jacket looks like it does in the picture. I'll give a 5 for that. The jacket is more of a costume quality jacket but I did only pay 60 something So you get what you pay for. Not bad for the price I paid.
Great, well made, shirts at a fantastic price. It's the smallest Extra Large shirt I have ever tried to wear. I will be giving them away to my smaller friends.
2.5 stars would probably be the best rating. I ordered the "strappy crop tank top bustier" with the lines of elastic across the back. It's supposed to be "one size fits most" but there isn't much stretch to it. For reference, I am 5'6" 142 pounds with small boobs but athletic build/wide rib cage/shoulders. The way the elastic across the back is sewn on makes the straps fold up funny kind of ruining the effect. Also, the pads that come in this bra were deeply wrinkled and creased and look a little funny. Overall, I really wish there was a way to order this bra in an actual size, because I think if it wasn't so snug I would really like it. Probably not worth the hassle to return so I will see if I can sew the straps to keep them from flipping and hope it stretches out a little.
It's a nice coat...I fall in love with it when I saw it .but somehow didn't like the fit
These ride extremely low on the hips... To be fair, I am tall. But these are like "hip huggers" and not loose at all.
It is super cute but if you have a long torso make sure to order up because the length is kinda weird.
I ordered two sizes up after reading reviews and that was a mistake. It swallowed me whole. I would stick with true to size. It's a cute dress but the sleeves were really puffy. It's much cuter in the picture than in person.
I should have read the reviews and bought two sizes up, but I bought XL. I'm a 35 waist and these are so tight the color of the pattern completely changes due to stretching so much.
I wore this to a pop culture convention and only lasted about 20 minutes as sweat was literally pouring out of the mask. Really the only air vents are the eyes.
I wear a medium in normal clothes, but typically get a large in pj's so they are nice and roomy. I ordered a large with this and it fit exactly as I thought it would. The material is really soft, but smelled TERRIBLE out of the package. It was like a weird metallic sour smell. I had to wash them twice before the smell came out. The shorts don't have a front/back, so they aren't the most flattering. They work well for what I wanted.
Super cute, fit great... but not low rise. These are mid-rise jeans for me, which I don't like. Loved everything else about them though. True to size.
From the picture, I had hoped this would be a little higher quality, but the print looks almost cartoonish. It fit fine, but I sent it back immediately. Just wasn't what I was looking for.
This top is pretty durable. I use one of the tops almost daily and it is starting to show signs of wear after about 9 months. These are not as thick as the identical brown ones I bought first. The brown were super thick and I still have those and they aren't close to wearing out.
It's really heavy material. If you have any gut, you're probably not going to like how it fits in the middle.
Wasn't quite as long as I had expected. Still fits but I was thinking it was going to be longer
These are cute but shorter than anticipated. Nice range of colors and comfortable.
I think the idea behind this product is good. I used these with my first child and then decided to get another pair for my second child since the first set was looking a little worse for wear. The material has changed in the two years time and not quite as soft but in all of them, the back hemline comes out quickly. It can still be worn but frustrating that it happened so soon on all of these shirts. That said, it's better for me than a traditional nursing tank since I like to be able to wear a bra that is more intended for my well endowed top.
Love the pocket but even small size is still little bite too big for me, should have a XS small for waist line 28
its still a tad bit big and you need big boobs to fill it out haha but with the right bra i made it work lol
We were happy until the seam opened on one pair, just 2 days after the return window closed. Using as lounge pants, so really a manufacturing defect.
I ordered the wrong size but keep it and gifted it to someone else. I may order again in a smaller size.
I wear a medium underwear and got a small. It is enormous and I had to take several inches off the sides
Soft material but colors don't really resemble what you actually get. Red is more strawberry red. Purple is more Barney then plum.
The pocket system is very useful in my line of work. I am able to keep different parts and tools organized on me without having to wear tool-bags or aprons. The pants are very comfortable and do not cause excessive sweating, yet most cold mornings they seem to hold the heat in. The only reason for the three stars is the fact that my back pockets tore along a side causing me to loose drop tools, and almost loose my phone.
Super cute except when opening the package, the pink (bday girl) button broke completely.
I like the fabric. Doesnt bunch up under skirts but the waist is slightly big. I think that is a flaw where the elastic was put in too big so now it can't stretch. My grandbaby complains about that. I think they could have done a better job since these arent cheap.
My son really wanted this hoodie so when it arrived he was pleased. It is very thin however and there were several loose threads. The style is neat and different. For the price I was expecting something a little bit better quality however.
These get worn once a year, they are cute, but barely get used for anything, maybe more of a gag gift for a cat lover.
It does not fit like the photo. It's spandex tight across the chest and arms. It's OK and I was able to wear it but, it was not what I expected based on the photos.
I purchased the smallest size, and it was still too big on me. For reference, I am 5'2" 110 lbs. this thing was more like a giant bathrobe minus the waist tie. Also there was a hole on one of the seems before I ever put it on. The seller said it was too expensive for them to pay for shipping for me to return it, so they offered 50% of my money back on a gift card. Oh well
This jacket is great, the fit is good and it shows it can stand up to the weather
It just didn't look like the picture. more like a thick shouldered tank top than the flowing top that is pictured. But I Kept it anyway.
Ripped easily, not my favorite purchase.
Material is thin. The length of the arms is more three quarter length and one arm sleeve was surged at the end while the other arm was just cut off material.
Chemo cap for cancer patients. I didn't care for the material returned
Did/didn't like the material it was made of. Sturdy but wind flows freely through it. Great for summer if you live in a windy area terrible if during winters.
The right one is great, but the left one is already falling apartment from less than a week of wearing them on my commute.
I mean they are socks and you get a lot for cheap, they are almost scratchy feeling and they are pretty tight on the ankles, doesn't bother me but my limbs are thin so if you are bigger it may be too tight. They do what they need to do though!
Soft and fit me. Could have gone a size down I bought small and I'm 5'5” 141 lbs with a short torso. Received with a small hole in the stitch but I'm overall happy with the purchase
Zipper gets easily stuck. Pleats are messy
Overall the hats are what I was looking for. However, there seems to be a variety in the materials and sizing. There are 3 (maybe 4) that are much thicker than the others and they barely fit my 9 month old's head. The rest are fine with room to grow.
I bought this skirt for a formal banquet. I paired it with a fancy top. I was a bit disappointed when it arrived. The picture made it look dressy but when I opened it that was not the case and was too long. I'm 5'5 and I had to pull the waist bun to my chest area for it to hang correctly.
It fit great just the sticky part was wearing off after wearing it once it wasn't sticking to me anymore but it fit well just didn't stay on me
The size of this item not very well described on amazon.
My scarf was a lite dirty and looked like it was caught on something before being packaged. It is soft as described and by the looks of the other reviews it must just be a freak incident.
It's a beautiful shirt, the material is comfortable but runs small. I am very tall and normally wear a women's xl shirt, I ordered the 1x shirt and it's pretty short.
I'm usually a medium and bought one size bigger. When I got it and tried it on, it was still small on me.
I like the style, but the screen printing on the chest does not breath at all. I get super sweaty when I wear it.
It's just a sweatshirt, basically. A little sloppier looking and heavier than I expected. Pretty color so I will keep it for the fall or winter.
Well I ordered true navy blue and was sent true royal blue. Not even close It's a gift too and I don't have time to exchange or return. So thanks for that.
Cute but didn't fit and I ordered a size up
The dress is not actually as gorgeous as it appears to be in the picture. It is just like any other party dress available in thousand retail stores. Also the price is just ok.
I absolutely loved this when I first got it. After wearing it about a dozen times in past 6 months it's falling apart. Dissapointed.
Like the fit, style, feel and everything but left pocket came with a big hole in it. Incomplete stitching or the stitching pulled out. Very disappointing
Once on the legs keep riding up
Well, I bought this because i thought the top was fun. I am 53 and weigh 125 and I purchased a medium. I wasn't sure about the bottoms and they are a little weird. They fit but the cut is just sorta awkward. Not very flattering on me...but they might be flattering and someone younger. They are cheeky which was fine, it's the weird strap that makes it odd. The top is pretty loose and the bottoms are snug. Bigger bottoms might fit better but then the tops would literally fall off of me. For the price, I am going to keep because I pared the top with different bottoms and it's adorable.
The fabric got pilled on the first day of use. I washed gentle cycle and laid flat to dry, per the laundry instructions....picky, picky. I don't like when fabric pills up. It looks cheap.
I am thinking this may not be very "waterproof". It is a think fabric on outer layer, that you can see the lining through. Cute.
I have to agree with a previous reviewer, this bra is probably great for a smaller chest. I am a 40D and although the bra is very comfortable I don't think it's a great bra for me. My girls are falling out the low front and have way too much bounce for my comfort. Honestly the amount of lift and shape is fine and it may even work for larger breasted women with very firm (or fake) breasts. For my naturally aging girls it's back to the underwire. This one goes back.
Love This on my curvy body. The lace is nice not itchy or irritating.
Took a chance on these light-weight t-shirts. Quality seems ok, they're basic cotton undershirts. I'm 5'11 and 165 lbs and these shirts are too large/wide in the body for me. I was hoping for more of a form-fitting cut. Large size is probably a better fit on someone a bit heavier.
Needed it for post-surgical use. Still undecided about the sizing because I could use an in-between size. Overall, it's good if you can find the proper fit.
I really like the high/low concept this blouse offers. However, the neckline/collar does not sit on and/or at the shoulders like it should; I have to keep pulling it forward so that I am not looking sloppily dressed. Regarding fit...SIZE DOWN a couple of sizes. I reordered a size down and should have gone down two sizes. If I had, maybe the collar would sit at/on my shoulders the way it should. :-/. Nevertheless, it is a cute top - I received compliments that it is cute.
Not enough support. It gets like I'm not wearing a bra and adds very little support
I am usually a M in all leggings, I even contemplated purchasing these in L but wow these are big, I have to return them and get in a size S, maybe even XS. for reference I am 5'3 163 lbs with a big butt and legs. These are so buttery soft but slide right down on me. Will update after returning and getting a smaller size
Doesn't fit as described. I have a 34 waist and the pants are supposed to go to 35.
They have a really bad smell, today when I received them, I have washed them and they still smell awful:(
After looking thoroughly at the reviews I thought I'd be purchasing a solid product. It only took 1 wash for a pair to develop holes and that's only after a wear or two. I take care of my laundry and I make sure to hang dry when necessary but these socks can't withstand the washer has forced me to remove a star. It's a good product but not something I'd buy again.
The product is a convenient size would only hold a few shirts and pants but nice for 2 day trip. Product is farley cheep and clips and zippers at low quality.
This product is just ok for the money. It really runs small!
I liked the product and made great use of them. I went on a Carribean vacation and wore very revealing clothing that made wearing a bra impossible. They kept me lifted and in place but to be fair, am only a B cup size in a bra.
Very cute, but lessor quality.
Hooks are very hard to keep hooked if you have a big chest. I have a DD and it didnt want to stay hooked because of the rods in the corset
Beautiful dress- the glue used for the glitter is quite smelly. Overall, good dress-up dress, especially for the price.
They fit me, but they are not high waisted. They sit below my belly button. I like the pockets and they seem to be made of good material. Definitely should not be advertised as high waisted tho. That was a disappointment.
The bottoms of this swimsuit fit great; however, being a busty woman the top lacks the coverage I need. I did decided to keep the suit and find another top to wear with it.
This product is sold as 91% cotton yet the light colored briefs are only 55%. I bought two packages and they're both the same. The darker colors are in fact 91% but not the lighter ones. I actually discovered that's the case for the ones I bought in the store so someone at Fruit of the Loom needs to know that are misrepresenting their product to the consumer. They are comfortable. I just FOL had been honest.
I love the feel of the cotton knit but the ribbon around the openings doesn't give or stretch so the fit is awkward. Too tight around the thighs.
Top fit fine, bottom was way too small
The buckle is too big and too heavy.
Looks cheap, tight arms runs small
Very soft material, very loose, bright vibrant colors. Fits a bit larger in body but tighter arms. So, if you have larger arms expect a tight fit! This top hits below the hip and flares out from the chest.
Poor quality. Rips easy
Didn't work at all. The worst thing I had ever. They are worthless. Terrible quality.
Bulky not what I expected has no clips to attach only a slit to pull end through.
Nice like it very much
I love these pants. I just received them today and tried them on. They're quite stretchy and the back design is cute. I'm 5'6 and they're just about long enough that I'll keep them. The material is not great because every single piece of dust, fluff etc clings to them so I just look silly wearing them. I'm keeping them but I don't wear them often because of that. Probably just give them to goodwill
I bought the size large for my son because according to the chart, that's what he should have been. The socks were very large for him.
Good fit, decent thickness, nice coloring (very bright). I like that the drawstring is functional. But $15 is not a great deal for what these are. That is pricey for little boys sweats. Probably would not buy them again.
Belt buckle keeps coming off
Small size too small medium size still small, wife is small size on most
Although it is a very cute dress the fit is awkward. I did return it because there was no fixing the way it bulged feom the armpit area to my breast. The semi petticoat was very itchy as well, but fine with a slip. The fabric however was comfy on the skin and had a small amount of stretch.
The only thing that is good about a tube top is if it stays in place. This one doesn't, maybe because it's so long.
The neck is a little too high for a v-neck, so not as comfortable as I'd have hope for. Very good material though!
The color pic is no real. Is a ugly shirt or the inspiration leopard has a disease, because is really bad color
Like the stretchy material, but the picture is deceiving. The front of the dress is not gathered as much as it is in the picture. It's more form fitting than shown.
Does the job but looks cheap. Wish I didn't buy.
Cute shoe. Not very comfortable, wore for 30 minutes before my feet started to hurt. Expected for price.
I should have sized up. Well I guess it's more motivation for me to get my weight down!
Looks like it's starting to ware down already and probably won't last another Week or 2
My only complaint is that the waist has no give at all. The top is super stretchy but the waist is very tight. The zipper also sticks when you try to zip it up or down.
The bottoms were super cute but the top does not look nearly as flattering as on the model. Maybe on a bigger person it would look better.
way smaller than the Hanes large I currently wear
I like the style However after I washed it it was very washed out looking and lost 30 % of its color. It is very comfortable and free fitting though
I have the exact same pair purchased in store in a size 5, and these were way too big. I had to go down to a size 3 and they fit perfectly. I am 5'3 and 118 pounds. Also, these feel much thinner than my previous pair. Not sure these will hold up for very long.
This product is HUGE! I usually wear a small/medium and ordered a medium for this shirt. The sleeves come down past my elbows and I can easily fit my knees inside the shirt without stretching it. Beyond it being abnormally large, this product is well made. Color has not faded and I haven't had any problems with ripping or buttons falling off.
I recive the wrong color, and it feels a bit off
These are smaller/tighter than the old style knee sleeve. It might be OK after wearing it a few times. They do stretch over time. As long as I don't get a blood clot while trying to break it in.
I'm only six months pregnant and my regular scrubs are starting to feel a bit snug so I decided to get some maturity sizes. I bought a large because I typically wear larges and these scrubs run bit large. I'm hoping that I'll grow into them.
The bottom drawstring looks weird when tied but also weird when taken out. It's an ok jacket but looks cheap. You get what you pay for with this one.
I ordered a purple dress. The dress I received was not purple. Not sure if it was a mixup or if the sites color doesn't match with the actual material. The dress i received was more of a maroon/burgundy color. The color is still beautiful and it's not see through so that makes me happy. Just glad I didn't need the purple dress for a special occasion!
Looks well made but I bought a large and couldn't even start to zip it up. The bras had no size markings so not sure I received the correct size. I'll try an x large and hope I have better luck.
I like this sweater but it fits awkwardly. It's like it never quite lays right on me. It definitely doesn't fit like on the model in the picture, it is not that loose unless you are really petite.
I liked the style but it was extremely sheer and the top needed pinning to keep the armholes and neckline from gaping open. Keeping it as I've had it altered to fit properly.
While this product arrives at an expected size, they shrunk to being too tight after just 1 wash
They do not stay up on thighs!
Super cute but a little shorter than expected
It fits fine in the chest area, but like a tent from that point down.
Lace broke out in the arm pits in just one wearing to a formal dance. Wasn't overdoing it either. Pretty though
Cute, but too small. Ordered large and it fits my daughter who wears a US size 3. Giving it to her.
didn't like the material. It was too slick. Otherwise it was ok
Feels more like a plastic material than leather, but will do for my purpose of wearing with a suit. Which is about twice a year.
I bought these pants to give as a gift and they seemed quite small for a size large. The material seemed nice and warm but it had a weird fit, to tight and not as stretchy as I thought it would be. I will be returning.
Not a big frozen fan. Seems to be too white in the print for my taste.
Very comfortable and stretchable, but get shorter with each washing. Also they like to pill.
Doesn't lay correctly on my shoulders. Maybe a smaller size would fit better.
I got this for my bachelorette party because I wanted an overtly sexy white dress but on short notice. I am 5'2, a decently fit 130 lbs, and usually wear a size 2 so I ordered the small. I was very worried about the white being see-through because fitted white clothes typically are. I wanted to be sexy but not vulgar! I put it on and it was tight! It stretches a lot so I was able to fit it comfortably but the more it stretches the more you can see through it. I have a 34C bust and the top fit fine and was not tight. If you get white, I recommend pasties. The midsection and bottom however were pretty constricting. No way I could wear underwear in it and you could see my butt pretty clearly through the dress if I bent over. I feel like the medium would've been a better fit and a bigger size would've helped with the transparency. A dark color would probably work though. The material itself is pretty decent. It's very soft and is thick enough to be opaque if it's not stretched too thin. I ended up getting Spanx shorts to wear underneath and it looked much better! (I'm wearing them under the dress in the photos) I couldn't have worn the dress otherwise...just too tight and too sheer. Size up and get black!
Nicely insulated but small
Overall the quality seemed good and I loved the color. I sent it back because it wasn't comfy. I should have ordered a size up because I like my workout takes baggier.
The wig was a hit at the 70's party even though all of the optic lights did not work.
It was okay but the sleeves are just too tight for my liking. I am giving it to my mother. fabric is very soft though and I really liked it BUT i do not like how the sleeves was made.
Fabric was more sheer than I liked/expected.
casual and easy to wear and wash
This robe as purchased for after shower use as a large "towel". The fabric on the inside is not absorbing as expected.
The Auburn is a nice, clean design, well-made and with lots of pockets - but the light colors get dirty around the collar quickly. The big issue is the sizing. I fit in a true 46 tall, and the XLT was almost like wearing a tent. I recently ordered a darker color in LT, which was a much better fit!
the fit and material were good, but i agree with some other reviewers...the neck opening was way too large. returned it for that reason.
This coat didn't seem very warm or water resistant. Also the hood was SOOO big that you couldn't see out at all if it was up. Given all the holiday sales, we found a far better one for just a little bit more $$ just before Christmas.
Only use for computer it helps
Bra is loose fitting. Ruffle around the edges is itchy. You get what you pay for.
It was slightly too big
so cute i love it but, i was green after one day of wearing it
Not very happy about with the cloth feel and zipper quality.
Fits a little bit on the smaller side. Definitely order up 1-2 sizes.
Material is good. The words on it were cut off on mine. The sleeves were too short
not very well constructed. not great but not bad. will keep but would not buy again. have not washed it yet.
The material is not really that breathable.
Cut color and fabric are nice. I loved them when I put them on but like other reviewers stated, the elastic in the waistband bunches up. After I washed them it folded in half all the way around the waistline which makes the waistline bulky and takes away from the comfort. If it wasn't for the issue with the elastic I would have given them five stars.
The top was nice and held my babies in nicely: the bottoms were cheaply made and a weird cut. I kept them because I liked the top.
Fit good just had a weird smell so I wanted to wash before wearing and once I washed it the entire thing got all tangled up and now I cant wear it. So maybe it needs to be washed by hand.
I purchased a medium the dress was really really small. You will need to order up a size.
Super soft and comfortable but a little baggie in the ankles
Fits as expected but no support at all.
Not very comfortable to wear and the pom sticks out all over the place.
I am 5'5" and 175 pounds. The dress was too small, I ordered a Large. The material is also really thin. I was wanting a winter dress, thicker material. The color is nice but I am returning it.
Blouse was pretty and well made but way too snug to wear regularly.
This sports bra is great quality, but the cup size is smaller than advertising. I'd recommend ordering a size up.
The small is too big, and it was really see through. We bought it in white and the slip was way shorter than the dress itself.
While they were comfortable, and the compression helped a great deal, I wore them when playing volleyball and softball when I wanted some help with my fingers. They worked, but not for long because they began falling apart. The lines on the palms for grip wore off, and the fingers all frayed , very much on the hand in my baseball glove. For Yoga, and other uses without a lot of friction?
I had order several of these tank tops and fell in love with the quality of them. My only issue was that all were ordered as white and less than half came as such. The others were an off-white cream color. In talking with the company they were eager to resolve the issue and refund me for the miscolored items. Otherwise though, I am very happy with the length and quality of the tank tops!
The dress fits as expected and is super cute I'm just not a huge fan of the material. Gonna rock it anyway!
With the small battery, I wondered how the vest even gets warm. I saw the many great reviews, I tried, and my wife confirmed that it was NOT even warm to the bare skin, if any. The infrared guns show little warmth, but not adequate for the freezing temp here in MN. I simply returned it.
I like the fit....I don't like how the outline shows in a lot of the bottoms I wear. The point is to be incognito....haven't really worn them out much.
They're warm and cute. But it's hard to keep them in place and they tend to slip down. If I've got a high collar coat on, it kind of helps prop them up. Could just be the shape of my head/face, which is small...
Beautiful but not breathable. Knowing I was going to be roller skating all night and I skate hard. This was just going to add more to the sweaty mess. Just for a cold lounge around type of event. But nothing that will require a lot of movement.
I don't know if I would call this a sweatshirt it's more like a heavy duty T-shirt I was disappointed it wasn't the thickness I thought it would be.
It fits well but the material tends to lay against your body so it shows ever curve, the good ones and the bad ones
The belt works well most of the time. The clip that holds the buckle to the belt comes loose and every month or so I have to cut the belt an inch shorter to get the clip to hold again. Other than that no complaints
Definitely mom jeans.
I have loved Feetures socks in the past and decided to try the Plantar Faciitis sock for some added support. I did not like the No Show tab at the back of the sock which seemed too bulky and looked weird the way it sticks out of the shoe. I ended up returning the socks, so I can not speak to how well the support works.
Returned. Wasn't quite as expected. Not my style
This is very short. Bought for my 8 year old to use for her floor length gown and it only went down to her knees leaving the rest of the dress to hang near the bottom. Would be good for a shorter dress that you want some volume in. Hoops were sturdy enough. Waist is adjustable due to the ribbon they use for you to tie it. Not the best quality, but affordable for a one-time use for party/wedding.
Keeps you warn when needed
While the color is pretty, the shirt was huge on me.
Not what I expected. Very thin material, almost see thru.
XL is closer to a medium
Would like to see front and back views of product
Comfy but very little compression
Monogram was disappointing
I liked the price. The shirts are thin and that is great to wear under scrubs. However, after just a few wearings, the arms have already started to pill up and they do not stay tucked in.
Love the fit and work well for my swollen ankles as I'm four weeks from having my baby girl, only down side is first pair I put on ripped along toe seam after a few hours of wearing. Hoping others will hold up.
I expected more on the material it was somewhat rough not really soft like I expected it to be.
I love this bathing suit, but right out of the package it had a whole in it. I'm very disappointed because I love the style. I don't know whether to order another one or to look for something else.
I wish the quality was a little better and it fit better. Very cute just doesn't work for my body. I'm 5'2" 125lbs
Fits good - but I guess I overlooked that were no pockets.
Needed stretchy pants when I was pregnant. The color I bought was black, pants was not black more like a faded black color but the fit was good. I guess that's what you get for the cheap price.
These socks are for a Christmas gift. I guess they will be good. They look great.
Seems to run a little small, but otherwise I do like them.
They sent me the wrong size. The outside tag on the clear packaging said small but the shirt tag said medium
Tight around chest and restricted reach.
Runs pretty big and cut like boy shorts almost. Not my favorite, but I will keep looking
Looks pretty but snags very easy
Not ok for ladies with bigger cup sizes
I like the fabric and style, but the dress I received was too short in length and in the bodice as if it was made for petite sizing. It fell just above the ankle and was too short to even wear flats with. Weird because so many reviews described the dress as being too long, and I'm just average height - 5'6". Hoping to reorder and get one that's long enough next time.
Got one in black and navy. Same size for both. Navy fits beautifully and is comfortable and amazing. Black is almost unfinished in build. Fits tight around waist and loose down legs. Also missing all tags including washing instructions. Stitching appears to be in somewhat raw state and I had to have it realigned as the coat was a bit crooked. Love the brand which is why I have 4 in varying colors, just think I got one that was a dud.
This item runs very small and there size chart is wrong. According to the size chart I would wear a small but I couldn't even get the small over my thighs. I had to go back and order the large.
Take heed ladies -- this is a "slim" fitting sweatshirt. It did not look good on me. The style is super cute, but not for me.
This is a beautiful, long dress, pretty colors, BUT mine already has a rip on the seam at the bottom left side of the dress; it took TOO long to arrive...didn't know that it was coming from CHINA; no belt loops; no return slip in the package, no receipt!! I wore the dress with electric blue sandals and a beautiful yellow necklace! The dress would be perfect for a vacation, date night, or special event but the makers of this dress need to do better with making clothes! I have to sew the ripped part of the dress up before it rips apart even worse!! I think that it'll be best to hand-wash this dress instead of machine washing it....I'm afraid that it will come apart in the washing machine!!
Fit was more what I would think a large would be, though the description did say it was not fitted. A good weight.
I wanted to try a wire free bra and after looking at several, I chose this based on reviews. Sadly this bra doesn't offer any support or lift at ALL for a D cup. I will probably keep it to wear around the house or for a lazy Sunday. It won't do as an every day bra for me.
These are super comfortable and soft! However, they are a little bigger than expected. After about a month I started to notice that they do not hold their shape as well as they did when I first got them.
Sizing is unclear and delivery time is very slow
Size runs small. Looks nice made of wonderfully soft material. Returned due to small size.
I returned this vest for one with the PBR patch on the front. It was made well enough for a toy. A little over-priced for my budget, though. I'd recommend this toy.
I liked the support the most. What I don't like about it is it's too much bra. Way too much material.
Its a nice shirt with soft material. The only problem is that the collar is way too stretched out. I even washed and dried it but still too stretched
I really do like these overall. They are cute and fit my toddler well. They are a smidge big but we do have abnormally small heads! I will say the one bummer is they do break. My kid is a rough and tumble type and was able to break these pretty easily (not as bad as other brands but still) Won't deter me from getting more since they aren't expensive but wanted to note it.
They are pretty small. My hands are on the smaller side and these were pretty tight. They weren't terribly comfortable.
This product comes folded. I had originally set it on a wig head for a few days to try to let it set into shape (since it had dents) by itself, but that didn't work out. When I used a blowdryer all but one small dent was able to pop back up.
I bought these to wear with a formal evening gown (backless). I had sewn in cups to the dress, but I was looking for something that would help fill me out a little more (I am on the small side of a 34C usually). I do not think these will give you any crazy cleavage, but I stuck them on the sewn in cups to my dress and they did give a little extra lift and support than without them. If you are looking for something to give you a lot of cleavage I do not think I would necessarily go with these but if you just need a little extra lift they might be okay. Looking back I might have done better with a more substantial insert that would have given me a lot more cleavage since that was what I was originally looking for. However, these were definitely good quality and still may be helpful depending on what you are using them for.
After reading through other reviews and saw most people ordered their normal sizes I decided to do the same. I am usually a small in everything so I ordered a small and it is too tight! I see photos of other reviewers in a small and it looks great but it was way too small for me. The off the shoulder smocking squeezed my arms and I have very thin arms! I am very thin in general! I love the way the dress looks but wish I would have gotten a medium, or even a large! I may just cut the sleeves off and make it a sleeveless dress but even on my small boobs they look pretty squished.
I purchased the gold one. The lace overlay is not gold it is beige/cream color.
It's a little short in the torso
The colors are fun and the material is satisfactory when considering the price*. I gave this 3 stars because 3 of the 6 pairs were wearable. Recognize that you will likely only be able to put on 2-3 pairs out of the package. The solid patterned ones are more flexible. There is something with stitching of the spotted and camo patterns that just makes them impossibly tight. With some extra patience and a seam ripper I believe that one pair is salvageable.
i like it but was a little smaller than expected - super cute dress sweater though
I liked the pretty navy color and the styling. However, I am very petite, and the just one size fits all just swapped me up. I would have liked it to be sized in a small, medium and large. I haven't decided whether I will return it strictly because of the sizing.
I'm typically a XS-S so I got a S, assuming that women's clothing typically runs small. However, it was much too large for me. On the bright side, it fit my sister perfectly who's a large and it looks really good on her.
They are cute and soft but really small. I wish there were more snaps around the legs too.
Product runs small. I am 5'3". 115 lbs - and usually order an xs bottom and small top. Ordered a small- need at least a medium.
These were larger than I expected. I am typically a S and sometimes a M and based off the reviews of "running small" I ordered a M but a S would have been better, I suggest ordering true to your size.
The length of the shirt and sleeves are WAY off! I'm 5 feet tall (or short lol depending on how you look at it) 165 pounds I bought the xxl bc I'm rather large chested. The sleeves don't even come to my wrists and the shirt itself barely covers my stomach! Being as short as I am this shirt should have more than covered my backside and def been longer in the sleeves. Not sure if I was sent a smaller size or what....I love the color but also didn't realize the sleeves are a different material than the shirt itself...more like a jersey material on the sleeves. It did come with a pretty necklace but unfortunately this shirt is useless to me. Thankfully I have someone that can use the shirt but just beware on the sizing....even for over seas sizing this was just crazy off!
I bought these because I was looking for cabin socks and these came up in the search. They said thick socks in the description but when I received them they're no different than any other sock. I ended up giving them as a gift anyway even though I know it's not really what the person asked for. Just know these are not thick socks and definitely it cabin socks.
You get what you pay for. Very poorly made super cheap, it'll do the job
Sizing on these is pretty true. For S/M/L pants, I am typically a L and that is what I got. Reading reviews, i was prepared that they aren't skinny, and that's true. They are normal leg jeans - almost a boot cut leg. They are soft and comfy. The belly band is thick/good quality, and not too long for short people like most are. It's a little big now, but I'm not showing too much, so it'll be perfect to grow in.
Tried to shrink them up some but too large for me
I was really looking forward to this jacket, but when I took it out of the packaging the zipper was partially ripped off. I can still wear it using the buttons but it's super annoying
Comfy and breathable socks. The top of them became slightly out of shape.
I ordered this and washed it before hand because the material isn't very comfortable. It's much like the material of a normal hospital given gown. I ordered the matching baby gown. Once at the hospital I noticed the baby gown was unstitched in 2 places. Luckily I brought a back up outfit. After labor my gown wasn't super comfortable or easy to breastfeed in so I ended up changing into a gown anyway.
Item recieved matches what is shown on photo. Quality of workmanship needs improvement but my child was happy and didn't pay attention to the imperfections. The mask was blemished, not molded smoothly and had a strong odor. Be sure to air out the mask for a few days as the chemical & material odor is strong. . Took about a week for mine to neutralize. Otherwise this is a perfect item to conplete your Drift from Fortnite costume.
Packaged poorly. The brim was bent significantly. Not impressed with shipping bent.
This dress seems like something you could wear in warm weather but the material was too thick and had a weird feel to it. The design is so pretty.
Very comfy was sad I had to return it, it was too small
I like this product. I just had to return for another size. I got a large and I am a 36DD. The xl was too big and the l rides up in the back during a workout. I hoped it would stay in place a little more but it does make me sweat!
Underwear are tight around thighs, i had to give a snip with scissors. That didn't work because..they kept ripping.
I had to return this top. I felt this top fit looser than I had hoped for and this style of open sleeves was not flattering on me.
It's a very pretty shirt. Printing is perfect and the color is nice and bright but it's about 3 sizes too big. I usually wear either M or L depending on the fabric. I ordered a L since I wasn't sure if it would fit snug but I should've ordered a SMALL. I'll just get it tailored since I need it for tomorrow.
I normally wear a medium and that's what I ordered. It was too big. I would say order smaller size. Material is thick but I just didn't like how the dress looked on me.
Nice heavy sweater. For being polyester, it has a lovely drape and sheen. It doesn't fit like the photo. Hugs the butt. I considered adding side slits which probably would've worked. The neck, however, is an overwhelmingly oversized problem. It was very effective at hiding my aging chin and neck...up to my ears! I got really hot just trying it on and decided it wouldn't work for me. 🔥🔥🔥
I have a 24 inch waist and even the small didn't fit me... Frustrating because I really liked the material
Nice color. Material is itchy.
They are great but too big. Sending back
I ordered a 2x. I love the outfit but the top is too small and the bottom fits perfectly .
Need strap adjusters. Can't wear them bc I feel like the straps are falling off. Definitely for someone with larger breasts!!
I bought this about 2 sizes larger than my usual size. While the neck and length fit properly, the chest was too tight. That's fine if you don't mind loosening a few buttons. The real pain was the narrow sleeves. I couldn't roll up the sleeves at all because my forearms were too big. If you have an all around slim build and dainty features, this will be fine. If you have muscle on your bones, it won't work.
I loved it but was too small for my baby, so he didn't get to wear for Christmas.
Had to get this theme despite other reviews which were spot on about the sizing- way to small!
It was the right color, however there was slight fraying of the fabric & a really strong chemical smell. Great buy for the price. They wanted 4x's as much at David's bridal.
The top was guaranteed to not roll down, but this rolls down on me.
I wish it was a bit longer but other than that it's a nice sweater.
I love the style of the bra, just don't like the look. It fits extremely small. I had first purchased a medium, then a large and it's still a little tight. But my biggest complaint is it smashes the Breasts. If an extra large, perhaps...But I'm done, plus Yianna was out of XL.
Button fell right off. Doesn't feel so satiny but it costs much less than the ones that do.
I bought these to shorten to capri/skimmer length. Very light weight, which is good for summer.
I ordered a medium, based on all the reviews. It was so big it literally slide off both shoulders!! They were out of smalls, so I will try again next year!
The suit is well made and really cute. I have to return though because it seems really short. I'm 5' 4” 138 and I ordered a medium. I really wished it was just a little longer.
Good deal but larger than they suggested.
I have bought these socks before, but I dunno what I got this time. These socks are not the same: I see them already starting to thin around my toes. I think Amazon sent me cheap knockoffs.
Sweater it great a little bit big for a medium, and I was sent the wrong color.
The bust area fit good, but the waist is too big based on my size. I'm 5'8" and 220lbs with a long torso. A smaller size would have been too small in the bust. Going to pin the waist for the event. But will need to have it altered if I decide to wear it more than once.
I had to return the product as it was a bit snug for my liking. I thought it was a bit on the small side!
It was a lot shorter than it looks. Otherwise, not a bad product. Quality material, and cute. Just can't wear it as a dress.
This belt is really well made, but after wearing it for a week the color has worn off part. If it stayed looking nice longer, the belt would have been 5 stars.
Doesn't like to stay stuck in place
This dress is made of a cheap t-shirt material, but is a nice shape and length. If you need a cheap dress to wear to work or on a day trip, this is fine.
The belt feels cheaply made. It looks nice but I'm afraid it will crack or tear in a very short period of time
It's cute open over lingerie but wouldn't function well as an actual robe, very short and ties don't keep it closed.
I ordered it 1 size up and it still is a bit tight. I like my shirts to fit a bit looser. But it is a cute top and looks just like the picture.
Nice quality. No compartments inside though, so I cant compartmentalize my stuff. Its a little bigger than I expected.
Nice quality but it runs small.
A little smaller than expected
This is a nice bra, but; I had to order it twice. The first time I got what should have been my size, but it was too small; so I returned it. This bra runs small and I reordered it in a size larger and now it fits comfortably.
Nice dress but the material was not what I expected.
The print is adorable, however it isn't very good quality, it's very thin and my daughters had loose strings all over it. It also runs big.
I really love the fit comfort, and style. But I gave it a 3 stars because the material pulls. I bought 2 sets and wash in cold water and turn inside out to wash. I wish material was different because I do love this name brand.
Beautiful shirt. Runs very big. Had to return
Smaller than usual. Purchased this brand in the past and had a better fit.
This dress is pretty short & I am 5'2", but the color was much darker than pictured so it doesn't look denim, it looks more of a dark camo green.
These fit a little funny. I'm a small in wax shorts but I bought medium overalls thinking it would be a bit more relaxed fitting, but the short section fits fine but they hit kinda low on the hip making ur love handel area show and the top part is kinda narrow as well. I'm a new mom carrying new weight and I thought this would help camouflage it and I feel like it accentuates it but I'm still hopeful! . I'm 5'3 - 115lbs - 34 D
Good material. Big minus is that they colour other clothing- my little one was hoping on my legs and her pajamas were coloured blue
Its a pretty color & has soft material. Runs small & delivery was over 3 weeks!
Material is a nice weight. Very soft.
Very cute but color on shorts faded real quick.
I bought the size the chart said. Way too small.
Loved the material and the quality. It just fit way too small.
They dress up the bathroom but are thin and not made well.
Looks like the photo but very shear
Not as supportive as other styles of feetures. Might feel differently after laundering.
Nice quality, but NOT for anybody who is large-breasted. I'm DDD and ordered a XL....the dress fit, but I needed to either have the waist above my ribs or put the waistband at my natural waist and have basically my whole cleavage and then some exposed.
Gave to a smaller person
Soft but thin and not the best quality cotton, dark color looses its look somewhat with one wash
I returned this sweater as it was very baggy.
Fit to size and decent print. However, material felt super cheap and super thin
At 6'1", I ordered the large and it fit just fine! I just wanted a better quality product.
These were pretty, but a little large (I ordered a small, could have used XS). Didn't have the tummy control I was hoping for.
I purchased these gloves Nov. 13; out of the package there was a small hole in the outer knit layer of the right glove, where the thumb meets the body of the glove. By today, Dec. 4, the ends of the fingers on both hands have started to unravel. These gloves are very warm and comfortable, fit my hands well and aren't so bulky as to make me clumsy. But they are unsuited for heavy duty usage, or manual labor.
sadly I had to return this- its crazy soft, super cute buttons.. it was super short on me. I'm only 5'9 but this sat right at my belly button and wasn't comfortable for me.
Doesnt seem to be cotton, not soft enough for a baby 😐
Beautiful jacket, but the shoulders and sleeves are too small. I even ordered up a size. Had to return it
I didnt like the way it looked on me it was more cotton look.
pretty cute dress, not as expected. Just okay
Having a pocket is a great concept, however, this product has a bad habit of falling down from the rear end!!!!!!! Not sure why but this is the only issue I have with this. I keep having to pull them up and it's annoying!!!!! Not recommended for working out due to this issue.
These pads are smaller than I expected, so they slide around a bit.
My son likes the multiple settings to make it stay on or flash. The eye holes are narrow and really can't be made wider due to the illuminated wire.
I'm a small woman - small boned, about 120 pounds. I found the size small to be too tight in the shoulders, so I got the medium. It will not give you a totally flat tummy; it gives just a little bit of hold. It does not ride up, and is well made. Wash and hang dry. It goes under your bra and lifts your girls - in fact, IMHO, it lifts them TOO much! It just made them too unnatural, so I don't usually wear this thing. Next time I'll try a different style.
Was too short. When she bends her but shows. Otherwise great
The color is nice but the quality is not good, my daughter opened and closed several times it be broken
Fabric is thin, thought it'd be good for summer. A little big, I got a large, I'm 5'4. I need to get beige, smooth bra so it isn't seen or texture from lace.
I like the knit. Well made, but very short wasted compared to the picture. I like mine to fit as pictured. I sized up to make sure, but it's just short.
This skirt was well made but not what I expected. I ordered this item in black. The fabric is a stretchy knit and very thin! Every bump on the body and panty line shows through because of the thin fabric, even under a slip. I was expecting a thick, suit-type fabric. I'm returning it.
The photo of the light blue shirt is not at all an accurate representation of it color. In the photo it looks a sort of blue-grey. Instead it is a strong North Carolina blue. Not what I was expecting.
The socks are nice but the sizing for women is not correct. They are too long and the sock stretches when you put on a shoe which has part of the heel sticking out above the back of the shoe. I would have ordered a smaller size had I known.
It's very nice the top fits great, But the arms and legs are very big need to have it alter
Bought smallest size for my 7 week old who is almost 11 lbs. Onesie fit perfectly with a long sleeve onesie under it since it's cold out anyway. Hat was way too big. Did not even fit with a regular hat sitting under it.
Nice quality, but should have purchased the next size up for all 3 pairs.
The hat doesn't fit he's 11 months I got a bigger size fits great but snaps by diaper won't stay snapped so might have to safety pin it to get through the wedding. Super cute. If it starts snapped and hat was larger I would give it 5 stars. It runs small I sized up and it fits great
First of all I think I am beyond wearing hip huggers. I've gain enough weight the waistband wands to curl down. These undies are nice because I wear mostly leggings and they are cotton, so there is no slippage, meaning my pants stay up. However they do not have the antimicrobial feature. If you let even a little bit of pee out from a sneeze they smell of strong ammonia the remainder of the day. So I still have to change way too often. I really like the Icon undies better. They are American made, are antimicrobial, so I can wear them all day without having to change. They fit better, but cost way more. You get what you pay for, these will do in a pinch, but be prepared for a strong pee smell.
XS came as 18-24 instead of 12-18 as the sizing specifies. Be aware there doesn't appear to be a 12-18 size.
Not the best fit, especially around the neckline.
The first time I used it, the zipper pulled apart and while it's on the back, things could have still fallen out. It left me paranoid every time I wore it. There is also something weird about the strap that rubs my arm and irritates me.
The costume was really cute on. However my son had a lot of difficulty walking in it and ended up taking it off.
I like the plush feeling of the purse. The colours are vibrant which makes me happy. Lol It has many slots to hold my cards and it also holds my Samsung J7 Pro so that's a plus.
Cute shirt, but it's shorter than I expected and it shrank up after first wash. I'll try it on again, but it might be going back. I'm sad because I do really like the lace on the chest. It is a comfy cute shirt I just wish it was longer.
I ORDERED to use as pajamas. Nice material, washable and dryable, no shrink. I am 5/5 and 166 lbs. I ordered 1x because i like my pajamas loose. only prob with this is the elastic at waist is a little too tight for a 1x. I have a tummy, but still. The whole pant is more like an xl than a 1x really, tho will work for me; plus actually could be worn in public. would not order a 2x. wont order again.
They are definitely no show, more than others I've tried, and they seem to stay put pretty securely. But, the edge (cuff?) is really fat and stiff such that it dug into my feet very painfully. I had to take them off after about an hour or so.
The dress itself was beautiful! I love the design, and the fabric was of good quality. It just didn't fit my body very well, as it was baggy in the chest area, as well as a little loose around the back. I'm usually a size 12 and I ordered a large, I probably would have fit better in a Medium. There was also some faulty stitching on the right chest area, so I sent it back. Overall, if you have the right body for it, I think this would be beautiful on most anyone.
I ordered my size accordingly, a size up from what I usually wear because I read the reviews and seen the pics. I got them rather timely which I was happy about but when I tried them on they were a lot slimmer than I thought and my toes dangled off of them. Please go at least 1.5 sizes bigger than you usually would if u consider this item. Not the best thing I bought :/
These fit is a bit snug, and the waistband rolls. While they are cotton, these are a disappointment.
Love the idea of a hole to put my ponytail but it would have been better if the hat covers my ear since I use this during the cold months. Product looks sturdy and well made.
This hat fit somewhat large and the brim was hard to shape.
Fit well until washed and dried. Make sure to wash in cold and be careful when drying.
I had high hopes for this dress based on the reviews. The material was somewhat like a sweatshirt material and felt cheap. The gold design also looked very very cheap - almost like a halloween costume. If you need an Egyptian theme costume, this is your dress!
A little short fingered for me and my long nails. the tops of my nails keep poking through.
Felt thin and uncomfortable. The toe seam is annoying and uncomfortable
Little smaller than I thought, but its adorable and I love the feel. I need about 2 sizes bigger.
Cute dress, just very large for ordering a small. The dress was very wide on the sides and kind of had a boxy shape on me. However, my body frame isn't very curvy to fill the dress out on the hips or bust. If you have a small bust it might be rather baggy on the sides. Returning for a different dress, but I did like the dress itself. Light material and cute design.
Seemed sturdy when I first received it. Kinda stresses out after a week or so, cards slide out very easily so I always keep it in my bag.
Item too large but it was nice and comforting not for cold weather thou
Love the nightgown, but if you expect to fit into a 3x think again, the product it not exactly the sizes too fit an 3x person
It's a very nice scarf but it more of a maroon color.
This robe is soft plush and warm but they must have used a model only 4 feet tall because I expected it to at least reach my shins and it barely goes an inch below my knees.
Tight Fit, They Do Run Small and are made of Thin yet Strong materials Gave 'em to the Mrs, who does like them very much since the Copper seems to provide Foot Odor Protection as well!! Wish they wd make'em in Larger Sizes.
The top is stretchy and pretty thick but very SHORT. It is just barely longer than a crop top. I am a 34B, 26” waist and 38” hips. I ordered a medium and it fit well.
I like dress just sized small
A little thin, Not like the older sweat shirts.
I had read that this was on the shorter side and it is correct. I am only 5'2" and it barely covers. Also, I know it says this in the description but this does not have adjustable straps and would be better fitting if it did.
I'm a size 18 and ordered a 2X, the dress was way to small. Reordered in a size 4X that fit perfectly. Other than that the dress was very beautiful and worth every penny.
Didn't know it had a split in the back. Can't wear that on Sunday when I have to Usher.
I love these socks! The biggest downfall though is that they are thin. So they get a hole in them quickly. I have lost an entire pair already due to holes.
This is a replica of the Dax wallet. I got it to replace my original. They've reversed the logo and opted for a different set of materials. This is not a sin in itself, but the wallet will start fraying within the first couple weeks, unlike the genuine Dax v2. Neither this wallet nor the original lasts for more than a year, unfortunately. The design is wonderful, but it just doesn't function in the long term.
The top part of the mittens where the fingers go is slightly too big while the elastic that holds the mittens on is too small, giving my baby marks around her wrists. I've been tearing the elastic to keep it from hurting her, but then they don't stay on. They are soft and they're a good deal since so many come to a pack, but not worth it in my opinion because of the sizing.
For a long-sleeved top this is very thin. I just wish it was a little sturdier for a warm shirt.
I really like the top, the pants are a bit boxy and no really all i wanted. but after a while, you figure out ways how to wear it, like pull it up to your belly button ( so cute) and wear a flannel.
Soft and comfortable, but NOT seamless. You can definitely see them through skirts and leggings.
Nice but pattern looked cheap
Loved the designs! The socks were undersized and very tight. I would have liked them much more if they didn't constrict my leg so much. Actually it was very painful after being on my feet all day!
At first, the product worked fine but after multiple uses, the side wings didn't stick anymore. The bra itself isn't that sticky anymore and i have to push it back on constantly. So I only weak with a tight shirt that's going to keep it on for me.
Waterproof. Tested multiple times. I do wish there was a drawstring for the hood though because even if there's slight wind I have to hold it down. It's very annoying, and I honestly wouldn't recommend this raincoat just foe that reason.
Only had them for a few months and already have a small hole. Can't exchange them since it's past the time. A good product for freezing temps
I ended up returning this, the fit and look were not quite what I was expecting/needing. Might work great for others!
Looks good and fits well
Waist elastic seems at least 1 size too large. Well priced!
I thought these would not fall down being so high waisted, but they're the exact opposite. They roll down and fall down constantly. I bought the normal size I'd buy, a large. I have curvy (not fat) hips and a "bubble" butt and I feel like they do not come up high enough in the back bc my rear end sticks out so much. These might be better for just running or walking. During the HIIT training I do which involves lots of lifting, bending, sit ups, push ups, ball slams, etc lots of movement and twisting and bending, they do not stay up well.
Not realistic at all
Its advertised as an athletic shirt but it's not an athletic cut its wider in the wast than the shoulders made for comfort I guess !
The materiel a bit too rough, not soft enough.
This product was okay.
After one wash it shrank and now my son wears it as a sleep shirt.
It has a great fit and is flowy the material is nice my only issue with this dress is the lining around the bottom portion is very see-through in normal light so I have no idea how bad it's going to be in the Sun I have to buy a slip that will look right under it.
It's a women's bracket you find at 1.00 sales people at flea markets, not an animal collar
they're okay. A bit uncomfortable
Awesomeness Just 3X must be the Europe size. Too too snug. Not comfortable. But very STEAMPUNK inspired if larger, i would buy again and recommend this seller
I am an A cup. The top outter sides come up a bit too much, so when wearing a tube top. They go past the top and you can see the bra. :( very sticky otherwise. Maybe not for the smaller breasted women
I received this very quick, but it did have a hole in it when I pulled it out of the bag! Kinda sucks but I like the way it fits
Size is fine. Length is fine even for petite women like myself. Color isn't like a true black. Material feels like it's going to tear open with the slightest snag. Warmth is ok I guess but haven't tested it in cold weather. Seriously don't think down feathers were used as it feels super cheap. Outside Pockets DO NOT have zippers. And no inside pockets. It's one of those “you get what you pay for” situations. Not very happy needed something quick so hopefully it's warm enough.
This brand usually fits very well, but this package were a lot tighter, not sure why.
The fabric, feel and construction are great especially for the price. I like my undies a little loose and I normally wear a L. Got the XL and even that size was way too tight. Not comfortable at all, and I am not even sure the XL will be right for me. I am going to donate these to a women's shelter so someone will love them!!
Too short. not what I expected. Material not so great. price good.
UPDATE: These were definitely cute, comfy socks that my son loved wearing. Unfortunately, they didn't last all that long. The heels wore through more quickly than other socks we've had in the past. ORIGINAL: My son has been wearing these for a couple of months now and so far they're holding up to his running around and to numerous washings. He likes the colors and loves that they're easy to put on.
Bra felt short and high necked. If you lifted your arms the bra pulls up, not a comfortable fit.
Pros: Carhartt quality in that the shirt is thicker, heavier than your average shirt so it will take a beating. Size and fit is very good, especially if broad shouldered. Cons: Comfort is lacking. Feels like burlap against skin. Tried softeners in wash but made no difference.
Product works really well, but very hard to get on by yourself. When you try to put them on first before putting on the bra, they pop off.... challenging to do without help. I have done it, but very challenging. And I did not get 1 of each color, black, beige and white in the straps, I got 1 black and 2 beige.
This item is not bad just doesn't give as much puffiness as I would like. I did not want to have to buy another one but I have decided that if I want my dress to be FULL I will have to buy a hoop petticoat. All in all though the product appears to be made good and it fits okay. I would not recommend though if you are bigger then a 14. It just fits me and I am a 14.
It swallowed me. I ordered a medium. I'm apprx 5 ft 3 and 160 lbs. Most of my weight in the thighs and buttocks. Cute dress and nice weight and feel of the fabric but I have to return it.
This shirt is too loose to wear outside. It is not flattering to my shape. It is however a great sleep shirt.
The material is to stretchy and the shirt is to long!
Overall we really like his shirt for our daughter. Unfortunately after a wash or too the shirt begins to look faded and shrinks
The dress was ok as far as fit and style. There was problem with the zipper however. It was stuck in the closed position and as much as we tried we could not get the zipper down. As a result of this we returned the dress.
The wallet is slim and minimalistic, but the seams of the inner lining started to rip after only a few months of use. I will likely have to buy another new wallet after a couple more months to avoid losing my cards.
I exercise 2 hours a day: 1 hour of jogging or walking and 1 hour in the gym. I own different types of slimming belts to help me sweat even if I used it for only 1 hour, I sweat. But this shaper did not let me sweat at all for one hour of lifting weights at the gym. I usually sweat profusely but this did not give me any as far as I can see. Very disappointed and it fits loose on the back for a small shaper. I will keep it though for jogging in the summer when I want to have loose fitting shaper. I wish they made extra small size for someone like me. I've never been disappointed in slimming products except for this one. However, it is comfortable if you don't want anything that is tight and it is a nice thin material. It also gives me a little bit of breast lift. So I concluded that I will use adjustable material for my waist so that it will fit right. This shirt is not adjustable.
I need a video tutorial lol it was hard to get on
As soon as I put it on, one of the straps ripped off.
stretch material is nice, but the actual material its made from doesn't look good.
The shirt is a crop top, but the shorts are adorable and fit perfect for lounging.
I wanted to love this shirt! It is the perfect baby pink color and the lace is beautiful BUT the lace is too low and showed too much my bra. I wear undershirts under most tops but it still showed atleast 2 inches of the bra/undershirt. I didnt think that was appealing. And the sleeves come down more to my elbow then the pictures. The size was perfect and the color was also. The material is soft but the lace was a mess.
Definitely high waisted and comfortable material. But not tummy controlled. Get your true size
Didn't get the hat that was suppose to come with it. & I don't know to contact the seller
Bought these for my wife. Sizes run really big. Medium looks like a dress on her. She is 5'4.
I normally wear a 6/8 and usually size up for bathing suits, so I got a M, 8/10. It was too tight around my whole mid section. The top part did fit fine, I am a 32DD and I didn't have a problem with the higher lining/pads like a lot of reviews said, but I returned it b/c of the tightness in the torso area.
Great fit, however gap between the buttons are spaced to far apart. You will need to wear tank to hide bare skin.
The fit wasn't exactly as I expected
I got this for a graduation party but when it came it was a very thin shiny material and looking like I was wearing a bag, just a straight drop down, not silky enough to show curves, just looked weird to me. I returned it.
So these do stick very nicely at first, however 3 wears in the adhesive is no longer sticky. They do work well when they do work and no one notices them at all. They are very good for clothes that have the back out. I would probably buy them again.
Order came on time and everything. Maybe it's a women's shirt or something? It just fit super short and I'm 6' 1”, so not a giant or anything. Also, it's 100% cotton. So after one wear and wash it was completely unwearable for me. Girlfriend likes it though
Love the feel of the material but am disappointed with way the back is looking, am a small 5"10 with boobs size 34, I felt like 1 inch of this material needs to be taken out from the shoulder that way it wont be too loose or make the size small a medium and have XS as another option, this outfit is best for ppl with bigger boobs and bigger A** .
Made of good material, but good workmanship was lacking. Front seam was sewn crooked.
Shrunk after first wash even in cold which makes them tighter than I like but they work
Looks so preaty the material it's perfect but runs too big. My daughter will be able to wear it in about two years.
Nice and warm. Little bigger than I expected, and I have a large head. The mask does not fit snugly on your face if you use the metal clips; however, the mask has a sewn on elastic band so you can wrap it around your ear for a tighter fit to the face.The chin strap clip is of low quality and frequently becomes unattached.
Top is tight and almost not wide enough in the front. I ordered a M and I'm a XS/S in tops. Thicker, woven material. For the price it it will work but def not chasing after the kids due to the fit of the top.
These overalls fit better than expected! I am 5'2 135lbs ordered a medium. I thought they would be too long but the length is perfect. The top front pocket is not a true pocket (bummer). The fit is just slightly baggy, not a tight fit. Haven't washed yet..hope they won't shrink. OKAY, had to amend my original review. Well, haven't been able to wear due to the darn smell. There is a chemical smell that other reviews spoke about. I washed twice, the second time with those smell good wash ball things...still had an odor. I just soaked them overnight in baking soda and air dried...I think they may be ready to wear FINALLY! Now I also noticed the water was very blue, so I assume to only wash alone. I am hoping the dye doesn't come off when I wear them. We'll SEE!
The outfit was great, sparkling, and sexy. Just runs wayyyy too large. I got a small and it was like a medium 🤷🏽‍♀️
It was too long or she wasn't tall enough otherwise very nice
Wasn't thrilled with the cheapness of the material.kinda like "Halloween" material,but,it looks good on.
I have a short torso so I had to stitch the back tie into the lower half of the suit. Besides that, pretty cute!
The bag was super cute and for a 1 yr. old. However, I received the bag with no charms...was very disappointed. Would have been 5 stars if not for that.
This was a really cute shirt but didn't fit my daughter. It's too big through the shoulders and then too short.
Would have been ideal gloves but unfortunately the wrong size was sent.
This suit is really cute, looks just like the picture. I returned it though because it was very flattering on me and the neck part was a little tight. It seemed very well made though!
The shirt is cute but it runs small. Also the material is a spandex-y type and just sort of clings instead of flowing like in the photos.
Liked the style but did not like that they were no machine washable
i wish i bought one size bigger. ?But i will lose a few pounds other then that i like them
Really like. Comfortable. Fit is great. But arrived with a hole in the pocket.
Bought this dress for my teenage daughter. It was a little big on top but fit pretty good everywhere else.
I took the suggestions and bought a size up (large instead of medium) and they turned out to quite baggy. Should have stuck to my true size.
The lacey material was extremely thinner than I thought it would be.
The ties were very nice, but one of the cuff links was defective so I was unable to use that set as a graduation gift as planned.
When looking for an outfit to purchase this one came up. I ordered it and it was just the Jacket and Hat - no pants or shirt. Unless you look closely when ordering, you can easily miss this, like I did. In addition, the jacket fits small. I'm 6'1 175# and a large is snug on me. Finally, the hat bill came in bent and I've been unable to straighten it. Might look for other costumes before purchasing this one.
Material is nice and thick and does not feel cheap at all, however, I did not find this flattering because it was very large and bulky.
Way oversized but its beautiful
I returned this item in the same bag as the maroon dress.... only used one address label for both dresses. I hope someone catches this once the package gets back to you. So far I only received credit for one dress. Thanks
The socks are nice enough... very plush, but these are an alpaca blend, thus not as warm as expected for alpaca.
I bought the Medium size shirt and it's as big as a Large. Sleeves are ok, but the shirt tail completely covers my butt. I feel like I'm swimming in this shirt, which doesnt feel safe in a work environment.
Very cute just doesn't fit
Fabric was nice but, it just didn't fit right. I don't think it's a good style for big breasted women.
Loved my new shirt, it is more of a t-shirt material rather than a sweatshirt and it collects a lot of fuzz balls and lint and difficult to get them off (which is why only 3 stars) but it's super comfy. The seams are a bit large and so you can feel them but the hoodie itself was perfect for breastfeeding and easy to unzip with 1 hand.
Print is a good quality, but the shirt itself is undershirt material
Nice and comfortable but they run big and I wear with a belt and still have to constantly pull them up
Cute idea for dress but didn't like it on. It was too big at the top and didn't lay right off shoulder. The bottom was too tight and fitted than I like.
I ordered two different colors and ended up getting the same color on both. Took two days longer to get the wrong one.
The fabric itself is nice, but the seams are sewn with scratchy thread. I won't be wearing the shirt. Otherwise they are well made. After a few washes, the sleep pant seams are comfortable enough and I wear them with a different T-shirt.
Super soft super cozy but deff. See through in the butt, area it'll be great for super long t shirts and dresses but there is no way I could get away with these in public,
Usually we score 100% on HANES products however this time the quality was not as expected, not sure if it is just this batch or there has been a drastic change in the quality being provided now...
Bright color, very stretchy and comfortable, but started falling apart at the seams right away.
Was expecting a heavier sweater
Actual screen print quality differs from stock photo. The stock photo for this shirt appears to be very clear and crisp. Almost looks like a vinyl iron on. The screen printed shirt that was received was nowhere close to that clarity. I returned.
The reviews stated this dress ran a bit small so I order 2 sizes larger than I normally wear. It barely fit over my hips and was even tinier on the waist and bust. The tag in the dress stated it was 2 sizes smaller than what I ordered! Beautiful lace fabric and sturdy construction though.
Love the robe but it was packaged in a plastic bag with all of the air removed and it WRINKLED THE ROBE BADLY !
I love the small size of it. The cards area is good, the other side, hmm, the coin pocket is toooo small for coins. You can put the coins in there, but you have to turn it upside to get it out. Sorry.
I'd five closer to five stars for the quality but as a two-time owner of the VS bikini identical to this, it's really hard to find the right size for this. If you happen to have very similar sizes in a top and bottom, you may be fine. But for someone who is very top heavy, there was no way for me to order the right top without having the bottom fall off me. Too bad. But considering this is a prime item, I'd encourage giving it a try if your tops and bottom can be the same size because it's a beautiful print and nice fabric.
Second purchase of the same brand but this last order the fabric is thinner than last set.
After reading reviews, I bought a small. I'm 5'7 130 lbs and 34d. The small is snug. I should have ordered a medium. I can get away with wearing the bottoms, but the top I can't wear. The top and bottom don't stretch as much as you'd think.
I stay something small and short.
THIS is NOT a dress. I'm 5'10 and it hits at my hip. It's SUPER thin and looks like it was cute with scissors, but so far it's survived the washing machine. Also, it's extremely wide. I had to cut it and tie it on my hip so I didn't look like a sack of laundry. Print is really cute, though. I'm still gonna wear it all summer
I only have one month using it and the inner side is starting to come apart
looks very cheap. I guess you get what you pay for
Belt looks ok, but it is very stiff and already the color is rubbing off on the edges after only a month or two of wearing
Not flattering to me at all. I returned it.
Runs small, order up. Very hot material and not very stretchy. Order well ahead of time to be sure you want to keep it. Mine arrived on Halloween Day so i had no choice but to keep it and wear it. Was too snug and not very comfortable fit
I bought this and the size runs small. I found I could wear it under a short sleeve black shirt and liked it so I kept it. I will probably will be sorry I just didn't return it for a larger one.
Cute scarf but leaves a weird fuzz on my clothes
On the advice of others here I ordered way up in size. The fit is weird. It is roomy in the sleeves and very snug through the waist and bust. I am going to wear this sweater unzipped.
Although this item does hold in what it needs to it is not an actual waist trainer. It stretches over time making it fit loose so please don't think your abdomen is getting smaller..Lol.
I ordered this for my cruise and didn't try it on before I left. The button on the back was missing so had to use a pin to hold it together. All in all very comfy
Sooo my husband wears these every day for work And they are great- however last time we ordered we literally received an unsealed envelop with nothing in it.. that said we called Amazon and they refunded us and told us to order again.. pain In the bottom but, like I said he wears them Everyday and they have been great.
The quality of the outfit is pretty good. The only reason I'm rating it 3 stars is because it smelled like straight up gasoline 🤮
The product itself feels lovely and well made.... but where in the world did they get their sizes from? After reading reviews I ordered a 18m for my daughter who is in 24 m, but it is twice the length of her other clothes. Now I'm debating whether to return it or wait until she is big enough to wear it- but it could be years !
Doesn't fit as snug as I would like, but I still like it.
Took a long time to get. Very cute and comfortable. Quite a lot of compliments.
Very cute. Quality not the best as the tie began to rip on my second wear. Also it is more robe like as it only ties. Easy to fix with a safety pin.
I did not care for it. Did not look good on me. short in the body.
This product is good for the price. It is opaque and isn't too tight or loose, however, there was some loose string on the inside before I even tried on. You get what you pay for.
inside pockets were not stitched and things would fall through..
Cheap price, low quality. I have DD size chest and the Large barely fit! Had to return due to the size being too small. Only recommend for flat chested women. But cute design!
These socks are listed as 86% cotton. The ones I received are 49% cotton, 49% polyester. Not even mostly cotton! I'm pretty annoyed since I bought these socks for the high cotton content. :-(
Just doesn't seem to fit correctly.
Stylish socks. However, they do not stay in place. Constantly have to pull them back up.
Overall okay quality for the price...the bottom was true to size but the top was about 2 sizes smaller than what it should've been. I ordered a size medium
The pants fit well and are cute but the material is stretchy and feels more like a swimsuit than the comfy cotton I was expecting. I am going to keep them but I would not buy another pair.
I like the fact it pulls you in and doesn't slide up . I didn't try and wear more then 8 hours do to becoming uncomfortable. Love it though!
Nice fit for the most part, but the pockets on the sides made it curve out too much. This would be a super cute maternity dress but it's not slimming
If this balaclava was made smaller it would be excellent. I f your head is huge, it would be ideal!
Very cute sweater. Runs a little on the small side for being "oversized". Bought a L and it fits my 5'1", 140 lb daughter perfectly.
Good price for a set of scrubs, but the material is very thin , which is not a huge problem, but if you have any body flaws, these will magnify those areas. Still cute and comfortable.
Beautiful color (burgundy), soft fabric, and cute criss-cross pattern. Good length, though I like shirts a little long. Really wanted to like and keep this shirt. However, the sleeves were so tight they were very uncomfortable, and I am fairly thin. So, sadly, am returning.
Nice shirt but fits a bit small.
I ordered two sizes larger than I normally wear and it seems to be super cute
They're good. I've only used them once. The medium color match me and I'm brown-skinned. However, they are still see through. I thought I would be able to where them with a bralette for a photo shoot but you can still see my nipples in all the photos through the bralette and nipple covers.
Dress looks really beautiful but it isn't true to size and the sequins were falling off all over the place.
Nice quality shirt, and good quality print. I just wish the text was a true red and not sort of orange. Looks a little funny to me but that's just my color perception opinion. Overall good purchase, however it was listed as prime shipping and did not come within the timeframe expected.
The hat runs large and there is no way to adjust it. I must hope that I don't get caught out in the wind!
I had the same issue as another reviewer; they run easily. I like the open toe, which is the reason I purchased. They don't stay up that well as the nylon is not very elastic compared to other brands - more like what I imagine nylons were like years ago LOL. For petite women, the inseam is a little too long because the nylon is not elastic enough to hold them up. I need the open toe, so will keep wearing them until I find another brand.
It keeps you warm but leaves a lot of lint and lose threads on my cloths.
ok but disappointed that there are no pockets in the shorts like most I have purchased for less$... not the quality I was expecting from HEAD...would not buy again
These were nice pants, but, sit too low on my 5'2" body.
Vey high wasted, which is good. Not exactly squat proof. Before even wearing it for the first time there was a little hole in the crotch area. I bought a blue and purple pair as well and all of them have holes in that area. Pretty disappointed, but colors are great, and they make my butt look awesome. so that's why I'm giving them three stars
Great item - as described
I ordered three dozen of these pens for my daughter, and they said black ink and they are blue. She can not use them at work.
A bit too wide and floppy for me, and not well ventilated.....too warm for my comfort.
Suggest ordering smaller size. Dress is very loose, perfect beach/pool.
Also not very comfortable
The actual color is not as dark as the photo. The material is pretty thin too. Love the badge! It will work for my casual cosplay.
Very cute outfit but too short!
Does not fit like my other hats that are the same size.
I can actually wear these for an extended period of time, which is what I was looking for. However, if you are a cold nature person like I am, you can understand that the lining is very thin. I've had to take inserts out of a bathing suit top to serve as an extra layer. Not to sure I'd purchase these again.
Pretty dress. Worth half the price because it is thin like a bathing suit cover. Colors aren't as vibrant but it fits well & fast delivery with prime.
It's an ok bra. A little disappointed in that it's not as comfortable as I had hoped. Maybe my cup size is wrong because the cup is a little big, but the rest seems like it fits. It's just not as comfortable as I would like. Maybe after a couple more washes.
The Fruit of the Loom sock multi-pack was a decent buy. We have three young boys who burn through socks at a manic pace. The little boogers have feet that also grow at a manic pace. While these socks are kind of thin and mediocre in quality, they serve the purpose fine for kids. The colors help with laundry sorting and despite being worn by kids, these do not get excessively smelly after use. The no-show height is good as well. Some of them acquired holes in the big toe or on their heel due to use, but I have seen my boys do that with socks that cost twice as much, so considering the lifespan of a sock ,these were a decent purchase. If you are in a similar situation, these will be fine. If you are looking for a thicker, more substantial sock, look elsewhere.
Very cute dress but you'll need to size up if you have a curvier frame. I'm 5'4 and 134 lbs but I have a butt so the dress fits but is a little more snug in the butt area.
The materiel Little bit hard and the color is not as the picture
I liked the material, to low in front though (Goes half way down my lady bits)
Not what I was hoping for. Had to return
I wanted to love this, but it fits sort of weird and seems too long to be cute
This coat fits as expected and is warm !
I'll keep them as a backup pair but no pockets means no regular use.
Decent quality. I thought that they were dri- fit and they definitely are not. I should have known by the price. But overall good purchase...
It looks awesome...the seller is awesome, and it wasn't too small with the circumference, it was more how shallow it was sitting on top of the head.
I'm 5'8" and it's just too short for my liking.
Way off on the size chart , l could put another person in this with me . I wear XL shirts , they are a little loose on my chest at 48 ( 24) inches as the size chart says . This thing is 50 (25) inches after washing and drying on high temp . It's good quality but terrible sizing .
I ended up giving these to my 11 your old daughter who wears a size 3 in kids
These work well but elastic gives out to soon.
It is good but It did not came with the wristband and the waistband.
Big dress that isn't really flattering. Looks more fitted and striking in the picture. I'd say it's ok and would pass for a nice dress generally but not great.
I hate leaving bad reviews and this product is not bad, I just had to return it because it was too small. I used the provided sizing chart, and in my opinion this product runs a size smaller. :(
Pretty, but the folded neckline doesnt stay put. Very awkward!
If you are fat in your midsection - around the belt area - and you already fighting the tightness of your jeans - do not purchase. Very uncomfortable. Rating in the mid range because I did not put forth the effort to contact the seller.
I normally wear a large had to go up my boobs kept falling out . I only wear a c 36
I brought these for work, but I cannot fit them. They fit larger than described and are short in length. e material was sturdy.
This is not my first purchase of this item. The first one I bought was perfect! It's black and I wanted a nude one this time instead. I ordered the same size as last time and I couldn't even get it around my thighs.. same company maybe a year apart, the black one still fits me just fine. I'm 5'9 150lbs and I ordered a medium. I will be ordering either a large or extra large next time around.
I have been ordering these bibs for years, always quality product. However, as I was putting them on this time side button popped off immediately. Seeing as I have always used them this is a disappointment. If I get a replacement I will give the 5 star rating this product deserves.
Disappointed in the amount of cash it can hold. Difficult to get cards in and out
I have the longer version of these shorts, which come to about mid-thigh...LOVE THEM! I bought the shorter version for summer skirts, as they are the perfect undergarment to hold my insulin pump when I don't have a pocket to slip it into. The XL of the short pair is not the same as the longer pair XL - the top edge is significantly below my belly button, causing the lovely muffin top to roll over it and then shorts to then roll downward. Feels uncomfortable like I'm in boy-shorts bikini bottoms. With the longer version, the top IS high-waisted and this never happens. The material is super-soft, so that's a plus but I'm pulling them up over my tummy constantly, especially when bending over or sitting down - then pulling the bottom of the legs down a bit as they're bunching up to the crotch area. Will still wear these to bed, but I'd be adjusting way too much to wear them in public under a skirt/dress.
I wear a size 8.5 -9 and they are a little too small.
Nylon all the way but looks good and fits as expected. If you want quality material this is not it.
I think it is very pretty. I tried it on and it fit perfect, a little snug. I washed it and it shrunk. Can't wear it. I am about 110 pounds, got an extra small. Wish I could replace with a small.
Quality is lacking but they are cute and cheap.
I liked the sweater when I got it but the first time I wore it the strings all kept falling off of the bottom of it so it looks weird now. It is also bigger then I thought so if you want it cropped like I did I would order a size smaller then you normally do.
it fits nicely but it came damage due the other products in the box some how damage it
Arrived with no Adidas packaging. Is it real? Is it fake? Worst part is the price, its available in our local Dicks Sporting goods for $20 less than I paid.
Very well made. Only problem is it runs Small. I am an XL, I ordered a 2X and it barely fits.
I am 5'2” 106lbs and this was just a little too big everywhere on me. Wish they would make an xs. The neck, as other have mentioned, has to stretch over your head, making it difficult to get dressed after you've done your hair and makeup. Looks great from the reviews that I've seen, on a curvier girl.
very thin material and shorter than I thought it would be
This skirt fit pretty well, but was NOT okay to wear in public. Screaming white crotch panel was like a beacon to the groin area. Definitely wouldn't have been able to wear to golf! 😨
Fits smaller than listed so....can't return...stuck with it
The pants run really big.
Too tight for me but fit for my son.
couples washes and their not useable again.
Looks nice but a little snug around my mid section.
A bit cheaper looking then I'd Like but ok for price
They are a bit smaller than expected, they slip down fast too
Not the shade of color I thought it would be.. disappointed
The inner dividers did not last long. soon after use, the inside dividers for each card, tore apart. Still usable. I may try a larger, roomier model.
I had bought a black pair and loved them. The cobblestone pair was suppose to be the same size as the black pair, but they are too big.
Got this for my daughter for Christmas. Doesn't really look like a unicorn...the. Ode looks like it's from a pig. But it's fluffy, colorful and warm.
Had to return, bra area fit strangely. Beautiful fabric, a little heavier than most swimsuits. Disappointed.
I ordered a black sets of scrubs and I received a light blue. Next time I want what I paid for.
I usually wear a size Small in swimsuits so I ordered the same in this one. Bottom half fit great! My behind looks great and I was very surprised at how the high cut didn't make me feel/look Tarzan'ish as usual... The top though was different than expected. The straps are thicker than they appear in the picture. Maybe because my torso isn't long enough to stretch them out thinner? I'm 5'1. Same as what other reviewers said, the top half seems to be cut wide so in the back, it was floppy/airy at the sides. I wish it fit a little tighter at the top half.
they are very thin material wise. dont know how long they will last
No matter what you do the tied part works itself tight at the leg and loose at the waist
the top was perfect!! the pads were weird though so i took them out. the bottoms on the other hand were AWFUL. they were way too small AND see-through. (i got it in white)
As reviews stated- not a muffin top hider. Other than that- cute- shiny- stretched out quite a bit buy the end of the day. They look good though.
Nice and comfortable but the khakis have become baggy after a day of use
The quality is really good but i should have ordered a smaller size
This bathing suit was ok. It was a little big in the bottom area but I still like it.
I normally wear mediums to be on the safe, appropriate side but this was extremely baggy and the color was off, more brownish tan than expected or desired. Comfy and soft which is very good.
The tunic itself is cute and comfy. But I ordered an XL and they sent a medium. Returns are such a hastle that I ended up giving it to my mom as a Christmas gift. She loves the tunic. It's more form fitting than I would expect a tunic to be. But, like most clothes or shoes I order on Amazon, it isn't worth it because I never get the correct sizes I ordered.
They are great for 2 uses and then they are terrible.
Very comfy but unfortunately the black is see through.
Please remind me after Christmas and I'll rate them. They will be a gift for my son-in-law that he specifically requested. Thank you!
Not bad. Sleeves a bit tight. Thought fabric would be a heavier linen because of picture. But all-in-all the shirt is fine.
I loved the material but the sizing is off...not as baggy as shown.
This suit was much too short for me. If you have a long torso, this suit may not work for you.
It is a very nice item
Love it ! Super cute but way too big for the baby but hey ! Babies grow !
These sock are kind of small and are constantly slipping off my heel which is annoying when I am trying to teach
Does not stick well.
Disappointed that wallet arrived in prior opened box and missing protective wrapping as compared to second new identical (brown vs black) wallet. May be considered new but not adequate to give as a gift.
Super cute and made well but very small. Will not fit my 11 month old. There is no stretch so might be uncomfortable
these are nice and the material is comfy, but the waistband comes up to my ribs. i have to fold them three times to get them to sit right. my guess is that they are patterned for very lean guys with very high waists.
nick opening too large
The bra is nice, but it doesn't give me the proper compression.
These are super comfortable and very light weight for summer. Taking away 2 stars because the material is more like tights when you bend over and squat which is not ideal if your butt isn't covered.
Love the material (won't wrinkles in a suitcase)
Ordered two in the same size one blue and one gray. They blue fits wonderfully but isn't as blue as the picture defiantly a dull blue versus an electric blue and the gray is a little small. I recommend going a size up if you like the baggy comfy sweater look
I bought 2 of these for my boxers (Maybe on smaller dogs it would be better). They are really pretty but the underlying collar is really flimsy almost like a heavy felt fabric. It stretches so sometimes I would find the collar came undone and would find it on the floor. It fell off several times. I was afraid if my dog got out her collar would fall off and the finder wouldn't have my phone number. After several months I finally went to Petsmart and bought a pink Kong collar that is really sturdy. Really pretty collar just wish it was more durable.
Does not hold up. The sticky part started peeling off within 3 minutes of having it on. I'm just glad I didn't leave the house with it on. It's very sticky, which is why I think I may have either bought the wrong size or I just didn't understand the instructions.. idk
I love the colors and the fit. Only drawback is the toe seam is not durable. They need repairs rather quickly.
The costume was packaged nicely. It is also very cute for Halloween or dress up play. However, the hat is a cheap foam material, and it literally falls off as soon as you take a few steps with it on your head. The pant legs were also very large and it was on the more expensive side for a kid costume. We made it work and my son liked it...in the end that is what mattered most.
Fit great except leg holes was too tight. She has chubby legs legs but not super fat. So I was kinda disappointed that it didn't fit.
For reference, I'm 5” and 107 lbs. I usually wear a XS or Small depending on the brand, but I wanted to purchase a little bigger for this item so I can wear it sort of like an oversized hoodie. I purchased an medium and it was too small so make sure to size up. The material is really thick and heavy which some people may not like. I guess it could be good for the winter but I felt like it was suffocating me. I was not expecting it to be this heavy. For the winter time, I usually wear something like this + a jacket over it but I don't think I will be able to wear a jacket over this. It's the material this item is made out of, it's tight on the sleeve part near the hand and just overall tight. The material also seemed different than how it was shown in the pictures.
These socks are nice if they fit! There are some so large that they fall down, some that fit just right, and some that are tight! I would say there is a huge lack of quality control.
I ordered these for leggings day at work so they'll be fine for that. It's not made of high quality material, but I'll get a few casual wears out of them and for less than $20 they're not bad.
I bought these shirts for my nephew. They have really nice designs but the material is pretty thin as it is only 50% cotton.
Cute but kind of flimsy for the price
Ordered my normal size and it fit on the small size. Not any where near over sized. Material is thin and of average quality. Would not pay the same price for one again.
It doesn't fit like an X Large, it has a nice feel, soft, nice hood, sleeves are nice and long, bu the body and tie need to be bigger. Gaps and opens in the the front.
Bottoms are seethrough
These came with rhinestones glued on, and are NOT the same as shown in the product styles photos. The rhinestones made it look cheap- The size fit my one year old but ALL babies are different and you cannot relay on age to determine the size. Take your own measurements.
The pockets make you look lumpy and very ill fitting unfortunately. Fairly seethrough too.
As cheap as it was I wasn't expecting much from it.
Brown needs to be darker
Love the product - hate their shipping BEWARE!!! Charging customers $3.50 extra shipping. Per post office, the shipping label was photo copied and used twice by seller!
Did a really weird thing to my breasts that made them look like small little balls while the rest of the fit was fine, i guess my 32D is too bug for the corset so I had to return.
I would order a size bigger
I thought the design was embroidered, so I was a caught off guard when it was just print. It fit fine, but I returned it because the bell sleeves made it awkward for me. It just wasn't flattering on me at all.
This is a pretty sheer sweater shirt but it ia too sheer
Did not care for the shape of this hat.
Did not like the fit or quality.
It runs wide, which explains why the model has a shirt tied around the front. Kind of deceitful, but I kept the shirt because I loved the message.
too large to be considered teen youth. Quality is fine, just couldn't use for my 13 year old daughter who has an average foot size.
Way too small :( Will be returning, which is unfortunate because the fabric is nice and it's such a cute style!
Three stars because it is a very light baby blue, not the pretty Smokey-blue pictured. I needed it for pictures and have to order something else now at the last minute.
These are very comfortable and good quality, however they ride up a little bit for me.
Needs to order one size bigger
I am 5'6" at 165 lbs with small shoulders and average bust. I fit in the dress but need and XL. Fabric is not the quality or color expected.
Ours showed up a lighter translucent pink, not the opaque hot pink depicted in the picture. They are surely flexible, but the lenses pop out easily and can leave you scrambling looking for them while out on walks, ask me how I know.
Good looking product. Disappointed it didn't fit properly. Was way too small for being a 2xl.
WAY too small and I ordered a size bigger. They said I could return them but id have to pay for shipping and go to the post office....I havent had the time.
Wig was a mess and out of form when I got it. Took lots of hair spray and patience to make it look right
Definitely oversized, which I expected. Not well made, at all. Started ripping on my second use. I would not repurchase or recommend.
Fits good! Looks good for a cheap costume!
Not a bad deal but belt disintegrated from the inside
Quality was ok but ordered a 36 and ended up giving them to a friend that wears a 32. Definitely not true to size!
Looked great but the skirt is so small my teenage daughter couldn't button it.
Item was to large especially around the neck.
Pretty but not the true color as shown in picture.
pleased with purchase
I always wear an XL and it is usually a little extra room which I like but this XL runs to small
Shorter than I thought would be
The fabric was not what I was expecting and it wrinkles easy , I felt it seemed a bit cheap.
I was expecting a soft dreamy cotton-y feel, but these are more silky. Still sooo soft, but not as expected.
Fit was a bit long, the top bit keeps rolling down as it's too long for my torso
Not sure why these got high marks from other buyers, as they are no better than no-show socks you can buy in the store. Wore these with loafers and had to pull them up no less than 30 times over a 4-hour period, before I finally took them off.
The area right off the waste band when worn makes it look puffy.
These socks are soft and nice -- so far after a couple of washings, they seem to wear well. But they don't look like the photo -- they only go about 1.5 inches above the ankle -- and they are NOT wool. Nevertheless, for the price they're a decent buy.
Ehhh. Ok in the elastic but doesn't fit well anywhere else. Gets loose and baggy
I thought it would fit like the black one...it's cut much smaller. Still beautiful, but not a good fit for what I needed it for.
Not the dress shown. Dress I received has sleeves and no pockets
Fit as expected on my 16 year old daughter who typically wears a size 5 and has a slim/athletic build. My only issue is that the shorts look different than the photo..instead of looking like denim, they look like a jegging material. They are also stretchy, which is fine. I also appreciate that they come down long enough in the back to cover her butt cheeks!
I was very impressed with the length. I am 5'10 and have a hard time finding leggings that are long enough, these are very long. But I was very disappointed when they faded dramatically after only two washes.
Needed one size up but it doesn't come any larger.
Looks a bit more feminine then I expected. My biggest issue is that although the bottoms fit perfectly, the top feels much too large.
I'm usually a s/m so I go a medium. It's pretty snug and not flattering. It might have looked nicer if I'd gotten a size bigger. The material is nice.
Smaller than expected go up a size!
The leggings feel wonderful, but the band on the waiste is too tight. It's very sad. I gave them to my 10yr old. They fit her perfectly.
It's super adorable but just a tad larger than what I expected
These definitely did the job of poofing out the flower girl dresses. Some reviewers have said that it didn't have enough poof, but I think they were probably using them under cotton dresses. I used them under dresses with tull material in the skirt, and it added the perfect amount of poof. I also liked the draw string feature that help to adjust to my 2yr old and 4yr old's waist lines. I had to trim the skirt a little at the bottom of the 2yr old's petticoat, because it was a tad too long. The only thing I hated about this product, is that it has a strong fish odor. I used febreeze twice and had it under the fan for two days in a row, and the smell was still faintly there by the time the wedding came. Pretty gross. Did the job, but would not buy again due to the smell.
Small Fit . a tight fit if i had known i would've brought a larger size.
I am 5'7” and these shrank way too much. They shrank about 2” in the length. I bought a medium. They also now have a hole in the inseam. I have only had them for 2 1/2 months. Not happy
It's cheap material but cannot expect much for the price.
The fabric is not great at all. It fits really cute. Don't expect to keep it for a long time. I really doubt it will last.
The elastic was too weak after a few washes they no longer stayed on my baby's hands
This lingerie didn't fit like I thought it should. It is not as flattering as I thought it would be and therefore I am returning it. It is well made, it just doesn't fit my body type.
retains lint and the buttons are cheap - broke 2 before wearing it. Having said that, my daughter loves the style and fit.
Not bad. Didn't fit me quite right but good quality
I very comfortable pants BUT... ive only worn them once and they already have fabric balls in between the legs
Head piece missing from order!
The neckline was not sewn half way around. I'm trying to figure out how to fix. Other wise it was really nice
It did not fit properly and I returned it. Where is my refund?
Fits much smaller than expected so I would order up
Super cute jacket but it does seem to run a bit small (in comparison to a Pinkie Pie version of the jacket that she has in the same size). Unfortunately the wings on the back don't make it through the wash very well....after just one washing, the wings came out shriveled up and were very difficult to flatten back out, making them bulky on the back of the jacket and uncomfortable for my daughter to wear while strapped in her carseat.
I always buy Eddie Bauer but the do not carry the size I have worn for years anymore. I thought I would try Wrangler in my size and sadly dissappointed. Too loose in waist and about 3-4" too long.
It's half a five star half a three really like the pants fit good only had them two weeks and with the second washing one of the pants the seam is already unraveling other pair is good so far
Guess I'm not as big as I thought. Very bagging underwear. I'm a size 16 and I ordered XL.
Nice light jacket but it runs small. My son is 5 and wears a size 6. I bought him a small that size chart says is an 8 figuring he could grow into it and wear it next year. However, it came and is the same as his size 6 coats we already have. Wish I could exchange for the next size up but the price is more expensive.
Didn't realize it was dry clean only, which is a huge pain. Stretchy, but runs small.
They are way too long.
Great quality but the sizes run way too small.
It is not as long as advertised.
The asterisk is for the size of the pockets. They are tiny! I'm a big guy and I wish they were big enough for my hands. Great for storing stuff but good luck getting it out. Would also order up a size from what you think you are, they run small.
Comfortable and seems to fit the bill.
Expected to be on the smaller side but even going up a size wouldn't work, it would look strange. It's not a loose material and is boxy. If you have the right shape, it's cute but because it's short and almost fitted, I think it would look best on a smaller, shorter young girl.
Runs very big! Definitely buy at least one size smaller!! These are not really supportive but are great for making it possible to where pre-pregnancy clothes. I just leave my pants unbuttoned and put the belly band over the top.
Ill keep it simple. What i liked. Material feels nice. The three options to carry your equipment. Roomy enough for a asus rog strix laptop and its accesories. What i didn't like. Zipper on one of the front pocket came undone. No force was applied when it happened. Summary. Used it twice, it was great until the zipper fell off while packing. Pretty disappointed i liked the bag too.
Too small for a man with an average size head, but fits my son well.
Overall, this dress is nice. The dress is pretty thin, but it is true to color and size. I am 5'8" and 125 lbs, ordered a small. As you can see it fits perfectly, but if you look closer the lining is so short. When I bend over, my butt can be seen haha which is a no go. Maybe someone who is shorter would fit better in this? I have a thin build, so it was nice to see the straps were adjustable. A few strings hanging here and there tell me the dress would easily rip or fall apart if really put through some serious use. The dress is really comfortable and cute, but I am returning it due to how short the lining is on me.
I loved it, accidentally ordered 2, but it's just so short in the back, no butt coverage, and shrunk horribly
This is ok. I wouldn't recommend it. It's cute but the fitting is weird
Cute and comfortable but not the advertised color. Should be pink buts it's a light brown. There's a lot of extra material, so it's quite slouchy. And unfortunately you cannot fold the edge over to reduce the amount because its lined in a different material.
they fit wierd in some places but they look alright and theyre comfortable
I've been researching hot weather underwear for an upcoming trip to Thailand. I got these because of the brand name and positive reviews. They're just... odd. The double fold waistband is comfortable (I have a big tummy) and has no elastic. They are a soft combed cotton. They give full rear coverage. And... that's about it. They look more "granny panty" than I expected (full disclosure: I'm used to high-cut panties and these are regular cut). Cool? Not that I've noticed. Wicking? Not that I've noticed. If you like plain cotton briefs, you might like these. Otherwise, keep looking.
Nice bathing suit look wise. Top has no support and bottoms fit tighter if you're curvy.
Ordered my regular size but this was too small.
cute but squeak when you open them not best quality but look nice
I have a small head and after wearing this for about 30 minutes, it started to feel tight. I chose to go back to my old shorter billed ones that I've worn for years.
I really liked the swimsuit on the model and I figured that I would like it on me also, but unfortunately that was not the case. I liked the bottoms. They fit perfectly an were super cute, but the top fit me a little weird. Mind you, I'm a 36DDD so I need a little support in my top. The top was cute, but it offered the same amount of support as a bralette and I had a bit of a uniboob situation going on. It might look nice on someone with a smaller chest, but not so much on me.
too small for size chart
Fit is a little small
Not very soft. Very thin fabric between the ear muff build and the ear
It doesn't breathe well at all, but good quality
Another Amazon sold product that doesn't fit like most America shirts do. Ordered an XL and it fits like a large. The shirt is also terrible about wrinkling. Seriously can any of these companies compete with Ogio or Cutter Buck? Have not found one on this site yet.
These socks are very comfortable and warm. However the small toe is way longer than a small toe should be and after wearing them for awhile they do tend to sag rather than stay up.
Very thin and flimsy fabric
The product was good quality
it was okay, after washed once, its quality shows
I thought this was for a GROWN PERSON head not a child but i made it fit..cute
Very cute ordered this pink unicorn dress with rainbow colored tule for my daughters birthday. The reason I did not give all 5 stars is because it is shorter then it looks in the picture and it's a bit big under the armpit on my daughter but it's ok because you can tie it in the back and it's not as bad. It's not an everyday dress so keep that in mind it's more like a silky material. However it is a very cute dress and after her birthday it will be a cute dress up play dress to have.
Buy larger than your normal size in this color. The white shows everything and clings a little bit. Of course if you have a perfect body, it is beautiful.
Bottom is extremely small top is perfect material is great and quality looks great
Very nice runs A little small I went up a size fits but could have been a little looser
Fit was good, as expected. Fabric is a good quality, but boning leaves a lot to be desired. After wearing a couple of times, the boning started to warp in areas of bending (should not do this).
Jacket was wonderful. The umbrella broke right away. The string holding the plastic to the umbrella frame had pooped off once we opened it.
Feel smaller than previous ones of the same brand. They are okay.
The order was fine I simply got the wrong size and did a return for the product and have ordered another one. The only thing that upset me is that I am being charged to return the item.
These are super comfortable and I thought they would be perfect for my yoga sessions. I wore them to my class and quickly found out that they slide around quite a bit. They seemed to fit perfectly but not really for a yoga class. I still like them and wear them around the house on our tile floors, but I will continue to have bare feet for yoga. I gave it a 3 because they do not work for what I specifically bought them for, but I like them none-the-less. I wear a size 8 in shoes, in case that helps anyone thinking of buying them.
Cute but not my favorite. Appears more like a maternity dress. I normally wear large but it looked big on the photos so i ordered a medium. Weighing 190 pounds it still was too big for my liking. Small would have been better. I like the bottom but not the top. Material super soft and a little sheer. Very flowy. My height is 5'4 and the dress touches my toes. Cute dress,very modest.
after only one washing the color faded out also the shirt should be sold in tall size
Thick belt but only wore for 2 weeks and inside tip of belt peeled back.
It's very pretty, but it's too big I couldn't latch the back tight enough for it to stay in place
I was very disappointed in these leggings, I didn't like the thick seam. They were not comfortable.
Cuff is binding and cuts off circulation. I bought the extra large because of my large calves but couldn't wear them a full day due to the cuffs.
This cardigan is okay. The design along the openings is nice and the pockets are always a bonus! It fits a little small in the arm openings and isn't particulary longer than any other cardigan I've bought, so maybe don't let that part of the description headline influence your decision to buy. I think the major drawback is that it leaves fuzzies. Everywhere. At first I thought it was just because I chose to wear a navy shirt under it, and being that I ordered the Khaki color, it was just a poor color combo choice. Nope. Fuzzies in my hair, all over my desk, all over my desk chair, and I'm sure everywhere in between. I had to deduct one star for the smaller than expected fit, and the second for the fact that the sweater sheds everywhere. I will likely keep it because it isn't a bad sweater, and I'll hope that the fuzzies are just a result of it being a new sweater, and that this shedding will stop shortly.
I didn't have super high expectations, but I was still disappointed. They had a weird smell that I couldn't for multiple loads. Also really big fit for a typical size 4. But they are damn comfy as jar as jeans go.
Nice material and they seem well made but the pouch is too large to provide much support.
The body fit well and looked nice. It is a little too low cut for me. I wore a black strappy bra underneath and it as fine.
These are very thin. I was expecting more of a yoga pant but they aren't like that at all.
I give this 3 stars because both bras do not have the same fit. The dark grey one is way too tight, which leads me to believe it's smaller than how it's labeled. The black one, on the other hand fits perfectly!
I really loved this until I washed it. Then the soft fabric became itchy and too uncomfortable to wear against bare skin. It started to pill. Wash carefully! Otherwise, I loved it.
The color they sent is slightly different than what is pictured, but still works fine. Funny stocking stuffer at Christmas.
It was good but a bit of a tight fit on the shoulders and it also ripped in the back area
It's a beautiful dress and the material is really nice. It's heavy and not cheap at all. I gave it 3 stars because it is kind of big. I'm 5'2” 165 with DD and the chest was still really baggy for a Large. It is also super long. It almost touched the floor on me. Really cute for a taller gal
I received the outfit two days ago and the bow is not of good quality and not properly sewen and the 18 month size is a little small on my son, won't complain as he is 92 %tile. I want to exchange for the 24 months size buy the price has increased by $4.00 :|
Quality of garment is fair. It fits okay.
Beautiful style dress however the material is really bad...
As others have said the hat is made to fit a round head. I do not have a round head. It is soft enough to make it fit. I did not try wetting it to re-shape but if I use it again I will.
A little itchy and I thought it was weird that they didn't cover my legs but they will definitely keep me warm this winter!
It is so hard to find a white polo shirt. Most are now unavailable. This was the only one I could get but I do not like the fit. One size smaller does not fit either, too tight over chest. I kept it, will wash it hot and put in hot dryer. We shall see. I love the Amazon Essential ones but the were sold out!
Over all it's a good wallet, it is bigger than what I thought it would be, I do like the money clip part and I am still adjusting to it. I have had it over a week and still trying to get use to it.
I bought a size large. I go back and forth between a 36/38 C/D depending on the brand. Typically a 36C from Victoria Secret. It's very odd. The grey bra fit perfectly but the black one was way too small. The band extender helped but the straps were too small as well.
I have small breasts, but I am a plus sized woman. I wear size 16/18 tops. The band is so tight that it rolls up no matter what and it leaves a dark red indentation. I am giving these to my mom. One size does NOT fit all. I would have given it a 5 star rating if it wasn't so tight.
I thought there was gonna be two mirrors but I only got one, but why would two mirrors be 1 buck it fits nice no screw drivers needed
Well the dress is not the exact from the picture but still pretty cute dress.
Nice belt, great adjustability. Not the same quality as from the original ratchet belt manufacturer. Saved some money upfront but I can already tell this won't last like my original belt did.
Arrived as promised.
I love the style, but i returned it to get a smaller size
The sweater is just ok. It's really long. I guess it will be cute with leggings. I've had it for a while now and still haven't worn it because of the length. Hopefully I'll get past that and wear it!
This calls itself a sweatshirt, but the fabric is quite thin and not warm at all, as I was expecting. Returning it.
I was surprised to find it tight in the arms, this is not normally a problem for me
Like the logo on hat. Shipped quick, awesome product. I've got a big head and it is hard to find the “perfect” hat.
I, too, was tired of the clamshell cases breaking after only a couple of months, so I tried this. It's okay, but the metal is not sturdy enough for my purposes. I often carry my reading glasses in my back pocket, and the aluminum case will deform if I sit on a hard surface, something I could do with the clamshell type. Also, the edges are a little sharp, and I'm always fearful that I will mess up any leather or vinyl seat covering. So basically, it doesn't work for me on hard, or most soft, surfaces. I guess I'll go back the the clamshells.
Was not as pictured. It had white sleeve cuffs. I would've liked it otherwise.
Comfortable but will cut into your baby fat. Not my favorite but definitely comfortable.
The material of the bra makes it seem like the girls aren't being supported. It's a sexy bra but that's pretty much the best use for it. There's not any support to hold them up and I wear a 40DDD support is something I really need.
I am female and started carrying a front pocket wallet years ago because a purse just got too heavy and hurt my shoulder and neck. I wear jeans most days so having pockets is not a problem. I looked and looked for a pocket wallet that was 2.5 x 3.25 inches. I don't think that size exists any longer. This wallet was the closest I could get. It is still 1/2 to 3/4 inches larger than the one I am replacing. Almost to large. It is stiff as it is RFID and by the end of the day I'm ready to throw it on the dresser. It works ok, is of sturdy material, of good quality and the configuration works for me.
Easy to clean. They only thing I have to say is the rattles should be louder. Very faint almost no noise when my son moves his hands or legs.
Meh. Not as cute as i thought they would be on my 6month old. I'll wait until later to try again. Her legs are just to short and not so chubby for these to work.
Beautiful sports bra, but not made for bigger boobs. There's no adjustability. I wear a 32dd and I'm 130 lbs and 5'6. The medium wouldn't cover enough and I couldn't adjust it. If I went to a large it would be too loose.
Received package today which looks untidy. All the bra's look like to be worn. Not sur how can I attach pic here
The garter was so pretty!!! However, I couldn't use it because it would fall.
So these shorts are not cut like the pictures. The leg opening is oblong from side to side. Not front to back. So you dont get that natural stretch on the side. Instead it kinda flares out. Not really flattering. The material is soft and super stretchy. I'm debating to keep it.
Socks are decent for the price. Just starting to show ware and tear already, a little disappointing.
Quality is fine- they are just super tiny! I ordered a 4/5t for my 4 year old and they are belly shirts on her.
Pockets are ripping from normal wear since Christmas. Just over three months.
I love this bathing suit except that the top is TIGHT. I usually end up wearing the bottoms with a different top because it's like a freakin corset. I like to be athletic when I'm swimming vs. hang out on the sides. If you're someone who doesn't mind the pinch and does like to chill in the pool/on the sides lookin' awesome, this could be for you. It makes my tits look amazing, too. ;)
Item is as expected, but the packaging isn't what I expected. Instead of the cute gift box it just came in a bag. It's a gift for a lingerie shower so I picked this one because of the box, but it will still work.
It would help if the shirts were made in America, even if they cost a bit more.
For the age it was too short and quality not good.
The head is absolutely too small and doesn't fit correctly on neck line
Color is great , but it's a see through shirt.
Adorable, but RUN SMALL! One size fits all is a stretch; I couldn't get them over my knuckles. However, someone at the Salvation Army will love them; a pleasure to donate!
I use these socks for indoor use only and wear soft padded indoor house slippers. This keeps the socks clean while giving extra padding for comfort while walking on hardwood flooring. The socks have lived up to all my expectations, with the exception of just wearing these a maybe 6 or 7 times, the threading on them has started to come loose. Design and comfort are exactly as stated, but the quality of how they were woven together was not done well. I will not be purchasing these again and will try something different out.
It shorter then i expected! I'm 5' 5" and it doesn't come to the small of my back.
It looks like an adult XXL. But it's a Xmas gift so I can't give a review on it at this time.
Order a size up. Too much bunchy fabric in the thumbs, but ok.
The material isn't what i expected, but it did the trick of making our 1 year old believe in santa.
The material isn't the softest. Fits a little larger than expected.
The shorts I revived don't match the item shown. I see the photo had a zipper left pocket on the front. No front pocket on these shorts. Also no zippers on the back pockets.
I got these for post partum, they come up to the desired height to help hide some of the pouch I have, however the band is the only part that is tight at all so I now have a very undesirable muffin top situation going on. They also roll down but I'm having issues with literally everything I wear doing that.
This shirt looks good, but since it's 100% polyester I'm concerned it will make me sweat in the heat. It fits tight in the shoulders and scratches the neck. My recommendation is to buy a different brand with a cotton blend or go one size larger than you would normally wear. Made in China for a smaller person.
Stripes on actual shirt are wider than in picture. Doesn't look as good in person.
The product looks like the picture. What I didn't realize is that there is no easy clip on the front like there normally is on nursing bras. There's just a regular bra clip like you would see on a normal bra which makes it very hard to put back into place when in a hurry or in while nursing in the dark. The product is good quality would just recommend that nursing clips be placed on the front for ease of use
I loved this dress when it arrived. My daughter wears a 5t and I ordered the 5/6 and it was way to short. She couldn't bend over in it. Otherwise, you would see her bottom. I'm so bummed it doesn't come in a bigger size
It's fine, but super uncomfortable but doesn't work as well as I had hoped.
Digs in a bit with almost no stretch. Plus it's HOT (temp wise)
This wig is actually pretty good quality. We were surprised. However the shape in the front is kind of wonky so it looked a bit funny and was difficult to improve the way it lays around the face.
Clip/buckle does not hold well, not well made
This is a beautiful dress, loved the cut and feel, but going to a white party - it is not white but ivory.
Way too small and cheaply made. I guess I know why it was on clearance. Threads started to come unraveled the first time I tried one on. It's not worth it to send them back.
I bought them for my 9 year old daughter but they are too small! Probably better sized for a toddler.
It is very soft and comfortable but when I put it on and pull it all the way on it covers my eyes or if watching tv while wearing it covers my glasses lol. While I am trying to sleep it falls off. Face it, it is too big for me lol. should have known my glasses come from the smaller side like a teenage. the regular sized ones fall off but I figured with my knee-length hair piled up in it just might stay on NOPE!!! LOL but I keep trying
Thin material. Not very flashy. Fits about 2 sizes too large. Maybe a good halloween costume but not good for much else.
Although I am pleased with the the item I received, it came as a long sleeved shirt, not a short sleeve. I will keep it, but be advised that it is not as advertised
Not sure if these run small or if my head is just too big? I ended up giving it away to my little cousin. I really liked the hat. It's so soft inside BUT it would not stay on my head.
This fits well all over. The fabric is fragile and shrinks every time you launder it. I try to have mine air dry to prevent further shrinkage.
I ordered a large because I wear a large but this item was made smaller than the United States sizing
Pretty shirt as pictured. the fabric isnt sheer and breathable as I expected. No need for cami underneath. The cut was flawed. It's a v-neck and the main print on the front wasn't centered.
Material is nice, tank is super cute. Can't give 5 stars because the sizing is off. I wear between an xl and xxl, so I opted for the bigger one. It's super tight. 😔
Unable to try on. Ordered Large. Received Medium in package labeled large. Was looking forward to wearing but replacement won't be delivered in time. Plan to reorder
I wear a medium in most dresses, ordered a large in this and it is snug. I also expected it to be white but it's a darker color - more khaki. The pattern is nice and the quality is good.
Chinese sized product. Order at least one side larger. Also it is only going to fit you if you have a slim upper body. There is no give in the chest if you have much muscle (will tug oddly). Nicely made, sadly not going to work for a lot of people.
Way too small for 5'4”, 120 lbs person. And just a reminder, pads are not included.
I bought this for my 1year old because she's grown out of her winter clothes and it's getting chilly. I think it's super cute, but it's made out of like tracksuit material so it's kind of shiny and it's not as warm as I had hoped. She'll definitely still wear it, but it's not quite what I thought I was ordering.
Socks shrinked after one wash. Socks AR now tight around my ankles.
Has wires in stomach lining. Very yellow rather than nude. Does the job though and true to size. I'm 5'5" and 150lbs and could have used a medium rather than medium/large.
Love the adjustable part, hate how easily the buckle comes undone. I even started to buckle it off to the side and it still comes unbuckled.
I wanted to love this. I thought it was going to be soft cotton but it's stiff. I find the pattern to be darling. I ordered an xl and it won't button up properly holding on to it because I find it to be really cute but it runs small for sure and the material is stiff
Ordered a large and they are a little loose in the waist. I wear an 11, it's hard for me to find the right waist size. They are comfy and look great!!!
Eleven of the socks were OK, one had a hole in the mesh part of the sock. There are loose stitching and knots on inside of socks near the toes. This makes them uncomfortable....would not purchase again.
It was a bit short in the torso. It didn't look great on me though.
Doesn't come with padding? Thought it did
Cute & fun to wear, but size was way larger than expected.
I liked this belt when I first started wearing it, truthfully I still like the design and feel of it. However, after about 2, maybe 3 months of wear it is already broken and not fixable. I think if you only wear belts occasionally it would be nice, but my everyday wear must have been too much for the plastic buckle.
They are kind of small barely contain my package but are very sexy
Not really a compression layer, more like a tight tee shirt. I have other compression tops and they do what they say, still a comfortable top just not s real compression top.
I thought I was getting 12 pairs for $25. I got 6 pairs. I got 12 individual socks. Who labels sock counts individually? 12 pairs for $25 is reasonable. 12 socks for $25 is a rip off.
Like the colors, but these bras do not cover it all
Comfortable fit but already has a hole after wearing it once.
Material seems good but fits small
This shirt is adorable but came with what appeared to be a food stain and a small hole in the back bottom right corner. The material is very thin so you will need a tank top to wear under it. It's very cute just looks like it got beat up a little.
Style provided no support, and my boobs were flying out left and right. I don't have that much advice on this one, just try to make it work! 150 lbs 5'6” 32C 27” waist ordered size large
These are okay but they are a bit large on my skinny size 2/3t son. The waists is ok but the legs are quite roomy
Disappointed because I thought it was white it is cream color or off white.
Too large, long weird arms even if you guys size smaller. Good quality and material though. But unfortunately, it just doesn't fit right.
These are great to wear under scrubs for work! However, they run EXTREMELY small. I'm so glad I ordered the 2X because they fit more like a large. So definitely size up if you order.
Overall I liked this cover up, however it came with a slit in the back. I would've given it 5 stars but it arrived damaged and I had to pay to have it sewed.
I order this using the chart size as guide and was too short. Already send it back.
I haven't worn these yet but I did try them on for a few minutes. Definitely are sticky and also hold you up. I'm anxious to see how long they last.
It was a very nice bra but just didn't fit me right.
They are a lot thinner than I expected. My feet slide inside my shoes.
The toys were low quality
you get what you pay for. fit fine but found some more expensive but well worth the money
Holds everything but is quite long
small. hope they stretch.
I wanted so bad to love this It runs super big Ordered an XL based on other reviews...but, ran super big on me I had to return it and could not re-order as I needed it for a special ocassion
I didn't really know what to say about the fit of this suit. The top is ok but the bottoms fit so weird. It's like the froth is too wide and the front is to big. It's just odd.
Not that great, material is too thin to have a Nice drape.
As a regular sweater without lights, its fine. Comfy, fits nicely, great. However the construction for the lights that make it flashy and over the top? That....could use some work. It broke within an hour of wearing it. So....I guess if you don't mind it not lighting up, you're fine.
A little large. Very comfortable.
I funny know why I have to pick a "fit" to leave feedback for a blowup bay. Would've been cooler if it was a foam bat as it kept flopping over every time I tried to hit someone with it. But nice and cheap accessory for the costume.
This belt been decorated and looks much better.
These gloves are WAY too big for a woman of my size. I have pretty small hands and these really are not "one size fits all"
Bought same dress in a different color from a different seller and sent this one back. Sleeves were too big and did not fit as nice. Paid $1 less here. But had to return.
The bow is more like a red/whine colored and doesn't match the burgundy suspenders...
I got this shirt and my husband liked it so I got him one also. He got his and the MT Dew logo on the front of the shirt is faded and does not look like mine. He still wears it though.
You pay for what you get. But ut was a cute set if outfit.
Very comfortable material but the top gathers up. It needs something to keep in place under the breast.
Quality is good, but I found it smaller than I expected.
I think this shirt deserves to be kicked down a notch because it doesn't include the female character Sky. The girl can't be tough!?! Cute shirt but should've represented the ladies.
Comfortable but runs big! Not crazy about material as it seems to thin!
Ordered too large according to reviews. Did like the back and the swim shorts attached. Will return but will look at other options/styles more flattering now that I did get a sample of what I am wanting. Thank you.
I ordered according to the size chart and they are really big. I'm short so I expected them to be long but they were ridiculously long and not worth hemming.
Very pretty, but since it was mailed in a plastic bag, it arrived all smashed up. The crown is not as large as it appears on the model's head, unless the model is only 98 lbs and has a small head. Oh well...
Super hard to put on but made me feel so sexy and my husband lined it. Did Rip The First Time, Will Prob But again since it was so cheap.
I love my glittery cardigan BUT it runs small the size chart isnt accurate i bought and XL just in case when really i am a size Medium but the XL fit PERFECT so if your ordering this please dont listen to the size chart and get 2 sizes bigger other then that i cant wait to wear it for New Years
I got two different sized left gloves. How do I get one of each sent to me?
Thinner material than expected but fits good
Fitted tight in a few more parts then expected. Medium only true to the skinny medium not a medium built! Still can make it look right though
Hat is great but it did not come with the neck straps as advertised! Good thing I have a sewing machine
Looks like in the pic, but the chest part was big for me, even do I'm going to wear it, what can you expect for the price.
Only hand wash, threw mines in the washing mashing and everything came apart and they run really small
This jacket is perfect for going short distances in the rain...let's say like 1/4 a mile max. If your going to do anything in the rain, where you are going to be exposed to moderate to light rain exceeding 10 minutes, the rain starts to seep thru the sleeves. The chest and back remain dry, but I assume the sleeves are a different cut. I was sorta disappointed as I initially loved this rain jacket.
It's pretty but you can see the lace texture under all of my clothes
5'4, 36C with average build and waist. Ordered a medium because there was no stretch. Unfortunately there are no darts in the chest of top and no give. Chest was too snug while waist seemed to be overly large for a medium size. Adjustable straps were nice but in order to wear around the chest the top would have hung far too low and made the waist even larger. Returned it.
Seems like a decent sweater but I ordered a XXL and this item is quite small. I normally wear a XL so I ordered a size larger as advised by other reviewers. I would size this sweater as a small XL. It certainly is not a "relaxed fit".
Arrived and it was sooooo long. I figured it would shrink in the wash but it shrunk by over a foot! I am now wearing as capris. Still comfortable but I ordered them for the winter, not summer months.
Smaller than it states
The dress is nice and light and love the pockets, had 3 small holes in the dress that I did not notice till I was at an event - but over all I like the dress
Cute costume. I ordered a size up to bundle underneath and it run small!! So only 1 layer versus 2. But is very cute.
Too large for newborn's hands
Served it's purpose when new, but after one wash, it became a hand-me-down. Fabric is thin.
This material is way different than the solid colors. Rayon is what I wanted.
The fabric is awesome! The quality is sub par. The seams were sewn a little wonky, and the hem came out of the bottom of one leg almost immediately. I wish I wouldn't have paid $20 for these, they are not worth that much.
Great scarf for warmth and love the buffalo plaid. The scarf does shed small red fuzz. Do not recommend wearing with a black sweater or coat.
A lil bit bigger than it should be on me. Wish I had gotten it a smaller
First of all, I bought these as a gift for my sister in law but here's what colors came in the six pack: Black, Gray, Plum, Eggplant (same exact color as plum) Magenta, Beetroot (same exact color as magenta. ) So out of six I have two pair that are the same color. Where is the blue pair??? Anyway, I'll keep the duplicate colors and just give her four. They are deliciously comfy and warm and ARE NOT SEE THROUGH at all.
Shirts are okay but the fabric isn't what I thought I'd get
average quality, good price. A pair lasts about a year or two in good condition.
I ordered a large. I am 5 foot and busty. It is a cute outfit.
These glasses are good , because they are less expensive than other glasses. I posted this review with 3 stars. It seems that it was manually changed by Amazon to 5 stars. I changed it back to 3 stars and it was agin changed to 5 stars.
The sleeves are way to small even for a 3x, that's way I ordered a 4x. No stretch. 100 %cotton, this wi.. shrink. To bad it very nice material....
Either this dress is a little bit larger than it says it is, or it is designed for a person that's a C cup or above. Being as I am not a C cup, I returned the XL size I had purchased (because that's what I normally am when buying clothes on line) and went with a L. Much better fit. the swing of the skirt makes it an extra flirty dress. The only way this would even better was if the makers figured out a way to include pockets.
Very beautiful dress and will be perfect for my Halloween costume this year, however the arms fit tight. It's like the dress was cut for my size but they used the same arms for a much smaller dress. It's made from a stretchy velvet so it's not too bad, but I feel awkward. The fabric isn't the greatest quality, this is very much a costume gown and not one for wearing out to a serious formal event or anything.
This piece of crap didn't even last for 3 months a Corona s*** my advice for ya go to a store and buy it's there....
I use these for running only. They are very comfortable. A few washes in on pair has the waist band already coming apart. Disappointed in that but just a fair warning for future buyers. Wish I had a pair for each day, but now have to wash quickly to have for next run.
Very pretty dress but way shorter than expected.
Comfortable but no support at all
Everything fit fine except the pants. I specifically ordered the XL package. I have a 38" waist. The pants were for a 34" waist at best. Nothing about the pants says Extra Large. The quality is great. The shirts, belts, vest, and coat were everything I had hoped for. The pants ruined it for me.
Fit is okay but they slide down a lot. They are high rise but they still fall down a good bit. Maybe because I ordered a large. (I normally run between a med and a large) even the crotch slides down. Very difficult to work in.
Hope it fits! Looks small for a large. Is a gift so I dont know at this time if it fits.
Super cute... if I could get it on. Looked at the measurements and when it came in... the torso was short and it was soooo small.
I'm not sure if I ordered these gloves too large or what but they did not work on a touch screen as expected. Other than that they were good
I really wanted to like this legging. It fitted perfectly. Thick enough for Florida winters. If only it wasn't so itchy.
Shirt is great, but my strings did not come in the back as directed. I carefully opened and examined the bag due to the fact they are suppose to be loosely thrown in. Very disappointed
Two of them broke the day after my return window closed
Bought it for my mother Overall a great dress
Too small for a comfortable fit. I wanted cats on them not dogs.
Nice but one of the back pocket zipper and dangle thing already broke
This suit is very cute on the smaller model. Not flattering on if you are short and wear a size bigger than a medium.
The dress is cute but does not drape like the photo. It is VERY comfortable.
Wear it for warmth. It came very wrinkled because it was folded/scrunched into a smaller bag. I had to hang it for several days until some wrinkles came out. Was it supposed to be wrinkly?
I was really excited to try this item but after one time of wearing it, my sides (under back bra strap) was left with marks and little bruises all over. I ordered my true size after looking at the size guide and it fits ok. A little hard to get it on at first but once it's on it fits nice. Just disappointed about not being able to really wear it anymore because of what it did to my side.
I bought a large Riot Society hoodie for my grandson and the size was to small and the design on it was supposed to be embroider and this one was stamped (painting) like. Disappointed!!!
I liked the dress. It was soft and good quality but I'm normally a medium, ordered a large to be safe and I could hardly get it on. It was tight all over.
The shirt is super cute. Fits a little big, but soft light weight material. Shorts are long and skinny. Looks a little silly, so paired shirt with other shorts we already own. The shorts also look and feel cheap. Great price for a cute outfit, but (with shipping) more than I prefer to pay for just a shirt.
The size runs pretty much accurate just a weird fit. Almost like material is cut wrong in areas. They are very soft tho and warm and cozy. 3 stars for the strange fit in the pants.
Love the swim suit but he stitching is a little rough. Wore once and the straps are coming undone and the fabric is fading away.
These pants run on the small side. Order a size or 2 up. These pants are very itchy and not comfortable. I do not recommend them.
These worked fine for the first 4 months, but the band stretched out and gave no support whatsoever. I would not recommend these to the woman with a full bust.
I have a really big head and was hoping this would be okay at least to get around my head to my mouth but this literally fits as a bracelet for me I just double turn it as such but overall I found it to be extremely small and not very stretchy, I am completely unsure if this is the actual purpose of this mask to be not so stretchy but I highly doubt I would be able to breathe with this on if I could even get it on. To be completely honest I know I have a big head but still I was not expecting it to be that small. In general the design is beautiful and material is great! I will be using it as a bracelet instead I think. But I would not buy it for an adult maybe for a kid or teenager.
It's small and thin material. I'm almost worried to wash it. Probably not worth the price, but I will keep it and wear it on occasion.
Great material but the high waste belly and high cut thighs was not flattering on me at all. The bunched up material made me look larger than I am. I loved the look on the model, but it's not for everyone .
I like the socks comfy, but it gets hairy after the wash.
I love the saying. Shirt was as described except the quality is cheap and it feels cheap. Will have husband wear it this summer but won't make it to next summer.
Very soft and comfortable, would have given it a 5 star rating if it had belt loops. Having to chase the belt is tedious and having it get lost in the wash with your one missing sock is a possibility. Looks like it will last a while though, manufacturing looks good....
Not as tight as I was expecting, and therefore not very shaping. I'm pretty thin, so I was just looking for something to smooth/shape everything. This, IMO was not thick enough to accomplish that, but maybe in a smaller size it would've worked.
It's a beautiful hat but it runs small. It was so tight, it hurt. I had to return it.
What I like the most is the color. What I liked yhe least is the type of fabric. It looks like a nice shirt but I dont like the thin fabric
It was a beautiful skirt but even an extra large was to small for my daughter and she usually wears a med to large. Disappointed.
Too large compared to the others
This is a monster of a robe! By far the thickest, bulkiest Turkish bath robe I have ever owned. Well made and fits well (with the exception of the tie, which seems a bit short), I will probably need to purchase another, lighter robe for use the rest of the year.
Ordered these for my newborn hoping they would be stretchy. These are not what I was hoping for and are currently way too big for her head.
It was very cute but unfortunately ,I had to return it due to a bunch of loose threading hanging from the purse strap. It's on the small side and won't hold much more than credit cards and money.
It had a flaw in the stitching that only became apparent when I washed it, so I needed to mend it, but still very comfortable and a beautiful color.
These are thick and very high waisted, not completely what I wanted for the price, feel as though could of bought something almost exactly the same at a bargain store...
This dress looked very cheap when it arrived. The burgundy color looked like red.
Was much too small for an adult
Swimsuit fits like a glove. Only thing that was annoying was the cups they put inside to cover up your areola's. Other than tht, it fits and shapes to your body really well.
Comfortable PJs. Except that they wrinkle in the dryer.
My son and I both loved this sleeper. It's soft and fit perfectly. He wore it for three nights and wanted it right back on for bedtime after I washed it. Unfortunately, the zipper was missing once it came out of the dryer. I'm so disappointed as I was prepared to buy a few more because we liked it so much!
Rating two stars because it got somewhat big :( so it wasn't really tight enough to do its job.
It came very bulky and long
These definitely run small.
This dress looks just like the picture. It's soft and fit as expected. The green wore off in some spots after one wash and rubs off after a days wear. The bow fell off after the 3rd wear.
I had to reorder this shirt in a large as medium was too tight for my liking - all of the pictures here are from L size only. This shirt looks really pretty, the colors are vibrant and the stoned are shiny but not "in your face" shiny if you know what I mean. I like the shirt, however, there is one huge problem with it and actually all shirts that I have ordered from this brand - I got this shirt in M and L, and 6 other designs/sizes from this brand and each one of them had the same issue - Misprint. First of all you can see that the neckline in front is lower than the one at the back. So when the design from the front was sprayed on some of it got on the unprotected part of the fabric from the back. You might say that is not a big issue and it is not as long as the color from the inside does not "come through" the other side making it look like you are wearing dark shirt underneath it. How bad you can see the color from that on the other side will differ between shirts - on M size it was really visible, on L it was not as bad and looks more like shadow - picture 4 and 5. Following on that note - you can see on pictures 4 and 5 that the areas where material creases (like under the armpits and in seams on the side, around neckline, a few spots on the back) have blank areas - again, how badly it is misprinted will depend on how the fabric was aligned when the design was sprayed on. Shirt in M had so many misprints that I would never wear it in public. This one I am debating whether I want to keep - attached pictures are from the one that is not so bad.
Headband was to big for my newborn baby and skirt tutu was a little loose but overall fabric and colors are pretty and well made
Fit fine.kind of thin. Was expecting a bit thicker material but I like them
Nice bibs I just got some that were too small. Size chart can be confusing, check and double check. I'm a little on the large side 6'2” at 230lbs. Just make sure you are careful when ordering.
Roomy backpack, but it's very slouchy will not stand up, but my son loves it.
I have other waist trainers in Small. This one i got a medium and it's too small by a LOT. I'm trying to lose a few pounds but it really does run small.
Cute shirt just not true to size, runs small
Not costly, but then again the workmanship leaves a bit to be desired, rolled hem stitches just runs off leaving a 2 to 3 inch string and sizing is a bit on the small size.
It's a great product but I had to exchange from medium to small. I am 5'1 and 115 lbs. The small fit perfectly. The edges of the bottom was a little thick so it did show through a skin tight dress so be mindful if that's what you're planning on wearing with this item.
The pants were nice but I wouldn't say it's much stretch like the description said.
First time buying Saucony socks and can't say how much I love the feel of these. The quality seems great and they don't slip. Feel like my feet are able to breathe after a long day wearing shoes too. Would have rated them higher if I received the correct amount of socks. Great quality for the price (even with the wrong amount), so I plan on just keeping them.
Sold as low rise, but too wide for a 6.
Too large, does not hold shape when washed
Cute pattern with soft, comfortable material. Somewhat thin but not see-through. I'm 5ft 3in and these are a good 4-5 inches too long for me. I've had these 4 months now and the color has held up well in the wash but a hole has started appearing between the legs.
Design and colors were great, but the fabric was very clingy and tight. I usually wear a medium, and it was too small. Also, the fabric is very polyester, and not light. It didn't feel great, and would not have felt comfortable wearing this in hot weather at a beach or pool.
Good look but not best quality. Right for price and added go to jacket.
These leggings are very cute, but the material is thin and they run small. They were also short on me and I'm 5'6". They did not fit me like the model in the picture (which is how I like my leggings to fit).
Says that my 6s will fit. Barely!! It's soooo tight.
They are soft and make my boobs look great while they stay on! I also like the colors - very versatile. I was disappointed that there is zero instruction with them on how to make them reusable. Also, when wearing a loose backless shirt the bra kept falling off (and this was my first time using it!) I tried it with a tighter top which held it together a little better but still not my favorite.
I have a trip to Alaska in January I need a pair of pants for. I ordered these and another similar pair on Amazon, both in a medium. I am 5-7, 145lbs and these were too big on me. I considered exchanging for a small but the other pair I got fits perfect. For the money these seem like good pants and I like the little zipper up front. The closer on the waist is just a clasp which I am not a fan of but would deal if everything else worked.
zipper on wrong side.
Missing one of the connectors for the strap! So can't use the strap. Cute purse other then that.
Didn't like too much but I'll keep it, not as stretchy/comfy as I thought
The hem is curved. Dress is shorter on the sides. I like a straight hemline.
Stitching out in some places on gloves
This is how I just received my package. Thank God it didn't fall out.
I'm 6'0 tall and it's too long for me. I feel like an elf in it.
Zipper leather is much darker than my desert boot, looks weird.
The material was not the best and the size was too small. It also shrunk really easily in the wash.
too small, low cut and slit was to high. Dress was very itchy and uncomfortable. Dress itself was pretty to look at.
I like them but they aren't made as well as in the past. Elastic isn't as sturdy. Must have new manufacturer.
Run small and very thin material but they will work for just around my house. Too thin and tight to be comfortable in public.
These fit smaller than the same underwear I have ordered from Pact directly
Style great. Material a bit too flimsy for me
It's okay, does what it's supposed to do but's different from any other belt I've purchased.
They fit fine on my son and feel of good quality. Unfortunately they are not as advertised. These are only 60% merino and not 80% (see photo).
It fits as expected and really cute but the feathers are already coming out of it.
It's super see through defenitly needs some sort of undershirt but it is very cute.
Purchased for wearing around the house, very soft and comfortable.
A little too snug for me. I'll be stepping up to the next size. They are very comfortable but just need to get the better size and then I know I will be happier.
Great concept and sticky, but did not fit right. I'm a 36B. I probably should have gotten a smaller size.
I loved these at first. The covered elastic made them extra comfortable. They were a bit smaller than Hanes from Target, but okay because they stretched better. Two washes and they're already falling apart.
I usually wear a 36d and the Large was too small cup wise but fit in the band. It was also pink and yellow floral not white and pink. Just didn't look good on me.
Super cute but water leaks in if you even partially submerge your hair, and a chunk of the strap broke off the first time I put it on. It would be great for a costume or just for aesthetic, but it's not the best for keeping your hair dry when swimming.
This is a pretty nice hat for the price. The materials are nice and it's very cleanly sewn together. However, when I received it I realized they had tacked the front of the hat to the brim causing it to sit too high on the head. When I cut the tack stitches I found they had modified the pattern on the front to account for their tacked-down design alteration. Thus, there is a slight peak on the front seam which looks odd and the hat again will not sit as it should. It's unfortunate that such reasonably good craftsmanship has Benn wasted on a hat designed by someone who doesn't seem to understand this version of the garment. Fortunately, it was a relatively inexpensive experiment.
Not at all what I expected. I looked like farmer Joe in these overalls. Not cute.
We didn't get the necklace it was supposed to come with.
There is no lining in this jacket so the seams are exposed. It fit fine a bit shorter than expected.
Zipper is somewhat hard to pull as it gets stuck. Pockets a bit awkward. Wish they were positioned at a more practical level. Still a keeper though.
The sizing is so off it's not even funny. The extra-large is nearly a medium. Nice hat nevertheless. The ear flaps are cool.
Beautiful color, and very very soft. The size is deceiving, it is so stretchy that it fits very large. For a comfy bra it is great, for a sports bra it doesn't give much support. During my Zumba class my "girls" went everywhere! Ha!
Very latex looking, I've kept them because they're so cheap. They smell awful, like chemicals, but for $6 what can you expect.
These jeans were much too large. I wear a size 8 tall and these fit more like a 10.
I'm small and wear a 5 so that's what I ordered they fit ok but nearly come up to my belly button so don't really like that. Most of my pants come just above my hips so these will likely stick out above them. Liked the price and so far seem in good shape
four edges not fitting very well
Cheap looking wallet.
5'6, 180 lbs. A bit snug at the hips. Replacing with an XL instead of a L.
Very cute top, but faded with the first washing.
The belt was barely big enough to fit around me...which is more my fault then the guys who made it lol but the cloth that goes around that same portion was no where near the size it needed to be. The shoulder cloth that hangs down is not 2 seperate pieces and does not hang down the back it is sewn to the front half of the ...and there are a couple other things...basically be wary of size...and if you just want a pretty deluxe halloween costume this is good but if you want accuracy and are picky (like me) go elsewhere.
Order a small but it was too big had to go get it fix which cost me $60.00 but after all enjoy the color .
after washing they were to small
Not as soft as expected. Product not much stretchable and soft as other brands I bought, even though both brands said to be 95% cotton and 5% spandex. Size is a bit smaller than expected.
Did not come in the color that I ordered
After reading several reviews about sizing I was nervous I would get the wrong size. I'm 5'2 and 105 pounds and the xs gave me the best fit. Only drawback is it's a little tight in the arms.
Hello, I check my mail box and my order it's not here!!! I need to see how are we going to do this, because if I didn't get my order I want my money back!! Thank you
Cute skirt Over priced in my opinion Not as fluffy as pic
This shirt is great quality, I would wear it to work, or to a dinner or something like that… But I would never wear it playing golf. It's just too hot, it didn't feel breathable, and for warm summer golf that's what I was looking for. Otherwise, it's a perfectly good golf shirt.
Super cute. I will wear it, but the fabric is pretty cheap. Given the price that makes sense. I do have a similar dress for similar price that has better fabric. I thought I was buying the same thing. However some cute shoes can help offset the dress. Overall I like it.
Waistband is crappy. Just like another reviewer the waistband does come all rolled over. I can't seem to fix it.
It "works" but looks cheap, like a part of a Halloween costume from Party City, definitely not for a lady to wear out. Maybe my 10 year old can use it for one of her school plays.
Thin, but hard to get cards from it and no protection for bills. I would not buy it again...
This item works as advertised. It's a little small in my opinion. So, I think it's a little pricey for what it is. I give it a 3 star because it works but value is not there.
Comfortable, holds a lot of cards, looks good and overall not bulky. But clip broke less than six months
Good quality. A bit see through though, need nude undergarments.
Not bad at all. The fabric however is a bit odd. Not soft like normal hoodies. Makes me wonder if there using generic sewing methods or if these guys are using not so good cloth material. Don't get me wrong the clothing is unique and very nice for the price range. My concern is the fabric though. Something is just odd how this feels.
Hem is much shorter than pictured, and the arm holes are also way smaller than pictured. Also the shaded part of the design is blue not gray lol. Pretty thin fabric but really soft, and the printing is not stiff. I love and will wear it tons, but it's not what I thought I was buying! I'm 5'10 and around 150lb and the xl is just barely big enough
I only have it three stars because it didn't work at all for me. Evidently, I can't go without underwire. Fit funny and uncomfortable for me because of no underwire. The bra itself was nice, just didn't work for me.
Super cute diaper covers / bloomers but the elastic around the legs is coming detached.
It's very cute and great quality material the fit is a little weird tho. I ordered a large and I'm normally a small. The length is great the armpits are kinda strange but not bad and the neck is a little loose but not terrible. I would order another again in another color I got the pink it's like a lavender pink.
I like it however I feel the sides are a little higher which can be a pain hiding depending on thr dress you're wearing. And If you sweat at all the adhesive starts to loosen which I suppose is to be expected.
If you are a small , order a small
I bought this for a vacation trip and it came right on time love that the design was beautiful and it felt comfortable. I also haven't put a bathing suit on since I was a kid and this bathing suit makes me want to buy more. It makes me feel confident and happy to go into the pool. It was loose on the arms and chest but I just adjusted the straps and the only problem I have is after I washed it the bottom of the suit got a little light and with fuzz balls so that's a bummer but still happy with the purchase
I bought one of these to use as a shower cap--the plastic shower caps just got moldy too fast! Unfortunately, this item was already a bit too small when I got it, and of course it shrank after I laundered it so now it barely covers my hair.
I like the socks and they are a great value. Two things disappoint me 1. The tops are super tight so they can't be worn all day and 2. I was expecting crew socks with a portion maybe a third up my calf but these are anklets. Maybe I ordered too small but I wear a size 7, should have been fine.
Waste was a good fit ,the length was longer than what the label said.
The reviews on this vest was all over the place!! So size wise its a toss up! I ordered up be cause i am a bit chesty! I wish i hadnt! Its boxy! I look like a line backer! Not sure if im keeping it!
I wish the navy strip would go all the way around to the back. The shirt looks a little odd from the side. Otherwise it's cute.
The material is low quality
Overall cute shirt, it fits kind of boxy.
The shit runs a little small. Its kinda short too.. I would size up.
Like the fit, material and color. However, one pant leg is 3 inches longer than the other. Wouldn't be aggravating except there is an embroidered logo near the hem - looks pretty goofy. One leg is hemmed, the other isn't.
It is a little sheer and the neckline is neither all the way off shoulder or on the shoulder
Nice material. Dress is for someone with a long torso. Swims in odd places on bodice
The shirt is beautiful and well made. The label is 4X. I wear a L or Extra Large but with this shirt I can barely get my arms into the sleeves. I spent the money to ship it to South America so there it is not worth the money to return the shirt. I sure wish the company used American size system. It is really a nice shirt.
They give a decent compression
Not as warm as I had hoped. very comfortable. .nice fit.
Ordered XS and it was still to big. Not for petite women.
The shorts were pretty nice, but definitely too big. I typically border on L/XL so I ordered the Large and they were still too roomy. I also wish the material was a tad bit heavier, but it was still okay and I'll probably re-order the Medium.
Wonderful and convenient little handbag, but the zipper keeps breaking!! Bought an identical replacement and that zipper also had same defect!!! Would like to return both for credit.
I was kind of surprised that the Jean quality is good. I ordered the pants with large pockets in the back. They are very cute in the back, however, they are so baggy in the crotch area it's unreal. It looks really dorky. I will return unfortunately.
Had to tighten the straps because the top part was falling off. But even with that the neck part is not as taut/fit i.e. slightly loose. I am 32D but i think this is for people with bigger busts. And even with that, it would fit but be slightly revealing. The material is not as strong or durable. But I love the colors and I might buy another swimming top to wear with it and use it anyways.
My fiance loves his funny socks. They were a bit tight on him, but work none-the-less. DO NOT DRY! Hang them up or they will turn into childrens socks.
Broke in first 30 mins
This t-shirt is cute, but i returned it. I'm a size 10 and the xl was way too wide for me.
A cute dress for the price. Somewhat Small. I had to bet one size up. We used it for a dance performance- and it looked nice. However beading was already coming off in some of the dresses, as well as the fringes. One of the dresses we received and returned smelled as if it had been used... so beware - give yourself enough time to make replacements if needed.
It sticks very well. Outside in 100 degrees it got a little sweaty but stayed on.
The back was not designed well to avoid back fat at the strap
I wore things socks and had a hole by the end of a long day. I probably walked 4 miles that day in dress shoes. They feel and look great but I need something more durable. And yes, I trim my toe nails.
Like the style but item runs small. Have to return it.
For sure how it fits yet but was pretty disappointed to find it had a tear in the seam at the sleeve RIGHT OUT OF THE PACKAGE. It it was a separated seam that'd be an easy fix, this is a hole/tear!
The bra fits right but it has a seam where it irritates my skin near the hooks
Smaller than expected for the size
I have this in black and really like it so I ordered one in blue. They're both the same size only the fits me like it's a small/medium. I ordered large. Tag says large but it's definitely way smaller. Disappointed because I had assumed it would fit the same so I took the tags and liner off wore it so I cannot return now.
The only negative thing about this is it's very hard to take out the credit cards. I have tried all three slots and they are all tough to take out feels like it is stuck in there
Strap too thin. Returned. Babies would ya k it down.
I bought this for a Halloween costume for my kid, but it didn't even make it through the night. The gun broke in several places and isn't durable at all. It is overpriced for it's cheap design. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Nice but unfortunately I'm allergic to it
I like the style, the quality could be better. The fabric is not very soft.
It looks better in the pic. Looks childish on because of the floppy sleeves. The fit looks more like a linebacker wearing pads. I gave away.
5'8”, 27” waist, 38” hips, 32C. I ordered a medium based on the size recommendations and while it fit my hips, it is voluminous on my top. The arm holes open to halfway down my boob and are really loose. The length of the dress was exactly where I wanted it so I was bummed it didn't fit. Oh well! Seemed like decent quality for the price, just didn't fit me well.
Very cute, but too big
The leggings look nice, however, I was hoping for something with a little more spandex and tummy control. It's so hard to tell from the description.
I was very excited when the package arrived and the dress it's self looks great! I tried it on and it was extremely short. I'm 5'6” and it barely covered anything. I will be returning :(
Pants fit around waist, but tight around crouch and legs.. bought for a father's day gift. Dad has skinny legs so was just disappointed with tight areas. He did like the material and pockets, everything else he was well pleased.
It was a little more wide than long which we didn't care for but other than that it was a good shirt
Very nice but smaller than expected. A little tight for my 71/2 foot.
The writing is a little faded. The colors are not bright.
It worked for the costume.
The large print on the back looks great. The seams at the bottom of the zipper look bad.
Kind of flimsy compared to a different wallet I got for my other son. And the characters are glittery.
Shoulders and sleeves are a little more snug than I wanted, but that's to be expected with online plus size shopping. The material is cheap and thin. It'll work for what I needed, but I wouldn't reccomend buying it.
Nice quality fabric but not adequate compression feels like regular socks to me. Guess I'll wear 2 pair to get the compression I need.
I love Lee jeans and they fit me well. I've bought them for years, but the material of these is thin and not at all like a real jeans product. I don't think I can purchase online anymore because I don't know what I'm getting anymore. Too bad.
I love the length but the waist is shorter than the other Avery Jean in blue that I ordered. A little disappointed the waist isn't higher but this will do.
Not sized appropriately. I bought large for my sister and it was TINY. Will be returning.
I read all the amazing reviews on the mct oil and was excited to try it out and was hoping for the extra energy boost and focus since I am trying to study for a test coming up. I do not feel any different and I still get very sleeping in the mornings after I wake up :/
Not as comfortable as i wanted it to be. Material feels.like nylon made and button went off on first day.
Way too big, I got a medium which is usually fine but it hangs off of me. I'm only wearing it around the house since it looks like a nightgown. Super comfortable though.
I'm 5'3" . 128 lbs . pear shape good room for big hip and thigh It is a little bit too long. It is fine for the dresses that pass the knees. quite sheer
Cute vest but the armholes are HUGE. I bought a medium and a large. I may order a small. I want it to work that much.
it's super cute but material is fairly thin and it's on the larger side of the scale. I ordered an 18-24 month and it's more like a 2t.
One star off for the fit, it's not very slouchy. In fact, it's much more snug and fits more like a durag than a regular beanie. Another star off for the material. It's advertised as a thin, summer beanie but is much thicker than expected and VERY WARM. Do not recommend for summer unless you like your head soaked in sweat. Fabric is nice and the print is pleasing, otherwise needs to be about 2-3 sizes larger and about a quarter of the thickness.
It fits as expected, but disappointed in how it looks.
I always wear a 2x and this is too small
The wig came on time and super fast. It's a little sparse in the back of the head, but it's going to work with my husbands costume.
Size is perfect and good material. I would buy again in another color
Runs small and can see through it.. Returned and refunded fast! Great customer service!!
While the suit fit true to size, the bra cups floated loose and need to be permanently attached. Not comfortable that way as I had to continually move them into position until I sewed them in. The dye runs even after 2 washings.
it was a little small but hey for that price im not mad
Made in China, standard quality, leather looks more plastic than leather, average fabrication, leather between firm/soft fits large than other brands
Nice but more blue than black in color
The picture shows that these have the built in mittens but the ones I received do not have that. The material is okay but doesn't seem to be as good of a quality of the Carter's clothes you would normally find in the stores. The color is exactly as shown in the picture and they seem to be true to size.
The shorts were very cute but didn't stretch very well so it looks quite tight around hips & butt. Wish it was a different material.
This is shorter and tighter than expected.
The hat and scarf both offer warmth, but the gloves that come with the set are not for cold weather,the fabric is too thin. It would have been perfect to own a complete winter set.
I love the fit of this dress, the length, and the price. But it is So. So. Sheer. I bought the black dress, and even with black undergarments, you can see right through. I planned to wear this with leggings, so that isn't an issue, but I'll have to be careful to wear the right bra. For $13, it's still worth it to me to keep the dress, but I had hoped to order several more, which I will not be doing now.
Description was not accurate. This is not a leather hat. Will probably keep due to the good fit and price.
There wasn't much slouch to it, but I also have a (slightly) larger than average head :)
I didnt dislike the product quite cute actually. The only problem was that the pants were way to small. My daughter is an average size 4 year old a d I believe I ordered her a size 5 but they did go on but she can barely sit with them on.
Large size was smaller than I expected it to be.
great shirt, way too big and itchy.
Ran way small - recommend going up two sizes
For normal to small calves these are excellent If a person has large lower legs the top is too tight.
Had an extra button at the bottom with no button hole
It's a cute jumpsuit but material is to thin you can see right through it. I have it in orange.
Light weight, smaller than expected
It doesn't 'hang' as the pic shows. It's not off the shoulder and has a regular boat neck. The hem line is too short. The material is nice. I gave it away to someone because returns are a hassle.
The material is good, well put together, not too thin. I got the smallest size and it fits like a boyfriends hoodie :( (I'm 5'6 and 95 lbs) it would be perfect for curvy girls though!
It ran to big, but I sew so I was able to take up.
Adorable, but kept sliding off.
Received damaged, fit well, very nice looking hat except for crease I. Front of crown.
not a good value. only decent at best. would not purchase again.
The quality of these socks is nice but the sizes and cut are a mixture. Some of them are nice but some of them are smaller and lower cut at the back of the heal which kind of defeats the purpose of this style of sock. I ordered two packages of these and both of them had a mix in them. I ended up giving half of them to my daughter who wears a size 8 shoe. My size 9.5 feet didn't work with several of the pairs.
Comfortable but the quality isn't the best for Champion! Wanted to keep since they're so comfortable, but after wearing them 2-3 times they were more worn on the thighs
This product is very large. And the feet and beak are extremely floppy.
It fit great, nice material, and was comfortable. I was concerned about it being see through, and others said it was not. I thought it was, and returned as a result.
a bit too scratchy on my back but do the job
Good quality. Texture just what I like. But one size smaller than labeled BEFORE washing, although it did not shrink during|after washing. No room for undershirt. Because I had laundered it, I gave it to a friend rather than return it.
The detail in the back looks nice but it is impractical. The straps are not easily adjustable because they are velvet. I tugged on the one strap to try to loosen it a bit and detached in the front. Luckily, I was able to sew it back together, but I was disappointed in quality of the stitching.
These run pretty small. Ordered the Male XL for my guy even though he typically wears a L. It was a pretty snug fit in the waist on both the pant and top. The shoulders are large and broad. Note for the men, the pajamas because they run small are not complementary for the lower regions. I will say that the quality of the product seemed really good and well made.
Pretty light weight.
The shirt I order was an XXL but I am usually a L or XL. The arm fit was close to being tight, when I move it feels a little uncomfortable on the arms. The chest are was good and length was perfect. The material is a bit heavy, maybe because it's a big size?
Would have loved this if it had fit. It's a little smaller than expected so I had to return it. The material was good and it was soft and cute design though!
Beautiful material, but it was too much fabric for my frame. I'm 5'5” and wear a size small in tops.
The fit is fine, but the blue shows every particle of dust it touches. I now just use them as housework pants. I also bought the khaki and charcoal grey in the same size and style, and they are my nicer work pants. Comfortable to move around in for the mechanical work I do, but nice enough looking to be presentable.
Very cute. The bottoms were really tight so wasn't true to my size.
I usually use a large on workout leggings but this time I ordered a XL and it's a bit tight they are good but for what I like a bit uncomfortable
I would like small size instead of medium
It's a nice color & size but the cards would not fit in the slots. Hard to get them out as well. Just wasn't for me. Great customer service though!
Poor dying process. Whatever is in the inside pockets imprints on the outside,the finish rubs off.the leather is sturdy but the finish is poor
The shoulders keep riding up.
Used once. Great to decorate for a costume.
Beautiful dress, light and comfortable. But I wish the material was thicker. With the light color and how thin it is, I have to wear a tank top under it, otherwise even my white bra shows.
I bought two of these just for casual wear, not work related at all. After buying a large and not really liking how big it fit, I sized down to a medium and the fit is exactly what I was looking for. The only complaint I have is that the black showed up as more of a really dark gray color. I wanted something to match with my black Levi's and this doesn't really do it. But, I like the fit and it's comfy so I'm keeping it. If you don't like your hoodies big/oversized, go down a full size.
Nicely priced, fast shipping. Easy to adjust belts that come in a nicely upscale box; however, there is an industrial/chemical odor when you open the box. Even after hanging the belts in the open air for a few weeks to get rid of the odor, they still stink when you put your nose right up to them. Should be okay to wear; but, it doesn't look like that nasty chemical smell is going away. I even tried placing them in a plastic bag with a scented laundry dryer sheet, with no luck. I'm guessing these CANNOT BE REAL LEATHER.
Finishing is bit weak. But does the purpose..
Too tight. Next time I will get a less constrictive pair.
I like them as liner socks but my husband didn't like them. Then make you slip around in your hiking shoes when you have merino socks on the outside. It's difficult especially on a downhill hike.
Socks feel and fit great! A little disappointing that I was short 1 sock!
A little tight but got the job done
I'm giving this 3 stars as it is a good quality beach/sun hat, however, do not be misled by the name. This is not a bucket hat. It has zero solid structure and flops on your head. I was hoping for one just like the picture but it looks nothing like this. Disappointed in the look
The material is thin
The lace front of the dress is not even on the top. Little mistakes with the sawing here and there but it's ok, I take it to fix it. I like my dress , will be perfect for my beach wedding. Thank you
It fit nicely but the color rubbed off on my daughters skin. After washing, it started to fade right away.
CUTE DRESS BUT IT'S SMALLER THAN THE SIZE CHART SAYS.
Ears were different from each other
Socks fit well but lack the grip to stay on my heel.
My husband is normally a L, he got a L fit good a little extra room. The material is thin.
Comfortable except for tag in the back. Also provides little support. But cute to wear.
These work OK as summertime "pasties" for when I don't want to wear a bra. However, the "lift" promise is not what one might hope. Sticking the attached flap further up your breast area maybe pulls your breast up a little bit, but certainly doesn't lift you up as much as the photos might make you think...not at all the "lift" of a bra, and I don't know how you'd enhance your cleavage without the plastic flaps showing.
Good quality but not true to size
A pleasant good morning I am disappointed with the condition the jeans that I ordered for my husband arrived in. I have been a loyal customer from 2017. Will upload a picture to show the jeans to which I am referring. Soon as I figure out how to do that.
I have returned these for refund immediately after receiving them and trying on one pair. The heels of these socks are microscopic. They don't come halfway up my heel and won't stay on when worn with shoes. I tried them with my actual boat shoes, and the thick welt at the top edge of the heel gets very uncomfortable because it's located on the most prominent part of the heel, where it presses into the shoe most. These socks have a few pros (hence three stars and not less): - The colors of these socks are nice and true to website photos - The material is really neat, and the silicone grippers in the heel look really promising - Manufacturing quality is great, I think they would last many washes I really wanted to keep these socks, they are awesome in all regards but one -- but that one sadly is a deal-breaker.
Lower on me then I needed. Sits about an inch below my belly. Lace is pretty but it rolls down. Would be better if they were high waist.
First thinking, it looks a little small.
The shirt was ok quality, but ran very small. Ordered a small and it fit more like a 4/5
I ordered a med and I am 5'10" and I love these pants. But i should have ordered a small because they stretch really good. But the length is great and still looks super cute with my heels.
I LOVE the way these fit! I really wanted to give 5 stars but after I washed these on the delicate cycle mind you, the part of the stitching on the cuffs came unraveled and the cuffs are now all messed up looking. I love all wax denim but this is very irritating because the shirts are so cute and flattering on. For size reference I am 5'3 & 154lbs and the large fits perfectly!
like the hat, but kind of tight, gave it to my daughter she loves it, so if you where a large hat or have a bigger head i do not recommend this hat
Cups a smudge to large at ddd and ribs fit more like a 34 than a 36 wearable but happy to remove.
Good, but not durable. They pill and are not soft after 4 months.
Fits weird...the space your head goes into is round, most heads are oval. It sort of wobbles. I also popped a snap the second time I unsnapped it. But it's inexpensive enough that I wanted to make it work..I was able to soak it and reshape it somewhat, and I just sewed that side back up.
I ordered larger than I wear and it was too small quality of materials looked good but I wasn't able to wear them unfortunately
I liked the design of this of it runs very small.
This fits nicely and is very warm, but is so wrinkled and feels cheap. The price should have been lower for the quality.
Mask was somehow dirty (possibly from the factory) and has more of a sharp, straight form across the top. Shiny on the inside. Could be better for someone who wants to craft.
Order large but after I wash them in cold water and put them on a very low heat drying cycle the T-shirt shrink a bit!
The way the size was described comparable to underwear didn't work. It is too large.
Love the look, but its WAY smaller than expected. I ordered a 3X, expecting it would fix bigger since I've lost a bunch of weight. No such luck.
While I thought the style was cute, it was not cute for me. I will say that material is thick and stretchy so that's nice. I tried a L and it fit just fine. Again, personally for me, it was not the right style for my body and height.
My 3-year old son loved this but we almost returned it as the ring was scratched and looked like it had been used before.
Although a good price write out the gate there not grey
These socks are okay but not awesome. They are on the thin side so don't expect a lot of warmth in cold climates. Also if you wear a shoe size 8 or more - buy the next size up option, these socks shrink. If your legs swell you might want to look elsewhere - the band at the top is a bit snug and not forgiving, I have divots in my legs at the end of the day.
Product was very short
I love the concept and have bought other caps like this but this one didn't fit quite as good and the hole for the ponytail was smaller & lower. It was a little big and has a very slight gap/space in the back. Didn't look too bad (I still wear it occasionally) but I prefer my other cap with a higher hole (vs slit on this one) and the other one is a perfect fit.
A little on the small side. Drapes well though. Color is a little darker than expected but it works for me.
Nice quality shirts but they run small. I am a size 10/12, got an XL, and they are still pretty snug.
I purchased this for my Scar costume this past Halloween. The color was what I needed. From reading reviews and just from knowing how clothing usually runs small from Amazon I bought a Large. Im a size 6 and fit usually S-M. It was barely fit in the arms and hips for me. It still rode up a little when walking so I had to be careful about that although I wore a long coat and tights under anyway. Wish I could have kept it cuz I like the color and style but it wasnt functional for me.
Good product at a good price, just not for me. I would rather spend $10 more and better Quality and Style with a Nike shirt. I ended up giving this to Goodwill. If you are in the market for a budget sports shirt, then purchase this.
Very stiff material not what I expected
Fits and looks great!' Would of have it a 5 star but it has random stiff stains
One day. One day I will find a swim suit that fits my boobs. Today is not that day. Probably meant for a C cup. Bummer cause it's well made and very cute
i liked the reviews on line - and bought the dress with high expectations. not a good look on me. returning it
It's good for the money, fabric is not great.
Can't find a way to contact seller but the ring didn't come with the belt. Everything else seems good.
Nice leggings, pockets were too far apart and looked kinda funny
I really like it but I'm giving it 3 stars because you can't adjust the chest area. And there's no way it fits that tight on the waist of the model. I made it work for the event I went to, but I wish I could wear it more.
Completly no show and good fit. Don't slide down but fabric feels cheaply thin.
Too small. Will have to return! ☹️
nice color but cheap
I wish the brim of the hat would be a little bit more stiff.
It was for a friend.....she said it was too big
Pretty much what expected, a couple of the strings fell apart. Not a bad product, you get what you pay for.
Its a classy belt and what I expected. However its really too long so I shall try to shorten it. david
The poms on the hat aren't as big and fluffy like they are in the picture :(
These socks are cute to look at, they're soft on the outside, and they're warm...the problem is the INSIDE is full of dangling threads and loops of threads that catch my toes and toenails. Because I have very sensitive feet, walking on the threads and knitted ridges becomes very uncomfortable after a few minutes. I bought these sock because they were cute and I needed to keep my feet warm...they may suit someone else perfectly fine, but I would not buy them again (and saying that makes me feel bad, but it's true). btw I didn't ask for my money back to buy other socks...I will find someone who needs or wants them.
I bought this in orange loved it received so many compliments...bought it again in black it's ill fitting w large awkward belt loops . Very disappointed
Ordered XL which was too big.... I ususally wear M or L. Did not like the cut, though..... the flare at the bottom of the shirt was very unflattering....
looks just like the picture, i kept it
Cheep material many lint on my head. Wear only Christmas day.
I was super excited about this outfit. I ordered it eventhough the reviews says it's runs small. It really does and the waist sits high. The fabric isn't as thick as the picture either. But their customer service is great. I requested a refund, printed my label and about 2 days later had my refund back in my account.
The quality is nice, but in the description it says it's one size fits all... which is definitely not the case, if I was any bigger than what I am now it would have definitely not fit... and I'm not that large of a person...
I ordered a large and the tag says large but it it quite small compared to my other t shirts of the same size
The smell is horrible. My daughter loved it for her costume but couldn't keep it on for more than 20 min had to keep putting it on and taking it off. I also had to cut the eyes to make it better to see in she is 11
Unfortunately, the shirt runs very small. By that I mean, I normally wear a size XL and I wanted this shirt to fit very loose and the size XXL that I ordered was, actually, rather tight. Therefore, please be warned, again, that the shirts do run, rather smaller than normal. Other than that, and yet again, it is a great shirt. Lastly, I will be ordering a size XXXL if they have that size available.
Love the concept, looks very cute, hoping the socks are good quality - the colors seem very vibrant and they look nice. For the price though I feel very disappointed in the packaging. Very cheap plastic, the lid was broken in 2 places and wouldn't stay in place. Feels light and flimsy. I had to tape the lid on, which to me brought the overall aesthetic of the gift down. Noting that the Amazon box itself was in tact and all other items were perfectly in tact - this product's packaging being so poor really is the reason I can't give a full 5 star review.
Overall dress was good but I cannot fit it because of my shape. If you order 1 size up.. go up 2 if you have curves. The skirt has no stretch and the furry material isnt what I expected but it's okay. Skirt may have just been flat from shipping, overall i think its an okay dress.
This dress is really cute and fit nicely. Wrinkles but that was expected because it is cotton. It arrived in a timely manner. So why only three stars? It was missing its belt and I didn't feel it was worth the time and trouble to return it. Other than that, it was great.
Runs small just like many reviewers mentioned. Glad I ordered up 2 sizes! Doesn't look like the picture - relaxed baggy- but it's still cute.
Nice T-shirt for the winter, nice fabric but very heavy , plus large for it's size, order a 3xl tall and was swimming in it
Once I washed them they shrinked to about a size 12m and they are size 3t ... I hope they fit her still
The hardware looks too big and cheap.
Would have liked it better if a little longer, but it is OK.
The sides coming out of the ball dig into the corners of the mouth a bit making it uncomfortable after short use. Maybe attach it less tight.
These are cute- I bought them as a lower priced alternative to the Hudson camo jeans. The fabric is stiffer than expected, so they aren't the most comfortable pants to wear. Hopefully it will soften up over time.
1X is too small, more like a large...and they billed me for two, sent me two..and I only ordered one..not happy...
Expensive. Just go with Uniqlo. They have the best fabric with heat technology for less price
If you look closely at the picture of the blue elephants pattern sleep shirt, you will notice that one sleeve is not the same as the other one. When I tried it on, it just felt a bit strange, and I kept adjusting it until I noticed that there was a problem with the garment. I took it off and matched up the sleeves. Sure enough! One sleeve is short and tight in the armpit. The brand on the shirt is White Stag, but the printing is strange on the label, so I assume that I just bought a factory reject. The defect is probably not so much that it will bother me while I'm sleeping, so I'm keeping the shirt. Other than the sleeve, it's soft, 100% cotton, and comfortably long/wide for my size, without being too baggy. But if you have large arms, you might have to order a huge size to get the arm holes to be comfortable. I bought a second night shirt from this seller. It was the grey one with dogs on it. That one is fine--perfect really. (Same White Stag label, but I can't find any defects.) I'm just annoyed that I paid the same price for both shirts when one is not as nice.
I have bought both medium and small in patty clothing, and both sizes fit pretty well with plenty of stretch. This one,however, is definitely on the larger size for a medium. I felt like I was swimming in it. At 125 lbs, 5'6" and 34C, I should have gotten a small or even maybe an extra small
Very soft, fits as expected after wash only issue is the many of the threads were weak and came apart I had to repair
Shirt came in large like it was supposed to. But came in what a like to call fatboy wide. I'll still wear it but to wide
Sleeves were way too baggy. Not sure what that is all about. Neck was comfortable, chest and waste were a tad bulky also.
Decent price. I got the same size as I do for other brands of boxers I purchase, but these are smaller than the other brands. So I am kind of bummed about that. Not worth returning though. I like the colors, but they are very thin material. Would not purchase these again.
Bought a medium and it's very big. I'm 5 8" 142lbs and it's big.
Quality is only so so. It's ok for the price though.
Beautiful color and design. I had a bilateral mastectomy and this was a very good choice as the top was soft padding that was not over abundant and looks very natural. I would recommend getting one size larger if you have a large tummy
This was a nice, cute little sweater, however, it is very thin and would not keep me warm at my office. The size fit as expected except the arm area was to small for me and that is why I am returning it.
Sleeves are bulkier. Chest is tighter. Kind of an awkward fit. Wore a sweater over it to cover the sleeves.
It was much larger than their traditional large size. It said large but was more likely XL or XXL. Also, when did carhart start using recycled tree bark to make their fabric? This material was really stiff, maybe it would wash out but I didn't want to try with how enormous this is thing was. It looked really nice though.
Not great- but decent. Needs a bit more spandex in the material to make it better. It's comfortable but doesn't fit as snug as I'd like. They're cute and nice and good enough for nighttime.
I suggest buying a size bigger than what you are. It is tight on the calves and arms.
I just was not crazy about them. The material is thin and not the softest. I expected pockets for some reason too which was disappointing. I bought periwinkle for my mother and decided to send them back as soon as I opened the box.
Did not stay on my nails for more than a couple days
It says that fits til an specific height and it didn't. I returned the item and they refunded me
Looks great to bad at 3xl it doesn't fit. I wear a 2xl and 3xl shirt yet this barely covers me. I'm gonna have to alter it myself.
Would be five star but this was advertised as Prime but took just under 4 weeks to be delivered. Nice quality top and fits perfect.
I like the dress; love the color! But the material is very thin. It stretches somewhat thin across my chest, so unfortunately I am returning it.
Stiff. Does not stretch at all.
I was surprised to see tags when I opened the package since the item Q&A suggests otherwise. reviews on the Hanes website also state that they have changed adding tags. Minus 2 stars for slapping an existing product name on what is clearly a different, arguably inferior, product.
PROS: Soft comfortable material, good fit CONS: The stitching is horrendous. There are huge knots of jumbled stitching at the edges. The threads are already coming unraveled after a short period of time, less than 2 months. This is happening at the collar and wrists. I suggest paying a little more for a better quality shirt.
Product seems fine, very satisfied.
I work in the OR and I definitely like these caps a lot. They are nice and comfy and can be adjusted easily without cutting the circulation off to your head lol I don't like the fact that 1-2 of my caps, on the inside lining (where the forehead is) came as yellow and not white like the other two. I also notice that the caps seem to attract small fibers. I have to take a roller to each cap after every wash
I want to love this bra! Just needs a better band, doesn't hold in place and I feel like I'm going to fall out. I first bought a medium. Then figured I would size up but still have the same problem with the bottom band. As soon as I lift my arms, up it goes and all support is lost. Also, the pads show in the pink color. So I wouldn't be able to keep the pads if I'm working out without and over shirt. More support lost. Super soft material but I wouldn't wear this except for lounging around. I'll be returning
I ordered a 6-9 month onsie, but received a much larger outfit. The tag is not in English but says 12M on it. I am guessing I was sent a 12 month size incorrectly. The outfit is cut but has a large tag on the side and I received the wrong size.
The bottoms fit great and are super cute...the top is bulky and kind of uncomfortable.
Price and quality is good. It's just that it took me three hours to punch the hole and get the sizing correct on myself. I'd probably want to pay more money and get the sizing right than do the work myself at that point.
the material was very shiny and not very flattering
I am trying to get used to this bra. it has no support. The straps are comfortable. It is basically a bra that keeps your breasts from swinging around.
The size was good it fit well and reason I like you shorts is a nice for a long time
Came a little small, so when I pull them up around my heels, I can hear some of the fibers breaking. Quality seems good, just a bit small for my size 12 feet.
I love the skirt. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars instead of 5 is because it doesn't have alot of tulle. The image presented is fuller and longer. I will be buying more tulle to add on.
The body part was good but the cup was too small due to my large breast, but very cute
They look pretty silly in real life.
When I washed it the black strip faded into the white material.
I found this to be a little bit too small to hold all my hair in at night.
Some were perfect. I got a big range of sizes from small to xl and half were quality cotton and half were cheapo fabric.
Fabric is too thin not very easy to wear
I wanted a concealing cami. I got a bandage shaper. Returned.
Tiny hole in the neck-not the brand listed on description -no wool as described-overall a very cozy sweater...just a little disappointed.
Nice dress. Decent quality fabric, to where the light blue color didn't show too much of my undergarments. However, know that bra lines will show if the dress hugs you at all. Still, it's a nice dress for the price. However, along the right side seams between the underarm and waist, it was obvious the seamstress did a poor job. In one spot a hole was about to start, and in another spot it was obvious the seams were not folded in the proper direction, so the place where two seams meet is uneven and crooked. This is often a fairly easy fix (or it can be reinforced), but the issue was allowed and got shipped to me. Now I have to figure out how to exchange the dress, because I really do think it is worth the money.
Even though these were a standard size and I have others from this brand and size, these ran a little small. Hoping that washing and wear will fix that.
I'll try the small next time and see if it's a better fit. I also want to see if they withstand my workouts. I'll give another review in about 6 months to let you know how they're holding up.
I wear a size 7 5/8 hat and this cap will not even come close to fitting. Description state it is adjustable and fits most sizes. If you hat size is bigger that a 7 this will not fit. It also is a head hugger style, not a baseball style. It appears to be of good quality, just small.
I wasn't sure if I would like it or not. However I was surprised when it came (on time)!! You definitely need to air it out for awhile (smells strongly like chemicals when opened). I wish it was longer however it covers all the important things I wanted to keep covered
These socks are very warm, without the need for wool and comfortable. I feel if there were more elastic in the tops they would stay up better.
It was "okay". Quality was really not what I expected, the sequins were more spread apart than what I had hoped. It looked nice in photos but in person looked a bit cheap.
The cami is nice and fits well. The g-string is flimsy and fits poorly (but is unnecessary ;-) ).
I have to constantly keep pulling these up
It is a really cute swim suit. It came just as described. Nice material and not see through at all. Short were longer than i thought they would be which made me smile. I got a size larger because of past reviews. Glad it did. It all depends on how you want it to fit. I didn't want it skin tight. The only negative is there is no support in the bust. The built in bra fits very loosely.
Not what I expected... but value for price
I loved this dress! I'm giving it only 3 stars because I bought it for a specific event and didn't realize till the day of that it had a small hole in it. I still wore it, but was disappointed. Since it's worn I don't know if I can exchange it now for a new one.
The bra is lovely and exactly as pictures delivery was on time. But the package was too big for just a bra it came in a huge box which cost me alot extra on courier costs. But it's lovely
Beautiful color and fit, but very thin.
The top runs small. The XL fits more like a large. It's more snug than I would like and the material is unusual. I expected something more like a sweatshirt, but its a thick silky synthetic of some sort. The color and pattern of the purple is pretty though and I'll keep it and wear it. It just wasn't what I expected. If you like a looser fit I'd definitely suggest sizing up.
I ordered an extra large, but it fits more like a medium.
They were great for the first month or so with cold wash + hanging to dry, really soft and comfortable. However yesterday I accidentally included them in the dryer with my other clothes (on medium heat) and now the crotch area has lots of little burrs and feels scratchy to wear. I didn't think they would be quite so fragile.
these did not meet our expectation
Looks good but small
Not as flowy as the picture so if you have any curves at all. Pass on it
Size 16. Got 2x because I wanted it to be loose. PJs fit like an L or a XL, which makes them hilariously unflattering. Thank goodness I'm wearing them in the privacy of my own home. Still giving 3 stars because material is decent enough. I am just sleeping in them after all. But if you're over a size 12/14 and want to impress someone with your cute bed attire, don't get these. I don't know why we all think a crop top will be flattering. We have a belly. It's never flattering lol
Didn't like the fact that the material was real then there was no give
Haven't really wore them but trying them on they seem small
Other reviews stated that this coat ran very small, and recommended ordering a size or two up. I ordered a medium (I usually wear a small) and the coat was way too big. I also stood outside in it for a few minutes and didn't find it as warm as I was expecting. Will be returning, sadly.
The photos show that the colors are muted. NOT the case. It is incredibly bright and loud. The collar is rather high and irritating if you don't like that. I don't!
Blue heather is great color, but the women's XL might fit my slim, 14-year-old son, not anyone with a chest.
The image above is not all what the shirt looked like but it was for a joke and it fit so all was good.
Cute sunglasses, just took almost 2 months to get to me!
These have the potential to be very cute but are not the best quality. Many of the "petals" of the flowers are falling out or missing in spaces. I took a needle and thread to them to help reassemble and also to shorten the bands, they are assembled with glue so adding stitches is a bit difficult. They are very cute all cleaned up. Big sized, I had to take them in a lot to fit my 6month old. So overall might be worth the price for all the parts and pieces but I had to put in too much work to make them usable.
The split is basically directly in the center of the dress so I was constantly adjusting and pulling the dress down to avoid flashing everyone. Other than that, fit nice, made my boobs look good, and the ruching at the waist was flattering. Just too short/badly placed split
I wouldn't buy it again poor quality so I'm using it as just a bathing suit cover.
Quality of the fabric was disappointing
Good quality but waaaaaay too large. Even the small size
Good quality. Too small for my needs.
The costume was cute but it didnt look like a bat, looked like a bunny. I wasnt feeling it.
Sleeves are a little long but easy to roll. It's soft material and fits as expected. You can tell it was made quickly because the tags have spelling mistakes like iron is spelled incorrectly and 2 other words on the tag. I'm nervous to wash it so going to hand wash.
They are thin and comfortable. Pretty expensive for what ya get mine didnt even have the bird on them that was actually why I ordered them. There just socks
Great jacket but had to return because the upper arm shoulder area is way too tight. i'm 6 ft 190 lbs and the XL or L+ was too small/tight in that area only. the rest of the jacket fit really good,
The top Is a little small, Poor quality of material
It's ok - The fabric is not so stretchable for yoga/stretching workouts though.
I ordered this strapless bra to try it, I was expecting to have a bit more support under the cups, it really doesn't have any support and I am between a C & D cup, it does not create any shape , I knew I wouldn't wear them, and that's is why I returned both colors. I will continue to look at this brand to see if there's something else that would be strapless with more support. Thank you!!
Overall I think it's true to size but it's not as fluffy as I thought it would be and the zippers on it make it seem “cheap”. I thought it would be thicker and warmer, ended up returning.
It has a dart at the chest and it was stretched. I wear a 38D and had to keep pulling the chest part together. Also, once I washed it the dart broke apart.
I received this item in good condition and had our logo embroidered on the left chest however it has already split at the seam all the way up the left arm. I am having to have a seamstress repair since it is already embroidered.
I gave it away. I couldn't stand the mustard color.
The picture on the watch face looks cheap. Cute but cheap. In fact the whole watch looks cheap but the price was not much so I should not have expected more. The watch is huge. It seems to work okay. Was delivered much faster than expected.
These are cute but are very very large.
Bought it as a Halloween costume for my daughter thinking it would double as pjs afterwards. The buttons are not very sturdy and have already had to be replaced/reinforced. Fabric does not wash well. Pills and sheds on other laundry you wash it with. Also does not dry well.
Okay so I am way over the weight limit for these particular fishnets so the smaller mesh did not do so well. I'm 5-10 and 370 lbs however the larger mesh did accommodate for that so it actually stayed together whereas the smaller size nets split immediately
The quality of the material is not so good. I've had to sew the zippers back on. The color is very nice though.
I would not recommend these if you want some lift. I was fresh out shower, no oil or lotion on me once dry I applied breast lift. Before I was even done with hair and makeup the "bunny ear" portion was releasing and sliding down. I'm sure glad they did so before I left to go out for the evening. a change in outfit was needed and I'm disappointed I couldn't wear the strappy blouse I had planned on wearing. If you just want nipple coverage then you are fine purchasing these.
It is a cute shirt! I think it runs small though. I got an XL (usually a M) because I wanted it to be pretty loose, however it is snug around my chest and arms. It is really comfortable and soft overall though! Also, I have Amazon Prime and got 2 day shipping but it took a few more days than it was supposed to.
One size fits all is a little big. I would say large to extra large. It is very pretty and decent quality for the price
Sits crooked on my head and seam down the front isn't in the center. Looks weird and cheap. Also ponytail hole is not quite right
too flimsy and puffy in my Coach purse. wouldn't stay in place and would buckle and scrunch down if I didn't get my wallet in correctly. Liked the compartments but the other issues outweighed the benefits.
not impressed, I would not wear it outside of my home
I liked that it was mailed immediately. I didn't like the quality but I guess you get what you pay for.
Returned for a better fitting item.
small and wide torso (awkward fitting for me as I am tall and lean) and long arms. Didn't fit right so I ended up just giving it to a friend.
Overall for the price (since you get two costumes) I'm satisfied. However you get what you pay for, the quality is pretty poor. The costumes are very flimsy with no structure and oversized (assuming since one size fits all) so unless you walk around with your arms sticking straight out the whole costume bends and is distorted.
This fits like a true plus size. I sit right between a 20 and 22, and the 22 fits...ok. The shorts seem low in the back. I'm used to high-waisted swimsuits, so I keep wanting to pull these higher. The mesh lining is poor quality and oddly attached only on the front of the shorts. Worst of all, the outline of your bits 'n pieces are visible through the shorts! I cannot emphasize this enough. It's cameltoe city with these! It's a bummer, because I like the length and fit of these shorts otherwise.
Poor quality on the print
I got this dress for a baby shower and I was so excited for it. Unfortunately it's not made for ladies with a big chest. I'm so sad to return it!
The dress looked like the picture however I returned it. Was considerably smaller than described.
the mittens don't stay on my babies for more than a few minutes, and my babies are now just over 1 month old. i ended up having to buy a different type of mittens with a better elastic band at the wrist. the caps did not fit my babies at first, but they do fit now. Although they're cute, I can't say that I recommend these..
fabric does not flow well, fits more like a stiff maternity top even after washing.
I am 5'10", this came above my ankles and was VERY tight. I am 150 lb
Nice gloves. Pretty warm. Unfortunately ripped at seam in 2 spots after 2 nd day. Returned and requested replacement. Let's see???
Doesn't have a good support.
Overall it was OK. Wife enjoyed it. The patch on the one I got was giant was almost the width of the scarf. But mainly my disappointment was that it was very thin. For the cost I was thinking it would be thicker than it's cheaper counterparts. It's about as thick a normal sock.
Very cute. Thinner fabric but hangs nicely.
The material is what you pay for... Overall the fit is great and its just like the size chart says! The top is very thin and see through and the shorts fit great in the waist because of the elastic band, but they are very puffy and wide in the thigh area.
The dress itself is very pretty, just like the picture. It just fits differently. ALOT of side boob. You can pull the front up and tie it tighter to slightly help with that, or wear a jacket or sweater. I will probably still wear it, just didn't exaclty love how it fit. The slit was barely noticeable, only when I stuck my leg out on purpose to show the slit. Overall very pretty dress
It is a very good light weight jacket. Unfortunately it does not come in petit sizes, so the sleeves are too long. I might have to try to shorten them.
Love this tie! Got lots of compliments, sadly the dye / paint wore off in a small spot and made the tie unwearable after only a few months
It is very cute, but the hat was too big for me.. And I have a big head.. lol
It's alright, it is very sheer, my nude colored bra was visible through it, it also runs a little small, not too bad and I can make it work. But I would spend a little more and get a higher quality top.
I bought a size large. Fits like a small. Thankfully I lost a lot of weight so I can wear it, but it's still tight!
It was well made but way too big
When I ordered this I thought I ordered a wallet that had an inscription inside of it dedicated to my son. It did not come with that...but...still a nice wallet, however, a very strong odor from this fake type of leather. Like a bad chemical smell. Very strong. Can't seem to get rid of it.
Next time order a size up the product runs small
I was hoping this was going to fix my issues while running or any high impact activity but it doesn't :(. I still bounce a lot
I like the jacket but it refuses to zip and that makes me very disappointed. Not very happy
I wanted to keep this swimsuit but it ended up being too small. I wasn't comfortable in it and didn't feel confident. I ended up returning it. I'm 5'5", 135 lbs, 34D - ordered a Large
It was for a Halloween costume and is almost 2 sizes to small
I probably would of ordered a small, instead of a medium size...but very comfy!
It fits great but the legs are a bit narrow, I have narrow legs so it was confusing, so everyone I would wear it I needed help from my husband
Good size but not like the Bally zipper wallet I really wanted.
I will start off by saying that the top is so cute, comfortable, and fits GREAT. However, the bottoms are most definitely meant for a teenager or someone with no back end. I am 5'6 and weigh 135 and ordered a medium. The bottoms were so tight that I could barely get them on so, I threw them away. I gave three stars because I don't see how the bottoms would fit anyone over the age of 14.
Nice shirts. The white one came with a stain.
Its very thin and not a soft comfy cotton like others that I have.
nice bra but very tight
Did not like material. I thought it was gonna be a cotton tshirt type, but it was like a thick linen. Can work for you if that is what you're looking for
Very weird pant material. Kinda cheap looking, but still cute.
I get that this is a low cut shirt but for someone who's not 20 and has some extra skin or weight (even a little bit) this is a total miss. It is high neck, (not a huge deal), but the side drops all the way down to practically my hip. In the back its cut same same. I got it in the light purple color as I don't have any work out tanks that color. CUTE. I was trying to think how I could wear it and not be self conscious. SPIN? MAYBE RUNNING? TOO LOOSE...ELIPTICAL? MAYBE..HIIT? NO FABRIC WOULD GET CAUGHT ON SOMETHING. Fabric is nice and soft though. 5'7 135 32D Small was too messy and a bit long for my liking.
these leggings are very soft, but somewhat thin. I feel they run a little small. Not bad for the money.
Cheap option for a fun and funny outfit. Size is off and fabric is not pajama qualify.
I ordered this onesie specifically because I didn't want the baggy look in between the legs like the similar onesies from other sellers. It is not exactly as pictured and is baggy in between the legs. Pretty disappointed because I ordered a more expensive one for the sole purpose of it not being baggy.
I ordered one set (LG) and received a set of plain underwear that fit well with sufficient give/flexibility. Having liked the first set so much I ordered another (same size) and received a set of patterned underwear (not something I'd pick out but it was selected for me through the purchasing options on here) and they feel at least a size smaller than the first and with zero give/flexibility. I have other underwear in smaller sizes, but the major lack of flexibility in these in addition to them being extremely small are reasons I avoid wearing them. I'd give a lower rating if the first set weren't so great. Without going into great detail, they're so low in the front there's no modesty to be had even if I wanted any. The other set is fine though! I've unfortunately missed the return window and while I'd like another plain set like the first ones I have I'm too nervous about being duped again.
I wouldn't buy them again. They are hand wash only sock's. No
It started to scratch and peel a bit on the first couple days, bit for thr price, im happy with it.
This band is cute but it rubbed my bones on my wrist making it uncomfortable to wear. It is sitting on my dresser collecting dust.
Nice shirt, does not look like photo.... I was looking for more country girl look it's not distressed looking , wears ok... sometimes pictures don't do clothes justice and sometimes they look better in a photo.. I liked the photo better however maybe after few washing and hanging out to dry it will give it more tough sexy country girl look ,lol
My son loved it.... but it was not fleece at all. Very thin poly, like workout fabric. Do not expect any warmth from this
These are not for those with big butts and thighs. Nope nope nope. Return was super easy though.
I love it but it's a little to tight ,but I still use it when going out or church
These are a bit thinner, more like dress socks.
I like the vest but I have only wore it 4 or 5 times and 9ne of the buttons already came off. Cute but cheap
Shrinks in the wash and dryer, this looks like a baby crop top which is wrong in more than one way
The fabric and construction wasn't as expected. I typically order a small in work out gear because I like a good fit while being active. This set didn't have as good of a stretch and didn't snap back like others do. You can see the stitching at the seems a little as well. Overall, it's ok didn't rip. It just wasn't what I was expecting as I've ordered other sets that I love! The seamless sets are my favorite. I gave this set to my daughter as she's a little smaller than I am.
Tools are cute and light weight but the belt is useless. Too stiff.
Shrunk significantly in the wash and now it's too short.
Cute, but you can see straight through the white chevron. Not a good look for plus size and pregnant.
The fit was ok, but it does have large arm holes
The design of the jacket is fine. However, the sleeves are a little too short.
It is comfy but I wanted to order it oversized but it came in and was very form fitting
There was a sewing mishap. The seam on one of the arms was not sewn properly. Big hole. Other than that, very comfortable
Very scratch material. They were tighter in the bell than expected, but they were long enough.
Nice but was too tight.
I have no complaints with how the shirt fit, it looked great. However, I had to return it because it just felt too cheap. It had that synthetic, plasticky material and was not comfortable.
It came in a timely matter. My daughter is 3 yrs old so I got a size small. The costume is stretchy material so it fits her well around the chest and torso but of course it was too long on the arms and legs, which was not a problem for me since I just cut it to her length. I love that she can layer underneath since it's usually cold out this time of year. She loves the mask and purse. Too bad the one we got has a marking right in the front on the costume :( otherwise, it's a really cute costume!
I bought this bra in black and nude. The nude fits well, but the black constantly rides up my chest (so I cannot wear it). I bought them both in the same size. Update: The seller contacted me as a result of this review and offered to send me a new black bra. I received it within a week, and the fit is perfect. So the nude is true to my normal size, but I needed to go up one size in the black. Great customer service!
The idea is cute but it just doesn't stay. The bow slides above my boobs. Might work better for small chested women.
The fur on the headpiece is not as puffy and wild like it is in the picture. The ears are also not that big, so the picture is misleading.
I like the underwear, however I didn't get the set I ordered. I don't know what happened but I will keep them because they are still cute. I ordered the ones with the polka dots and they sent me the ones with the stripes. It's not the end of the world and I guess there is a first time for everything.
Shirt fits as expected. However the material isn't what I thought it would be. The material of the shirt is more like a dri fit Athletic type shirt. It's not a soft cotton. The material is heavy. The sleeves are cuffed just like in the picture. It's not a bad shirt but it's not the light weight material I was expecting.
Cute skirt but extremely large for a S-M and no way to adjust.
Didn't fit well. But cute. Had to send back.
Very cheap when it comes to the waist band.
The color is faded compared to the picture, and the fabric is flimsy.
The polka dots were pretty big
I ordered this in navy, and the color is as pretty as I expected. It is made of a lightweight, stretchy material, so it fits a little snuggly around the chest and arms. I like the way it flares out without looking like a maternity dress. However, it is a little too short for my liking. It is just at my fingertips when my arms are down at my sides. I almost sent it back for this reason, but decided to just wear it with thicker leggings. It will look nice with a scarf or a long pendant necklace.
I purchased this jacket on Amazon in the Summer of 2017 and wore it occasionally in the Fall of 2017, Spring of 2018 and the Fall of 2018. In he Spring of 2019, after only three seasons of occasional use, the zipper assembly at the bottom of the jacket came apart and it was no longer possible to zip the jacket closed. I brought the jacket to a local tailor They wanted $45 to replace the entire zipper. (The tailor said that the original zipper was of cheap quality.) I'm disappointed that a Columbia product would use cheap hardware in their jackets. Follow up note: I contacted Columbia through their website. They replied promptly informing me that their outerwear comes with a lifetime guarantee. They asked me to mail the jacket back to them so they can either repair it or issue a credit.
CANT USE THEM AND CANT RETURN THEM..SO IM STUCK WITH THESE HUGE BRIEFS
The socks were extremely soft but they are a bit on the small side. That was not a problem for me I could handle it as they are really nice to wear. But the problem is in the washing. There were no instructions given on what was recommended so I washed them with my other socks and they shrunk quite a bit and they were not washed in hot water. They are still wearable, but are much smaller. That is why I gave them a 3.
Decent quality. Not terrible. Very medium
Side length is a little short
I love the style and how it works but it does not hold a lid of money and gets stretched out easy. I have already had to replace it once because it broke
Headband and earrings worked well, arm cuffs did not. Metal cut into arm. Tips of leaf stem bent easily and one broke completely off. Weld/solder came apart on other one. Basically stand still and don't move like a normal human to keep intact.
Super soft and comfortable my child loves them but after a few times wearing them they got holes in them. On the seams as well as in the middle of the fabric.
It wasn't the same material that I've purchased before.
I love the fabric, color and fit. One if the snaps was broken though.
They're just ok. Not as thick as I would've liked. The material is pretty shiny, which I'm not a huge fan of. Overall not terrible for the price.
I lowered the stars rating because this company substituted a style (color) without my permission. I specifically ordered the underwear with the lions and alligators, etc because my grandson loves animals. I am very disappointed that I had no way of telling the company that I am disappointed. I wish they would send me the right ones that I requested (they were a gift).
A little tight & transparent but still wearable
Good fit, good material, the tee could have been better quality, but its very good.
Beautiful print but it's too short and very tight on the arms. If I lift my arms up you will see my world. Fits more like a shirt sadly, even when you order a larger size..
Nice material. Not as tapered as I wanted but still fit well.
These are very cute, but are too large for a newborn.
I liked the color but the quality seemed poor and the size M that I usually wear is not right. One may have to buy a size bigger.
Nice tank but didn't love the little logo at the bottom, which wasn't in any of the pictures. I like to wear tanks under other shirts to work and seeing that logo was disappointing. If you're just planning on wearing around the house, then not a big deal.
The dress is made out of two different materials. The top is made more of a jersey knit, while the bottom skirt portion is made out of a thicker material. This made the two parts different shades of black. The only reason I returned mine what because I didn't feel wowed when I wore it, and the material differences. It was very comfortable, but sort of a let down.
Love the bras and the fact that they come with disposable nursing pads but the plastic pieces on the bra straps break very easily and I've had to throw away 3 bras already... very disappointing especially because I thought it was such a great buy and the quantity of bras they provide was amazing but now I see why because after a few weeks you start loosing a bra weekly because they break... you get what you pay for.
Walmart had 2 pairs for the same price
I liked the back it was so sexy and showed just the right amount of skin, but the front was not very flattering and I was not sure where it was supposed to lay. I tried cold shoulder, all the way on, and it just did not look right on me! I wish it did bc otherwise it was so CUTE!
This is such a cute outfit. The material is super soft and actually so comfy. If you have a big butt or wide hips this skirt is going to be really short on you, and I'd made for small chest.
I had bought several of these cargo pants nearly a year ago -- quality had been above average and fit was quite good. Something has now changed ---- even though label indicates "relaxed" fit, they are now a bit on the tight side in the thighs, and pants now "hang" a bit below the waist area instead of at the natural waist area. Also, material used is now thinner than it used to be. While still satisfactory, quality seems to have slipped.
Ordered a black shirt large & got a grey shirt medium. Do you guys check the order before shipping out?
They are ok. They do what I need them to do.
Way bigger than it seemed in these pictures
I bought a medium its a little big across the shoulders but it works
I got the white and blue patterned sarong and enjoyed the look, but strings began to come off soon after wearing a couple times.
These bras appear to be a good quality. However, I couldn't even try them on. I ordered. 36, they said they were a 36, but measured 26! There wasn't enough stretch to even get them to a 30. Truly disappointing. I ordered a different brand.
These socks show a little bit they are not true no show socks
I received the tie in good timing. However, the floral print was not laid out nicely on the tie. The material was cut so that there are a lot of large flowers near the bottom 6 inches, but then barely any flowers on the 6 inches above that. The material is nice, and the packaging was cute, but I wish they would have been more aesthetic with the material placement. The tie I received does not look nice like others' pictures, so I think it was just the one I got. I was hoping to give the tie as a gift, but I think it may not look as nice when worn as I had hoped. I mentioned an exchange with the company, and they were not interested in working with me.
Warm and well insulated however the tip of the finer began to unravel and they both got holes in them. I love the style but not strong enough for the three day weekend I had the for.
It does work, and there's a lot of give, as it's elastic. It's hard to loop through belt loops though.
Altered it but we like it
Ended up being slightly sheer in curvy places. I can wear as a slip or with foundations but on its own it would not work.
The color is not bright lemon yellow like the picture indicates. It is more like the color of the stars on the amazon website. Other than that, it is a decent wallet.
Sizes ran quite a lot small.
Soft fabric, fits right, comfortable, but shrieked a little when washed. Not too bad though.
I give it 4 stars cause the dress is pretty but it doesn't fit at the bottom if u have legs and booty this dress will not fit u at the bottom 🤦‍♀️
Sleeves are much shorter than pictured. Soft fabric.
A little tight but looks good
The material seems strong, but they ripped on the seam after one week of wear (not because they were too small).
Weirdly wide in hips and butt. Had to take them in an inch on the sides. And the zipper is not in the center of the pants. It's offset to one side
The neck line is large. It doesn't match the actual size of the gown and there was a small stain. If the neck line was made smaller and there wasn't that smaller stain I'd be very pleased.
Fits a little small across the breast. Material is also very thin.
I ordered a xl so it wouldn't be too short. I wear a size 12 in women, 170lbs. The back of it seems as if it's sewn improperly. It keeps flipping up like the elastic is twisted somehow. The color is beautiful. I haven't worn it yet bc of the back elastic.
The costume was nice quality and looked like the picture. However I am returning it because it is way too short! I'm 5'3 and purchased a size large. It came to right under my butt, literally!
Beware that these are see through. Your child either needs to wear white underwear or wear under a long shirt/dress. The fabric is so-so, not very cozy just very stretchy.
cancelled wasn't coming in fast enough
Very comfortable, but the material is very thin and tears easily -- ok for casual wear but will not hold up to working conditions around the farm.
This gown was such a disappointment! Contrary to what other reviewers have written it IS ITCHY. The entire bodice region especially around the rib cage is irritating. In addition, not that I care about this but to throw my ten cents in it is very transparent (in Ivory). Had to return it which basically ruined my day! It may soften up in the wash but did not want to take the chance for the amount of money it cost. As I said, a disappointment.
These goggles worked fine for my children (11 & 9 yrs old) and myself but it was too small for my husband. He has a fuller head/face.
These boot cuffs are fine quality wise, but I was very, very disappointed in the color. I have matching mittens, hat, and scarf; they matched the color of all of the pictures posted. When they arrived, they were extremely dark maroon, not the vibrant dark red, as pictured.
to soon to tell about how it works
I really liked the tactical style of these pants, and the price was great, but they looked like oompa loompa pants on me - they cut too big in the thighs and legs. I ended up going with the 5.11 Striker pant which has a much better, slimmer, look.
The last one I purchased the buckle only lasted 1 year. We shall see how long this one lasts. Bought the whole set since it was the same price as the buckle only.
Didn't fit me sadly. This is so not a XL
I normally wear a medium or large. I ordered an XL. Beautiful shirt but very tight in chest! I am a 36D and it fit good everywhere but in the chest. Also it's not as long as in the picture. Didn't cover my butt. I am 5'3 and around 140 lbs.
The socks are great they come in a variety of colors. I ordered the pack sized 13-15 but sadly I only received 9 pairs of socks that were 13-15 they snuck a set of 3 10-13 sized socks in there which I am disappointed because they are too small for me and also not what I ordered. The package was delivered on time and In good condition.
I had to buy an xlarge because of the measurements but it was too wide and not long enough. The material was stiff. Meh. I wouldn't buy again.
I bought this for the dress. The accessories such as the headband and arm fins are terrible because they are cheap quality. Other than that, it fits as expected.
Works great if you are small and want a hoodie that's warm, soft and cozy. However, the neck is very tight and the length is rather short. I ordered a XL for my boyfriend and tried it on as a test (that size fits him well and is usually too large for me) but this one barely fits even me. I can only imagine how small it would be on him, that is if he could even get it over his head. I think this hoodie is probably better suited for a woman than a man. The style looks okay, not bad but not amazing. It's still relatively loose around the torso so it doesn't look tight, it just feels tight. I would have taken a picture but I already sealed the return package. If you like oversized hoodies, order 1-2 sizes up.
So. I was fed up with Timex watches. I have been wearing them for 10 years, and lately they seem to break every year. I was ready to try something new! This sleek looking "UNISEX" digital watch with a 2 year warranty seemed like the perfect replacement. I am a 5'5" and 130lb female with a smaller wrist, but can wear my husband's mens Timex without issue, so I figured a unisex watch was not a problem. I was wrong. Please be advised, this watch is entirely too big for a female. Though the band technically "fit" because its adjustable, the watch itself is just too big (meant for a big wrist). Bummed, because I was really excited about this watch. Had to return:(
I purchased two lavender ties for my wedding and am happy with the quality of the ties but the color is not as pictured. The ties have a pinkish hue and are more of a lilac color and not true lavender. They are a pretty color but I will probably be returning them since they do not match the other lavender colors in my lavender wedding scheme. If not for the color issue, I would give these ties five stars.
Not the best boxers. The material feels rough to the touch like fine sand paper. The wrong colors were sent.
I like the style of the shirts; however, I wouldn't of bought them if I had realized how very thin they are. The material is soft and the shirts are comfortable, but now I'm looking for ways to cover them up which wasn't what I was looking for.
it is a cool costume, the cinch around the waist is not very air tight and the fan is in an awkward place to maximize air flow. Head sagged down for the most part.
Well, it's an Office shirt so obviously, I love it. It fits just as expected but I don't really care for the material. It feels a little itchy, kinda like the shirts you see at Walmart for $5. I don't wear it much just bc I have shirts that are far more comfortable. Probably wouldn't buy again unless they use a different material.
These were ok, a little bit thinner than I'd like for my socks to be but a good price.
Not as adjustable as other hats and no safety break away as part of chin strap
I really wanted to love this dress! But, the red stripes are borderline pink and see thru. The fit is loose and cute. I'm 5'5” and about 160 and I ordered an XL and I'm nursing and a size 44DD in the chest. Fits good in the chest but a lil too loose in the waist. I am not sure if I will be keeping it?
It's nice not as thick as I would like but not bad I feel that this is something good belt for most people but It wasn't up to my expectations and never got my key fob
What real small for head
Beautiful Shaw I wanted to keep but I need something a little warmer for November weather. Outdoor wedding in Las Vegas.
Decent material that doesn't wrinkle too much, but the blazers lapels are completely crooked, so it is clear that the product that is being put out is mediocre at best. The sizes definitely run small.
They were good except the strap broke within the first hour of wearing
The gloves are well made for a pair whose outer wool can snag on anything pointed or sharp. Also wool is a good insulator but with the open weave on these gloves you'll be glad there is an inner liner. The price is upper limits for the value and quality--so buyer be ware.
Wasn't as thick as described
The colors are vibrant but they are a lot shorter then expected. Washed them in cold water, hung to dry, and still child like. Got the xl. Would not purchase again.
Cute top but runs very large.
Difficult to open. Coins hang up inside pouch when trying to empty. I should have ordered one with a magnetic closure.
The neck is a little small, so pulling it over my head is a little difficult. Also the seam on one side of the bottom elastic band ripped after 2 wears. Overall though decent for the price.
It wasn't curly but it fit in think I have to try it on Its okay buy too expensive Next time get another one for expensive price
I read the reviews on this and saw a lot of people complaining of a smell. I bought it anyways hoping for the best. I bought a black and a white tutu. The black one was fine with no odor, but the white one smelled like dead fish. I tried spraying it with febreeze and letting it air out, but that didn't work. I ended up filling my bathtub with warm/hot water and laundry soap. I hand washed it. Rinsing took a little while, but it wasn't too difficult because there is no cloth for the soap to soak in to. I left it hanging in my tub overnight to dry. It still has a faint smell of fish, but it is not over whelming. I am going to try to wash it again tonight. Overall the quality and the way it looks it great, it is just a pain to get the smell out!
It runs very small, but it is cute, just order next size up
Well, it is waterproof. However, it had some issues that made me think it isn't worth $40. Firstly, the left pocket flap was sewn into the jacket seam somehow. It's like when they were sewing the underarm seam the pocket flap got in the way and was sewn down by accident. Also, I couldn't get the zipper to completely unzip. I had to step into the jacket rather than putting it on normally because the zipper wouldn't come undone at the bottom. On top of that, it didn't fit super well in the arms and looked kinda baggy/awkward on me. In my opinion, it wasn't worth the money.
These are white, linen handkerchiefs that serve their purpose. Just know they are not that large.
Go smaller than you think. I am a true medium and it was too baggy.
It was too small for what I needed. I expected it to be taller. I like that it had a lot of compartments but it disappears in my large purse, defeating the purpose of trying to make things easier to find.
They were smaller than expected and I thought the denim would be a little heavier.
I'm 5'2 and 115 lbs (petite frame). I will definitely need to wear a tank underneath as it's low cut and wide in the armpit area. Not sure I's buy again.
They are nice enough to where you can't see your panties through them, but they are very tight around the waist. I like how soft they are but snagged very easily which was a down side as well as one ripped a bit when putting on when first received. In all I guess it's worth the price considering it was a set of 3 but for me, I would say it's a one and done.
I buy dozens of these and I feel the last pair I bought were different material and the tag has moved to where it's uncomfortable.
I ordered this for my daughter senior pictures being taken now for class of 2020 and it came with a 2019 charm. I contacted seller and they were more or less sorry about your luck we don't have 2020 charms...so be careful when ordering . I'll have to purchase it somewhere and hope I get it in time.
I like them there sexy
They fit really nicely but I bought these for my pinning ceremony and they're see through!! I've bought the black ones and they're great.
Cute but the bead smell like cheap platic
This shirt fits like one 2 sizes smaller, but it looks just like the picture.
I really liked these at first. But the snaps have come apart. The padding shifts in the bras. And they don't offer much support. The price is great but the quality isn't.
Purchased the Doctor's Choice low compression socks because they were lighter weight and not so hot for summer. Mu only complaint is that the cuff is tight and bites into the calf. Seems like all sock mfgr's don't realize how tight they make the cuff. Fabric is light and breathes well. Maybe ordering next size up will correct the problem.
My husband says they are kind of loose and don't stay up as advertised. Was hoping for a gentle fit, but not loose.
This product is not what I expected. The picture shows the brand name printed on the upper heel side of the sock. Neither the socks or the package indicate that I received what I ordered. They came in a ziplock bag with a barcode?? What happened to original packaging?? It appears that at lease one pair had been worn before they shipped to me.
For the price, this cardigan will suffice. It's not made of sweater material, it's more like a weird t shirt. I suspect it might fall apart in the wash but it'll get me at least one wear.
Quality felt a bit poor, good for working on carpentry though. Should have bought a size up.
I love the dress but it is too small.
No Elastic In The Waist
The fit around my chest and stomach is alright even tho for a 5x it's pretty small. I normally wear 3x-4x so it runs a little smaller. The cuffs don't really stretch much to roll them up like most other hoodies but I am also a person who wears hoodies all day everyday so it might not be a problem if you are just wearing it to keep warm. The major issue I have is that it's way too short. The model in the picture has hers going to her hips and mine goes to my belly button and is constantly riding up throughout the day. I understand I'm a plus size girl but for a 5x i would expect it to be linger.
I gave this 3 star because they are not as thick as I would like them to be. You get a lot of socks for your money but quality is not as good because they will wear out quickly and I throw booties with holes away in the trash so bit by bit they will wear out and end up in trash.
Gave me full refund. Amazing!
It's a belt. A nice belt, but just a belt.
Fits well, looks good, hope to enjoy wearing it.
Super cute and comfortable but runs really small
The pants are to small. But other then that is look great
Pretty blouse but runs very small.
These pants are good quality and I love the color but they were slightly larger than I expected for a size 0.
I purchased a few different styles and colors of flapper dresses for a party to try on, and though I liked this dress and thought the color combinations (champagne, dark green) were lovely, some of the finishing touches were off. In particular, the flower design placement on both was awkward (ar least on me, it was right in front of my crotch area, which is just...no), and the zipper bunched up oddly on the green dress. I am 5'9” and can wear a size 8 to 12 for reference (I tried a medium). It would probably look better on a different body type than mine.
The leggings fit nicely and the fabric is very soft however there is a hole in the seam by the crotch that I noticed while trying them on for the first time.
It wasn't too surprised that this dress didn't end up working for me; its often difficult to ensure the perfect fit for most women. I'm 5'1", 140lbs, 36DD, and I ordered a small. It was tighter than I would have liked in the top, but that had more to do with me than the dress. However, the length of the dress did not make it possible for me to size up. Of course it could have been professionally hemmed, but I'm not interested in that investment. The dress was easily 3-4 inches too long for me - and sizing up would have only increased that problem. Heels could have helped - but I was looking for something cute, casual, cheap, with pockets, for a mom who is chasing little boys through the Florida, summer heat. This dress will work for most, but didn't suit my specific needs.
Very comfy but much more low-cut than expected and I ended up having to pin the front. I originally bought this dress for a wedding but it is much less dressy and more of a t-shirt material so I had to order a more formal one. Perfect for casual summer attire but not for a dressy occasion.
If you are fair skinned, get a different color...the pink is pretty but looks too much like skin-colored. Also very clingy material, so if you have ANY lumps or bulges, they SHOW. Otherwise, cute top.
the material is more on the drifit side..liked the design and the fit of the shirt. but the fabric threw me off a little.
zipper was weak though
These are very light weight sweatpants ! Very flimsy, somewhat big ! If I had seen these in the store I would not have bought them. They are soft and comfortable , I will keep them and wear around the house. I can buy better sweats at Walmart !!!
LOVED these Jean's when I first got them. Fit just like the picture. A little loose, and super comfy. They shrunk at least one size when I washed/dried them for the first time, though. Will be purchasing these in a size up and washing them to get the effect from before back.
Light weight like I wanted,but the zipper is hard to use and kinda shoddy sewing.But it's ok.
We could really only use the smallest bag for what we needed it for, but I like that there is a pocket inside the pouch.
Nice jacket, but sizes are small. Returned.
I like this style bra, I now wear a 42c and the 42 part is a bit tight. I thought the 44 would fit better, and, it did; but the c part was huge. Don't understand. Had to send back.
Nice and comfortable.
The caps are large for a newborn (compared it with Gerber newborn caps which were smaller). The designs are as advertised and colors are that vibrant as well. The cloth is just not as soft as I would want them to be but the designs are really cute.
I used it for flapper party. It did the job, but I don't see wearing it out or on a daily basis.
The fit is not the best! It was a little to small couldn't get the side zipper all the way up.
I'm sure it's great but I would have to be 3X bigger to wear it. Pay attention to the length listed. Expect it to be on the longer end of the spectrum.
it was to small but was taken back no questions
Very tight on the calfskin if you are a big guy
Had to take the slip off under the costume because it was too stiff
Fall apart pretty fast and are as my daughter explained very itchy bras.
Dislike having to request permission to return. Just a bad policy.
Loved the comfort, sent back because of hole in one of the pairs.
I was expecting something far better then what I got. It is ok quality, not outstanding like the description makes it sound. Any $30 retail leather belt is of the same quality.
Cute, nice material, can't see through, but the waist is too big-wider than the hips
It is comfortable but the cups are not structured and are to big. I bought one size to big on the band size which I take responsibility for but I wear a B cup I should have bought am A cup with this.
The item was purchased a few months ago in anticipation of wearing on a summer trip to a location with very warm temperatures. It lived up to my expectations for style, fit, and comfort. The fabric is of nice quality, but the construction is less than I expected. After one wearing and one careful laundering, there is fraying at the point of its most prominent and interesting detail ~ see photo. I've passed the window for returning it so I'll find some way to modify the neckline, I guess. It's otherwise a nice shirt.
To small!! If you wear XL clothing this even the xx-xxx will not fit comfortably.
Very small but still worked nicely on a smaller wall in my room.
ran a little small in the chest. such a cute top.
this product works well for my daughter for pageants and modeling. I don't have to worry about it being the wrong color, no straps and it doesn't show through the clothes. stays put very well. I should have gotten a bigger size for me but fits my daughter well. I suggest getting a size bigger than what you wear.
Fun dress but it's a thick polyester-like material that does not breath.
One leg has the material sewn so it twists at the seam.
These fit somewhat small, and don't truly provide the warmth you're looking for. Furthermore, they shrank a lot after they were washed. Not sure if I would recommend buying this again.
The pants are nice but the outfit together isn't that flattering. The pants were capris on my daughter, but it didn't look bad I liked it that way.
Really loved the dress and fit perfectly but my back zipper was broken
I only wash this item by hand in cold water and hang it to dry. The leg straps are starting to seperate .
Not the best fit if you have thick hair. Was a bit smaller than anticipated (and my head is on them smaller side) If there is an option to purchase a larger size I would because it was still a nice hat so I could gift it
Size up it fits smaller than expected.
Plastic eventually rips. Good for one 10-12 standard card stock business card. No credit cards, well i dont suggest it. But its decent
True to size. Not a good overall fit. The shirt is pretty high cut in general and the outer layer you'd expect to line up with your breasts just kind of sits there above the breast rather than creating a fitted figure of any kind. Functional, but I won't be wearing them out of the house.
I had to keep pulling them up so don't know if they were too large or if the elastic wasn't tight enough!!
The quality of the leather
Beautiful design, usable for day to day, however I went to Ny and could not stand the winds! My hand got very cold!
the fabric was a bit more clingy than i like, but overall pretty great!
They are ok. I would have returned but I am lazy. They are see through
This dress just didn't look right on me. I returned it for that reason only, but it's nice and fits snugged. So order accordingly.
Just gonna give it to you straight and simple. 3 Pros: The garment does whats expected. Gives a good shape if you lack in the hips department, very natural appearance. Great confidence booster. Cons: The padding is very soft so they bend a little weird when sitting down sometimes, and if wearing on a regular basis the dent will stay in the garment. HIGHLY recommend you buying the lighter color the black bleeds and will ruin your clothes. If not you will need wear spanx or something over it. Also the leg opening could be a little tighter. A lot of people recommend you buying a larger size for comfort around the butt which means its not as tight sound the leg and sometimes the edge (hem) is visible in certain leggings or pants.
I appreciate the quality and the cap looks just like it did in the pictures. The only thing I'm not completely thrilled with is the shape and stiffness of the front panels. They are reinforced with a very thick and stiff material to make them stand up and away from the head. Most of my other ball caps have more flexible panels that are exactly like the rest of the cap without the stiff reinforcement and therefore can sit flatly and closer to my head so as to appear rounded and match the shape of my head. This cap makes it appear that my head is squared off and that my forehead is longer. I much prefer the rounded and fitted look instead. For the price I am pleased, but I'll probably not wear it often because the stiff panels make it look less casual than caps I normally wear. I'm sure some will like it because of that very reason. It will not wrinkle and looks as if it has been pressed and starched. It just boils down to personal preference.
Used to make halloween tutu. Thought buying this then adding ribbon would make it easier. It didn't. Could be me, could be the tutu. First time trying so not sure which. Tutu was hard to work with as it was super flat. It looked like it would fit on a baby doll when I opened the package.
Comfortable and good fit, but cheaply made.
Didn't like my breast not sitting up more in the bra.
For the price these are ok. They look nice. The fact is though after working a 9 hour day, I'm in pain. I'm not sure why, but the fit seems fine. Maybe it's the material? Feels like I wore a sandpaper strap around my ribcage. My husband opened the package and took all the tags off, so it isn't worth trying to return. :-(
I liked that they do the compression on my legs but they were big for my feet. The heel is close to my ankle so I have to pull it down then they crunch at my toes. I use size 5 1/2 to 6 shoe size so I figured s/m would fit me.
These DO NOT PASS the squat test. They're completely see-through even when I'm just standing up.
Dress was too tight in the body and too tight in the arms. I would order a size up unless, you want it extra tight.
Color was beautiful, it fit well. But on me it looked like a maternity dress and made me look pregnant.
Very light weight and fit is smaller than expected. I wish I had ordered a size larger.
It is slim, which is great. It would be 100% better if it had a strap, though.
Looked so cute but the material was extremely rough and cheap. One time use only.
Nice style and fits well
It looks darker color in personal. I thought it's khaki color, but when im comparing to other is same color which is lattice khaki. Im kind of disappointed at this time.
in the same package about two out of each package do not fit well and are way too small
It only works well if you pull it together with the clasp. I was hoping for a backless bra that would allow my breasts to not have heavy cleavage. They do stick on.
Fits great however after the first wash and hung to dry, the threading at the bottom design came undone!
Hmmmm it's okay but don't like material fit great though held up during wash also
Cute style, very sexy. Don't care for color which is beige. I was expecting light pink.
It's a heavier material, great for when it's colder out. They fit kind on large though and they don't have a tie, so if they are too big then they are just too big.
I received this super fast and was really happy with the seller and ability to return. I only returned this because I was hoping it would be a little more sheer and a little longer. It was shorter than it looks on the model and a heavier fabric, which I felt might be too hot in the summer sun. The white looked a little more off-white to me too.
looked frumpy on me since I'm 5'2'' and gave it to my granddaughter who's a little taller, she seems to like wearing it with leggings.
I liked the fabric of this shirt a lot, it's very soft and comfy but it runs pretty small. I would need to go up 2 sizes to make it work.
Nice coverage, color, but I ordered too small. I ordered a large in rose pink. I'll be returning it.
Yeah, the accompanying trash bag orchestra could be done without. Overall, great for the price and convenience.
I read the reviews before ordering and still had high hopes. The color is nice. I didn't like where the v-neck sits and even in the right size it doesn't look as shapely with the belt as I expected. I tried. If it can work for you I think it would be great with pencil skirts.
I am disappointed that the black fades out. Black is the dominant color in the fabric and the black fades out.
I am 5'7, 124 pounds, flat chested. Small fit well. I took it back because I didn't like how it looked on, but I'll tell you what--the material was good quality, nice and thick. I was surprised. This would look really sexy on someone with more curves and dimension.
the dress feels like quality material. I just don't like that it doesn't fit like my other dresses in the same style. It is too boxy. Has not shape to it.
I ordered a large and they were still too tight.. very disappointed.
Very flattering, but up close the fabric looks pretty cheap and it's kind of stretchy.The buttons are cosmetic and not functional, and the straps aren't adjustable.
Just doesn't close very good if you have much stuff in it. Also, doesn't have a button or flap to keep it closed. Still a cute book and does the job though, no regrets for the price.
Product was smaller fitting . I should have ordered the next size up . But I love the color and how I had the support of a bra in a swimsuit top .
I ordered these for my 1 month old, but they are way to big. Ill keep them for the toddler years instead of returning
This product is not as pictured. It is sort of squarish on the top. Like two horns. I would not recommend this product.
Updated due to fabric fraying. I would advise hand-washing this skirt if you want it to last. I have washed mine about 5 times on the gentle cycle and air dried. The belt is all strings now and the hem of the skirt is now falling apart. It may or may not help to hand wash. I love the colors of this skirt and how light and comfortable it is! It does seem small though. I'm a 14-16 in US ladies size, and it is tight! If it were bigger I would order another probably for backup!
The cheap sailor moon costume on here didn't work so I bought this tutu along with a white corset for my costume. Was a hit, was asked to have picture taken all night long.
It's just okay. Weird fabric, the pattern is only on the outside and the inside is all white. But fit fine.
Very cute but made small. I ordered a size larger than I normally wear and it was tight.
Great length, soft fabric, but not enough coverage in the chest.
Just wish there was a pocket hidden inside the side of the shorts. Product has two front pockets but too shallow for your phone.
I should have heeded the reviews and gotten a medium (I'm 5' 4", 154 lb, short torso). I thought a large would be more comfy and sit closer to my natural waist, but turned out too loose and still sits above my waist at a weird point. The print is so cute, but the cut just makes me look dumpy and thick. I suspect a medium would work better on me. The top is stretchy, the skirt part is stiff cotton with pockets (pockets!!). I'm returning this large size, thinking about whether to re-order in medium - it's potentially very cute if it fits well but am slightly deterred by the need to iron the skirt portion.
The half-sock is a good concept, but they don't stay on when I walk fast with my mule flats shoes.
Very cute design. Wasn't crazy about the material... felt kinda cheapy
Pants were comfortable, but the pockets were very shallow and one was ripped at the seam. I had to sew
Lower quality than other shawl/capes for similar price
Goes well with leggings or jeans, like the relaxed feel, washed it once and it already looks real worn.
Pretty but ran a little small.
next year i'll probably try wool sox. sometimes acrylic is warm enough. though these sox have good thickness they don't warm me. very breathable and comfortable- but i already thru away my old acrylic sox that were warmer, but covered with lint.
It's not as thick as I was expecting but its warm and my daughter loves it
Upper straps on the bottom don't quite fit as pictured.
Very durable, soft and will wear a long time. This one will not wear out for sure! It says to hand wash but I will not heed that because it does have more polyester than cotton so I think I can wash it in cold water in a very gentle cycle and hang dry. (hope so anyway) If it does shrink a little, that would be okay! I did buy it pretty large. We will see! I'm thinking positive!
I'm slightly annoyed because some of them came with the straps broken. But the fit is great.
Was completely see through. Not nearly as nice as the picture.
Super cute little bit on the small side. The only annoying thing was the fake fur shedding
same as the picture but I'm 5'3 and i felt it was bit long on me also quality wasn't as great but not bad. i returned the item because i found something else that fits me best. but over all depends on you body type. I'm bait curvy from the bottom which made it fit bit weirdly one me.
They fit fine, but if your kid walks in just socks like mine, be prepared for EVERYTHING to be stuck in them.
It fits as expected like other have said it runs big. I don't know where the fleece is. Unless they are calling the tin inside fleece. It really is a long hoodie. Will work for me as I'm always warm. But the description and the picture are less than honest.
Constantly rolls down
The sizing is not just right. Said in th listing that it stretches. Well, I don't think that the case. The pants I can't use it cos it keeps falling out of my wasit.
I love these but I have only worn twice and where the tag is sewn in a hole is starting. If they had sewn the label on the seam this wouldn't be a problem. But it is a problem because the tag is stitched of the seam on the back of the pants. So Sorry wanted to love.
Very tight fit. Sleeves were not tapered like the picture either.
Love the design and fabric of the shirt but was disappointed in the size of the shoulders. I ordered an XL and the shoulders were still too small. I usually wear a L. I will have to re-order.
More like a light gray not silver. Fits for her party .
The wig is thick and feels decent but is incredibly shiny for an almost 20$ wig not bad tho :/
waist fits but kind of baggy
Somewhat large fitting in bust area. Colors not the same as picture. Still cute.
Fits more like a XL not a XXL. Too small for me
The t-shirt is very soft, thick and stretches four ways. I like the slits on the side and the length is perfect. Not so fond of the folded sleeves since they don't lay flat. I think the T-shirt is nice but, it does wrinkle very easily. If you don't mind using the iron it is a good buy.
The material and stitching don't seem like they'll hold up to years of daily pocket wear, but time will tell. Otherwise, this wallet is exactly as advertised and performs it's function perfectly fine. No complaints yet. Fits quite comfortably in a standard sized front pocket.
Nice but VERY thin. Not warm enough for me. Had to return
Material is great /its like hyper-elite sock of nike kinda thing. But they send me a defect one. Hole in the heel area ....
The crotch area was awkward it kept riding up which took away the look of the outfit.
This shirt was just all wrong for me. The color seemed more like dull dirty biege. The waist cut did not feel right at all. Would be better straight with a release pleat. Pleated neckline with the petal sleeve was too busy for me. Returned.
Cute but runs small in the bust area.
I was mislead by the actual size
Price and material is a little thin
Seems like a well made wallet so far. Unfortunately they send a wallet that was light tan and not the dark brown in the picture. Not a big deal to me but they should have different options if they make different colors. After opening the packaging I found a sticker that said it had a hidden key compartment. After researching the wallet more it appears mine was made without it.
Fit great. Very comfy. They are a little thin, and you can def see through them... but what can you expect when you purchase a cheaper pair of leggings? These fit high waisted! I had no rips or tears while at the gym today, and they didn't fall down my waist. I'm 5'6 and about 143 lbs., I ordered a M. I am going to wash them in a lingerie bag so my washer doesn't tear them apart. I'm only giving them 3 stars because of the quality.
I had been purchasing 34" x 30" wrangler jeans. I was finding them recently fitting snug around the waist. So I opted for a 35" waist to give me a little extra room. I didn't think the 5% spandex in the jean would make that much difference. I was wrong. Now I find it hard to keep these jeans up. I never wore belts before, but I guess I will have to purchase one now. Otherwise I find these jeans to be quite nice.
We ordered the pink shirt but it was not the color that was on the listing. We needed a baby pink color for a dance performance and it came as more of a dark pink color. The style and fit were great but we had to return it because it was the wrong color.
Very silky material, wrinkles VERY easily. Not for plane rides or anywhere you will be sitting. Needs steamed even after it's dried.
color is very bright! I was expecting it to be slightly darker.
This is well worth the money but really doesn't change your shape as it claims. It's not very firm and it basically just smooths you out without pulling anything in.
The leg taper could be more narrow
Didnt match my skin tone
The fabric was not what I had imagined and is a bit stiff. Cute color though.
Good fit, but material is too thin, almost see through...
This shirt runs very small. The colors are nice, nothing incredibly special but my daughter loves this shirt. I ordered a 4t and it looks like a 2t. I would probably order 2 sizes larger, unless your child is petite. i would recommend but definitely size up !
I love the dress pattern is nice. It's bigger than expected but that's ok my daughter is growing.
I got large and they are too snug for my taste, but in the shirts defense I didn't look at the reviews and just assumed they were far more flowy then they are. The quality appears good though. Hoping if I lose some wight they will fit better.
I like this dress but I don't love it. My biggest complaint are the shoulders look like they have shoulder pads which makes me look like I have man shoulders. Major disappointment! I naturally have broader shoulders so I avoid puffy sleeves and shoulder pads like the plague. I didn't realize these have more of a puffy look in the sleeves. I wear a jean jacket that helps but would have been nice to be able to wear without. The other thing I don't like is the tassel rope isn't removable. If you like the look of the rope dangling down then this won't bother you but for me I ended up not liking it and wished I could just remove it. I'll cut it once I find my sewing kit and remove it without damaging the dress. For now I just tuck it in so it can't be seen. Overall it's a nice pattern and material is comfortable.
Much more peach color than gray. Tight in upper arm.
It's great except for the fact that the metal divet on the top is completely not centered and totally missed the part where all the seems come together.
It's quite small and not very comfortable for a woman with big boobs like mine.... however my boyfriend seems to like how it looks so i wont complain too much
I am tall-er with a very long torso, and this did not cover my stomach the way I expected it too. I thought the casual fit and ordering a size up would combat for that, but it was still too short. I will be returning.
They are ok. Little thicker than regular sock. I work outside 10 hour days and got em for that i still double or triple my socks
I liked the style with easygoing pockets; but the fabric looked cheap and thin, showing undergarments. Also, the fabric was not as bright as pictured on site. i think it would be fine in a sturdier fabric.
no very good product
Ripped at shoulder seams on the first wash. Wondering if I should keep my sewing kit handy each time I wash.
I didn't feel any difference
The bra is great IF you figure out the right size. The cups run SMALL. I am a 38DDD so I ordered a 38E due to reviews. A bit small on the side seam. I ordered a 38F and still small in the cups just a tad. Mostly, the sides. The band was fine. The fabric felt great. Very economically priced. Quick shipping. Can I walk, lounge, bicycle, do yoga, lift weights in this bra? YES, even with the cups being tight. Jog, cardio or anything more strenuous? Probably not. No issues except for figuring out the cup size. I believe they are waaay off in their ideal of "plus size" so I've given it a rating of 3 stars.
They'll last about a year. Hanes isn't the quality it once was. :(
I recommend this if your shoe size is at least 9.5.
The lining makes it too heavy. Love the lace though and the ability to adjust the straps.
the color doesn't match the bright green, this green is more like a avocado green, a little bit disappointed
Nice dress but fits big around cleavage
I was surprised how short these were and I don't have long legs. Fortunately they have the elastic ankle. That are great has capris.
Way too big, I think the size might run big as I have others that size that fit well.
They were a bit smaller than I anticipated and the back of the bra comes up pretty high which I find uncomfortable. The band around the chest is not super stretchy either.
Slightly see through, no collar, does not button all the way. Glad for easy prime returns
Fun colors. Not all bands at the top of the sock fit my husband's calves.
I thought it would be more loose fitting, which is why I got a bigger size, but it was still form fitting. Overall, it's a pretty shirt. Nice and long to wear with leggings.
I have mixed feeling about these. They are really nice and really soft but as soon as I pulled them out of the packaging the crystals started to fall off. I will not be trying them on until the day i need to wear them for fear that more crystals will fall off once they stretch out. Im definitely going to be taking some material glue. *** this will be a one time use item***
Ok this shirt is very true to size but I did order a size bigger because I tie it around my waist. But it is indeed very nice. The only reason why I gave 3 stars is because I received it with a huge hole on the seam on one of the sleeves. No one likes to spend money and get something with a hole in it.”, so hopefully next purchase doesn't have a hole in it.
The material is really soft but they are pretty wide. My baby is long and lean so he will grow out of these (length wise) before the width will fit him
Color & material are great but the sizing is off for my body shape, sadly. I wish they had worked but not made for anyone with a shapely figure.
The front flap is more narrow than expected and will probably be using a tank under just to feel comfortable .
I wish the sleeves were a little longer but not bad for the price.
Thin fabric, feels a little cheap. But it's a good backup.
Price is great. Item soft. Nice colors. The bottom band does not lay flat, it rolls up.
I love the minimalist style of thread wallets but unfortunately this got scratched almost immediately after receiving it from the keys in my purse. I also have a wallet style Tile that fits just a little too snuggly.
I have this 3 stars due to how small it was compared to my current purse (user error). I didn't feel like going through the hassle of returning it age figured I'd at least try it out. I do love the many pockets and it does keep things organized. It's hard to determine whether a medium would work versus the large based on the available pictures.
I'm giving it 3 stars because I ordered this set in another color and loved it. I love this scarf but the beanie is not slouchy like the other set or as advertised. I really wanted the slouchy look. So I can't even wear the beanie. The tag is also dead center on the front, why would I want the tag in the middle of my forehead?
Wearable during early fall weather. Blouse is lightweight and a slightly see through.
My ankles still swelled on my 16 hour flight to Dubai, but it was 16 hours! they were comfortable and kept my feet warm on the plane.
Pretty and flows. For me it hung off my shoulders weird and kept falling off.
Shoulder straps kept falling down. Needed up giving them to my mom.
I would have given this product a higher rating except for one silly thing. The quality is good the price was right and the fit was as expected. The problem? The brand and size tag on the back of the shirt collar has some sort of silver embroidery and is stitched on with what appears to be a plastic thread. Not sure which of these is the main culprit, but I had to cut the tag off and remove the stitching, as it was very irritating and scratchy on the back of my neck. Once the tag was gone, they are fine.
The picture is awesome and it's super soft. Runs small and shipping takes a while. Ordered an XL for my husband who usually wears between a large and XL. This is snug on him. Also, ships from overseas so it will take a while to arrive but that is stated when ordering however it's easy to overlook when ordering several items at once.
It's OK but I feel overpriced.
Cute and inexpensive. The quality is okay, but for the price point, I'm fine with that. Looks cute with white jeans or under a blazer for the office.
Very nice looking for my little red riding hood costume... but it was a rainy night in Seattle and by the end of the outing EVERYTHING I touched was staining pink! Even my fingernails turned pink and stayed that way after washing my hands multiple times. Wash before you wear! Luckily the clothing that I wore underneath had pink stains but did wash clean... I am worried about my friend's white couches I sat on at the party... oops.
I like this product. Thanks
One pair is perfect but somehow the wrong size was ordered for the second pair. I will be returning those.
It's super soft and warm and I would have given 5 stars except the sash to tie the robe closed was missing.
Its okay. It fits like bicycle shorts, and they are not compression or dri wicking material.
First pair fit great as expected, second pair were sized differently, longer length and smaller in size. I ordered them from the same ad, just two different colors. One came in two days, other came in five days. Not sure if they were from the same supplier but I assumed they would come together. That might be why they fit differently.
I love the fit of this shirt and it's true to the provided description. However, I have only worn it once and have since noticed that it is ripped at the neckline near one of the pleats. So, nice but cheaply made.
High quality but I do no consider these ankle cut. They are below ankle.
It is really soft and substantial fabric. It also kept me cool during the hot summer nights but still looked feminine. The neckline is extremely low though and the straps are too long. The bottom of the v hits below the front of my bra so I could never sleep without one. The top part of this definitely runs large. Size down, even if you're busty.
I liked the beads, appeared more feminine than some. Where it clasps your glasses does not hold well. I am constantly retightening.
Wish it would of come in large! I requested large, they sent me small...going to a masquerade party August 4th didn't think I'd have time to exchange! Is there something you can do?
Can't tell if the front is the back or back is the front when wearing. It actually fits better with it reversed from what's in the picture. I bought a small and it's too big.
Top was rather big , I have small boobs
I ordered 2 sizes larger than what I normally wear. Nice color.
I wanted to love this dress. the cut and color was perfect, but the material is weird - almost like a rain jacket. Like I felt like I could wear it in the rain and it would be waterproof. Returning :(
It's a bit frumpy not a bad dress overall just would be nice to fit a bit more countering
This is a cute shirt, but the shirt runs a little large.
Only reason for three stars instead of four. The top isn't made for anyone with larger breasts. I really like the dress but it is quite revealing.
Otherwise fits perfect, very soft but furry which comes off as you touch it. This can cause the baby to sneeze a lot.
I like this shirt but it has a smell to it that washing it doesnt get rid of
Fit fine - do not stay up. I haven't washed or stretched, literally too out of bag and tried on for a bit of walking around the house and within 30 minutes they bunched down. Not sure the elastic will last either. Other than that, colors/patterns and general fabric is nice.
So this is a gorgeous product. Even when I saw it in person. Except I feel like the sizing is a little off. I ordered a medium, and I'm a 34C and it is falling off everywhere. If it were strapless I'd have to return it but the straps help it stay on.
Love the look of jeans, been washed a few time (inside out) and dried on light so far so good...my son loves them....just way to expensive! For that reason not sure if I'd buy more!
runs small. little stretch. cute outfit tho.
Decent socks but socks did not come with non-skid bottom as stated.
Very plain shirt in the front but back is cute, fits very tight. Definitely not loose
Very nice shirts but, two out of the three Flair at the armpit area. If it wasn't a gym shirt I will be more upset about it but forewarning for anybody looking to buy this
Had to send it back.to small.
The idea is great as I have always worn shorts under my dresses/skirts. They are pricey, run small, and would be improved by being 2-3" longer as the people purchasing these items need a bit more coverage to avoid chafing. I would have given them 4 stars if I though I would wear them again.
If you have a large ass get one size larger
Love the shorts but it runs small i got a xtra large should've gone a size up
These socks are amazing ...I love them...can't wait to order more
For an xl it is very short on the torso and legs. I actually had to modify mine by added fabric the the waist. I'm only 6'2 and it took about 4 inches extra
I've enjoyed this belt for 2 years. The buckle style is a little weird but the mechanism has worked flawlessly. I would give it higher rating but the white color turns yellow fairly quickly and the latch that keeps the cut end in the buckle releases too easily resulting in a buckle that falls off the cut end of the belt. I wore this for golf and the fake leather is cracking showing the non-leather insides of the belt. It's a pretty good price so 2 years of use isn't terrible I guess.
Beautiful but small or didn't know how to wear it!
Its cute but runs a little big. Its also a thinner material then a typical sweatshirt
After a short time, the leather starts tearing where the buckle grabs it at the end of the teeth where the buckle grabs the belt. So then you have a 1/4" bit of loose leather and taking the belt off is like untying wet shoes laces that have been double knotted tightly - serious pain. You can trim that piece, and crazy glue it down, but a few weeks later, and it's repair time again.
A little small and not as flowly as expected
A bit snug but good fit overall. I don't love the seam placement but I do like the fit.
Material wasn't very good quality.
Shorts are awkward. The eleastic twist and bunch in the back. Shirt is okay but a little big. It's a wrap so it's easily adjustable with an extra knot. I think I need two different sizes
I am a 5 ft 3 in women with arthritis in my lower back. I purchased these to keep the waist band of my jeans away from my lower back. After only a couple of weeks one of the clasps fell apart. I did not bother contacting or trying to return.
They are tight around the calf. Other than that they meet expectations
I ordered a size medium the design is cute, fabric is soft, but I can already tell this probably won't make it to a second season as it's getting a bit pilly and the wash seems to have affected the material.
Really tight to put in IDs/credit cards. It's pretty bulky because of the Deadpool emblem, but what I got it for lol
I disliked how the straps gather on shoulder and a bit too thick. It felt big but if I went a smaller size cup would be too small. I liked that it helped with posture and keeps back fat tucked. Back shape is flattering Trying to decide or not to return or exchange.
Too tight in the bust and shorter in length and across the chest than expected.
They are really really thick. high-quality Just too heavy for me in the summer
I usually wear a size M, and the size large fit like a regular tank top on me (snugly). For a work out-appropriate loose fit, I would have to go up to size XL, so I do think this runs significantly small. I didn't really like the fabric. Not all polyester is scratchy, but this is.
I was disappointed after I tried this on. There were so many good reviews, but I may have had too high of hopes. I found the dress to be very thin in some parts. I didn't find it flattering. Color was true to size and shipping was quick.
Loved the product, just didn't fit my head. I'm a size in between kid and adult so finding hats for me is HARD! Really wish I could have kept this as it was exactly what I was looking for.
It was a big hit. my son and friends all dressed up as dinosaurs, but my son's costume kept deflating when fan would stop all of the sudden. We put batteries twice still would not stay on.
The quality of the headband and especially the armband is exquisite! It is WAY better than I ever anticipated, however, the reason for the three rating is that the armband just doesn't work as expected. It is springy and coils up so that it wants to all stay together and not spread out on the arm as displayed in the picture. I ended up using it as a bracelet instead. I was disappointed but again, the quality is amazing and it is beautiful so I will keep them, BUT buyer beware that it won't look like you'd expect.
Beautiful bows! They arrived on time. Only complaint is that moment I opened the bag they come in, 2 bows had come apart. Other than that they are cute bows. I wish they would come in a little decorative box for a gift.
It's very comfortable but the straps squeak so much!
The quality of the hat is great and fits perfect. The camo of the hat doesn't match the picture.
Pretty thin, but the fit is nice.
seems nice fit as advertised. havent washed it yet. will update after wash. im not a big fan of tags and this shirt had a lame tag placement at the rear back of the shirt which was held on by a single easily removed thread.
Fit as expected but thin
I really do like how comfortable this is. I like the style. Ankles are a little big. Cute though!
Too small. 2X usually fits. Fabric was OK
dont go a size bigger. ordered a large but should have ordered a medium to get some kind of snugged effect. i really dont like the fabric as it is like a swimwear material .
It wasn't the dress I ordered. I went by the sizing and it still didn't fit. It was okay looking. There was also a lot of loose strings. Returning this dress
I'm 6' 2” at 225lbs and ordered an XL. First of all the shirt is not as long as you think. Nor are the armholes as deep as the picture suggests. The neck opening is a bit tight, to the point I stretched it out physically during my workout because it felt like it was choking me slightly. The cut is good though. I just wish it showed off lats a bit more, was a bit longer and the neck opening was a bit larger. May try an XXL on next order because the fit is flattering despite my gripes.
My granddaughter loved it did not fit well very flimsy small group play out but not a swimsuit
This jacket is way above the hip, just below the waist. It is short. But other than that it fits well and is comfortable. It seems to be well made. This jacket would go well with pants or jeans. It does shed a lot...if you have asthma, allergies or any kind of COPD be careful. Again, it does shed A LOT. I got a XXL, I'm 5'5” and weigh 145 pounds. I usually wear a size 10. The XXL fit me perfectly. Go up 3 sizes and you'll have a perfect fit.
The fabric is nice but the litttle cat is rlly just a fabric sticker that starts to come off after the first wash. I just used Suoer glue to stick it back though and it's fine.
When you first open it, this looks very nice. And, if you like a larger wallet, it is very functional. Wow, the things you could put in here! It comes wrapped very nicely - the presentation for a gift is lovely. So, why three stars? Two reasons. Most importantly, is has a very strong odor. VERY strong. Not sure why or when it would dissipate, but since I a notice it every time I pick it up, I am not going to keep it. Second, the leather is very shiny and looks a bit plasticky - likely how they process the leather. Some people might really like that - it wasn't a look for me.
Large is in fact very large otherwise looks and feels great.
Ran somewhat small. I ordered a medium and am a size 6 normally. I should have ordered a large. Other than that, it's a good buy for the price.
I am not a fan of the flap as its appearance is pretty awkward in my opinion. They're also not as breathable as I had hoped so things get warmer than expected down there. I would not recommend at all for hot weather environments. I'm a big fan of the Saxx brand's modal options.
Great shirt. Just a tad bit large.
The sleeves felt too tight, and I ordered a size up
Great swimsuit! Does not ride up at all. Beware of you do have a larger chest, it does show off quite a bit. Otherwise it is a really cute swimsuit.
It pretty much does the job but it cuts under my arms.
Not quite what I was expecting given the sizing, but with spanx it will do nicely.
Like the socks just wish they were a little bigger
Haven't gotten to use it much but it seems like it's a very well made belt. Only gave 3 stars because I haven't used it much
These fit as expected but they really do not seem to be a quality product as the waist band likes to like to curl and they seem a bit flimsy
I just love these Just my Size pants. However I was disappointed to see that they don't have the Just my Size label inside the waist band as all the other have had. I am disappointed in the seam finish on the inside band too. All the fay ages are exposed. I ordered 2 pairs and the 1st ones had to be sent back because I ordered the short ones and they sent me the regular length. But they did get the new shipment to me right away. Doubt if I will reorder this brand again.
What do I dislike about this product... the neckline. about a shirt that should fit around a mans neck and not seem like a blouse. It is also to long or for a tall person. Not a normal size after washing all five of them so that I can't return them. What I like is that the fabric is soft, but I think that they used the wrong direction in the shirt fabric. Maybe I got a bad batch.
I ordered four of these pants and two of the same pant in the looser fit style. I didn't open all of them right away. By the time I opened the pants in the picture my return window had closed. As you can see the zipper was not properly sewn and the pants cannot be worn without letting in a breeze. I am frustrated because I have bought many of these pants over the years (likely over 50 total) and a few years ago I had a great number of pants that had the zippers fail long before the pants were worn out. I just dealt with it and often did my best to repair the zipper. Sometimes I just sewed the zipper together above the part that failed. Now these are brand new. Grrrrrr!!!
Although they had a waist sizes they had no inseam sizes so they were about the right for my husband however I have not washed them yet I definitely would have ordered a longer inseam if I could have
The dress is beautiful, but the cut is MUCH tighter through the hips than pictured, more of a mermaid than an A-line. Despite using the size chart (which had me order two sizes up from my usual size) in the dress photos when ordering to make sure it would fit, it did not fit at all through the hips. The corset back did nothing to help. Bottom-heavy women beware: this is probably not the right dress for you.
Ordered the size small. According to the size chart it should have been a good fit. The material was good but the cut was extremely small. 5'5, 115 lbs and 32B. The coverage was less than expected and certainly not appropriate.
My grandson loves them. A little big, he will grow into them.
Nice and warm but runs very small as all clothes from China do.
a weak collar. Sorry
The bottoms fit perfect. The top was too loose on the chest and a little to tight at the waist. Was a bit bummed out. It could've been a really cute suit. Also the material used was not as quality as I thought a swimsuit should be. Felt a thin.
The fit was too tight. As a bigger guy these did not work. Though they looked like they were made well.
These fit in the waist and hips, but they're really long. I'm not too short, so I'm not sure how I got this pair.
The shirt is really cute. I didn't know it was ribbed, which is fine. It fit tightly but that's the point of a bodysuit. My only real complaint is that it's missing the snaps in the crotch, and I don't know how to sew so I'll have to figure something out.
It is too large to fit into the type purse I carry.
Theses sock are fine for what they are. I really like the heavy duty People's Socks. .
Too large for a medium. Had to order another pair in small. Great short otherwise.
Very tight around the neck making it difficult to put over your head
Not fit ax i need and also very cheap suit
These are well made and very warm but will probably be way too small for most people. They squeezed my fingers together so much that I couldn't type or write with them on.
They are see through
I do not remember too much at this time. Just that it was too small for me. At this time I can't locate the refund. What account was credited?? Please review and let me know. Thank You Lois Fait
It is just a little too small. I'm an extra large.
The size of these pants run small. Go for a size or two bigger. This, being of cotton material, shrink even further after wash.
Firstly, the packaging they send these in is strange. No branding AT ALL. They are sent to you in a freezer type Ziplock bag that almost makes it seem like someone is packaging this up in their basement before sending it to you and packaging includes a bizzare printout that you can see in my pictures The underwear themselves seem decent quality but run very small. Do yourself a favor and buy a size up if you order these otherwise you will be returning them.
These booties are cute - but that's about it. They do not stay on baby's feet with the two snap options provided and the fleece is thin. I found a similar pair by Luvable Friends for half the price that use thicker fleece and velco to keep booties on.
You pay for what you get; it's decent. It does what you need it to do. At 125lbs and 5'6", the small was a tad smaller than what I expected. It doesn't fit snugly near the breast at all for me, required tugging to get it to look near what the modeled version looked liked.
The top part of the dress doesn't look like the photo. It is more of a “U” neckline than a “V” neckline.
Moron the picture it looks like the hoodie had a Mohawk but it's just a little piece of fur hanging on the front
Got it today and they are very warm. The reason for my 3 stars is I'm asian and it was too big for me also it's very long. It's kinda loose.
Didn't brought the ribbon! And I was using it for a wedding Saturday 😤
I think the hat will work great to protect you from the sun but I can't wear it . It's to big so I'll have to give it away wish there was different sizes
I ordered small and they gave me extra large
Three stars because it is a pretty skirt and comes with shorts underneath, but if you have hips or curves of any kind, it's going to fit weird. For me it bunched up in the back and the shorts underneath couldn't stop the cheeks from making their appearance. I'm 5 feet tall, about 130 lbs and my waist is 27 inches, hips 40 inches and I got a medium. If you've got more narrow hips then this would be a super cute skirt for you.
I ordered a larger than my usual sz and it was still somewhat tight. Very long if you are a shorter person. It's very attractive, but the keyhole back closing doesn't want to lay flat. I wish I had been able to return, but had emergency surgery and missed deadline.
I choose small size, I thought is gonna be perfect but is to large for me I'm 30 weeks pregnant I need this dress for my photo session when I will be 35 , small size right now is like XXL in 5 weeks I don't think I will be that big. Be careful
I ordered the black and it's dedinitely see through! I couldn't wear it as a dress, had to wear it as a cover up!
Not crazy about the material. Very see through
It works as a hat so I guess I got what I paid for, I have a big head so this fit more like a child size cap to me and frequently slides its way off over time, the material is great and the quality is decent so overall if you have a size 7 and below in fitted caps this will fit fine but on larger heads its more of a beanie and definitely wouldn't handle dreads longer then a few inches.
It didnt really hold anything in but it does smooth you out. I dont like how bulky the straps are or the fact that you can see the curved lining on the stomach under form fitting shirts.
Fit good... at first but then stretch out immensely
its was ah ok but kinda cheap made, lettering looked kinda funny
Chain was broke at the latch when I opened the box and bag. I fixed it because it wasn't trashed and just the chain link but was thankful I opened it to check it first
Dislike size is wrong. Would like to exchange it for a medium please.
The product fits but, the zipper is painful against the stomach under your clothes.
They're nice quality panties but they run small. I usually order a small but reading reviews I opted for a medium and when I tried them on... they do feel snug all around. So technically in this brand, I should have ordered a Large. So heads up, order a size bigger if you don't mind it feeling it snug around otherwise order two sizes up.
The pink part covering the top is pretty much see thru with any bra you wear , the material is very cheap and thin.
I like the fit and quality. Very flattering on .
The shirt is as described but i don't like how water leave marks on the shirt. Any drop of liquid leaves a white circle on the material until totally washed
Mediocre fabric quality and comfort, especially compared to other Hanes socks that I've bought. Does not feel very cottony.
The quality is there but I don't like the fit . Seems a little short. The seam cuts across my big toe & is uncomfortable.
The individual links come apart too easily. I started gluing them.
After washing and drying fabric gets very wrinkled. Who wants to iron?
My son loves his admiral costume but the hat is really soft and fake looking!!! Even my 6 year old sees that
A little to long but i had altered it to fit
a very tight shirt considering its Supposed to be bigger ...
My son is 25lbs 2 toddler so he needs a small I got an extra extra small which was way to small. The shirt fits very tight so make sure you measure before purchasing because you may need to go a size up.
I bought this robe for the length since a lot of men's robes are much shorter. It fits well, but it is overpriced. It's light, and I feel like it probably won't hold up well long term. Maybe not even past the first wash. It's worth $25 but not $60.
I like it but I had to give it to a friend because the sizes run too small
Decided it took up too much space in my purse and didn't have enough card slots
Some how, not as easy to get by prescription sunglasses in. However, I wanted one with a Velcro tab, and this was what I found. It is otherwise adequate and I am using it.
I still like the dress and will wear it, but it is a tighter in the waist and is a little short waisted
The brim is way too small, but that's the style I guess. The brim isn't very useful. The hat itself is nice. keeps my ears warm
I bought this specifically for a way to sleep without destroying my curly hair. A satin cap is what i wanted but the satin was on the outside and I had to turn it inside out to get the benefit.
Ended up returning it. Looks much nicer in the picture but would have been perfect for a day/house dress.
Cute socks but not the quality I expected. A little to thin but do the job for the price.
Style was super cute, I'm normally a small or a medium and I purchased a large. However I am 6 foot one and this was a belly shirt on me. Not just pleased with the product, it's just meant for shorter girls.
Fit was great but one leg was over an inch longer than other leg.
Dress fit ok but was see through and not finished well.
My old shoelaces were broken. Not so with the new. They are tie-friendly. Their will-fi is incredible.
Its ok, just order a size or two up
Runs smaller than stated. Very cute though.
The material is thin, more of a beach cover up than anything else.
disappointed in lenght
The item was a silky non stretch material and I was hoping for more of a cotton stretch for the Florida heat. I think the print is beautiful and this would work well for a cover up or a summer tunic. Unfortunately I'm returning it in hopes of finding a cooler more forgiving material.
I love the color but need a different size! Please restock the Mermaid green in size Large, the XL was too big in the shoulders!
For some reason the printed shorts fit much tighter than the solid navy blue shorts that I got in the exact same size. I'm not sure why but I'd definitely suggest sizing up for any of the printed patterns
I was bummed it had a hole in the pocket.. other than that nice jacket
I had bought 2 sets of these about 2 years ago. It was time to replace them and I was so happy Amazon still sold them. However the quality is NOT as good as they used to be. The daisies are smaller and curved sharper so I can't just put them on without some adjusting. Still conceal your nipples very well even under tight clothing without showing.
Is made for a smaller sized XL :(
Lower cut than on the model. Not a great fit
This shirt is a bit lower cut than I expected and a bit shorter than expected , but it is a nice shirt. Wish was a little longer and not as low cut, but oh well. This could be perfect for someone else
Not quite as long as I expected but they work fine and are comfortable.
Pretty and comfortable top, but the fabric is low quality. I bought this to wear postpartum, and, 3 months after I had my baby, it's pilled all over and looks very used. Disappointing.
Great for the price but sizes run small
My daughter wore this crown for our family pictures. It looks great in the pictures but it is very plasticky in real life. It was hurting my daughters head. Luckily the photos only lasted 15 mins so it was wearable for that length of time. It is a great photo prop but I would not recommend for a wedding or somewhere that it would be on the head a long time.
love this blouse. so easy to mix and match to create diffirent outfits for different occasions.
I could barley put this on and the strap ripped a little when I tried, so I never really got to wear it.
Not sure these are true real leather gloves as stated in the ad. I ordered Medium and they seem true to size and they seem warm but the leather feels very thin and I think could easily tear
I liked this suit but it had a few weird things. The top hangs weird in the back (pictured). The bottom of the back under the ties is super super loose and looks funny. The whole suit is lined but the front of the top has extra lining to hold the pads inside, you can see the while line through the top (pictured). The bottoms were great, I actually liked them more than I thought I would. Its definitely a cute suit but didn't fit my body well.
Runs a bit large but otherwise a good product
Description said it was blue in it it's actually purple.
The fabric stretches out easily but it is soft and comfy to wear
Wanted this band but had to return it because it didn't fit through the opening between my watch and pins. The strap was too thick (not too wide).
Its really great and fit well, held it all together...until I started to sweat. And then it was the terror of holding it to my chest all day so my ladies wouldnt show!! I work in an office with men so it was very awkward (if completely hilarious). Basically, I still like them but will only wear them in air conditioned areas from now on.
Very thin. Okay but I have to put something over it or you can see right through it.
I am not impressed with these panties. After one wash and dry they are a bit snug... you are aware you have them on, if you know what I mean. They are thick and do make me think of old granny panties from the 70s.
The ad on Amazon says 100% cotton. The tag in the garment says 100% polyester. I had planned to dye it, so this won't work, plus it is an incorrect description. The bottom lacy part may be cotton, I'm not sure. It looks more like cotton than the upper part.
The material is cheap which is expected for the price. It'd look good if you have small waist. Since I have 2 kids already, this style was little too tie on my waist line. I would return this dress.
I was excited to get these Nursing bras in the mail as I had the same ones with my first child and loved them. However, this time the sizing was completely off, the band around my chest was extremely tight, I'm 5'7” and 150lbs at 31 weeks pregnant and I ordered a medium per the size chart. I'm in a 36b right now in normal bras so thought it would fit. Also, the pads are thick enough to conceal however the leave a weird indent and make it look like you have very odd nipples under your shirt. Sadly disappointed this time around and will be returning.
I do not like the elastic at the waist. Too uncomfortable.
Waited a minute to review these, wanted to wear then for my 12-18 hour shifts first. My findings after a week in: *decent compression *lightweight -to fit calf means foot is too large -worn each pair once, they all have worn a hole in the ball of foot or heel ----- VERY thick inseam, rubs on toes All in all they're acceptable for the $ wouldn't recommend then to anyone working on their feet over 12 hrs a day. .
This product would be great if it had nonslip material on the thighs.
It's good tutu dress but so stinky!! Soon is I open smell like dry fish smell.
Gave as a gift she loved it
The jacket was beautiful but was too small. I had to return it. It was good quality and just what I wanted. I wish it came in larger sizes.
To loose I suggest get a size smaller
Not as cushioned as a similar brand but 1/3 the cost
Ordered this for a Liberty Bell costume for Halloween. As others have said the quality is to be expected with the price, but it would definitely work for one night. My problem was that it was way too big. 5'3" 110 lbs, 32 A/B.
Bought one for my 4 year old. Very cute and fits beautifully with a little room to grow. Unfortunately, the one I bought for my 6 year old was snug, even though she fit within the measurements for that size. I suggest sizing up unless your child is petite (as my 4 year old is).
Works pretty good but they tend to get little balls all over them as you use them. Nobody really sees your socks anyway so it's not a big deal
Looks ok. Very Loose for medium size. Material feels like a mediocre quality and very wrinkly.
Looked better on paper. Did not fit all that well. 3 Stars.
If you like tanks to fit loose and long then order your normal size. I do like the cut, in between a stringer and a normal tank.
Really love this, but the arms are really tight. I read one review that they just cute the arms so that they will fit, and I will probably have to do that. Otherwise, very cute!
Cute but was a little small on my hips which made it seem shorter than I wanted. I used it for a Hogwarts costume and it would have been perfect had it sat lower on my hips
These dresses are a bit inconsistent in fabric and fit. I originally bought a white one with pineapples and flowers, it was a bit to see thru and the length was a bit funky. I then purchased a black one with turquoise flowers, very pretty pattern, but the material is cheap (texture, and weight, hot) and it was a weird length. I also purchased the white with the black and pink stripe. I will be keeping this one, it is a size L. Fit is much better (length is perfect) and the fabric is decent (not to see thru). I am 5' 9, 36C
Fits great. Let the envy begin in the 2018-19 season!
They fit perfect but the push up sponge is thicker than I thought.
It's cute and looks like it's picture, however, it was smaller than I expected, I assumed that it could hold at least a gallon, more like a pint. It also didn't open as expected the nozzle is the opening.
Cute dress but hits above the knees. Not what I was expecting/wanting.
I am a petite so had to make length and bodice alterations. Love overall look and fabric.
Did not really expect much one of buttons fell off but fixed for what I needed
These are not compression but they are a decent top. They are not long and sit just on hips.
I bought a 2XL but the dress was truly a L. Dress was exceptionally made/sewn and looks more than the price. It had no brand tags at all, signaling it was from china. I have no problem with the origin of the dress but sizing must be accurate or close to accurate. I gave the dress away.
Well when I pulled it out of the package I go to put on the top and due to it not sewn on good it ripped from the strap so having to send it back and reorder it so hope next one doesn't happen again if so I won't be ordering it again.
Strings were not in place
I liked the look of this top and it would have been perfect for work. I am 5'5" 140lbs with a bigger chest. I ordered a medium. It was just too tight around my chest and came right to my hips so it was a little short for work. The white was also transparent which I did expect. Cute shirt just too small.
The fabric is nice but the fit is a little snug. They aren't as comfortable as I would like.
In my opinion just another pair of leggings. Nothing wrong with them but nothing out of the ordinary. I returned them.
5'2 and it is an awkward length on me- material is surprising stiff and rough as well.
My wife ordered this, and it looked great! Until she put it on. At that point, she didn't much like how it complimented her. So we returned it. But there was nothing wrong with the quality or craftsmanship of it. Give it a try!
I think the fit is just a bit small. I'm slim/tall, 6' 150lbs, and for me, I like a looser fit than a large offers. The pockets feel a little high, so another inch or two of length would be better. The hood is shallow too. For the price it's not bad. Metal zipper, good stitching, decent material, no issues there.
Extremely tight/small.. See-through. But cute.
I hope this has a smaller size. But overall satisfied with this product. I use it when driving to prevent my hands from getting brown spots.
The glasses ear bars are not level and don't sit level on the ears or nose bridge. OK for portable back-up glasses but not everyday use.
Item looks good but it's sturdy
Need small long waist
This was a well-made wig-loved the braid!But,I am surprised that several people said it could be worn by women as well as children.I have a small head and was unable to make it fit well.It spent most of Halloween perched high upon my head,showing my very brown hair and many bobby pins.It moved every time I did,rendering my Elsa costume quite ridiculous.The wig is cute,however,and would be ideal for a child.
Not a fan of the lace on only the front but the fabric of the shirt is comfortable, I'm 5'7" 135lb and I got a medium and it fits pretty well
This robe is very soft and nice. I love the dark purple/wine color. It is not as thick and warm as others I've had. Kind of a nice middle-weight robe, to me. It did have some static cling to my legs when I tried it on, but I love the softness. I am 5'6" and 120 lbs., so I ordered the XL because I wanted it to be long. The sleeves go to my fingertips, and they won't stay rolled up. One side of the robe folds all around the other side, and the shoulders hang low. If I order a smaller size that would fit my arms and body better, it will be much shorter, and I want a long robe, so I have to return it, unfortunately. UPDATE: I ordered this one size smaller, in a Large. The body fit better, but the color was a different purple, the material did not feel as soft to me, and the arms and length were too short, sadly.
Cute, but sleeves are stiff around sequence and itchy on inside.
It is unlined, which I knew when I ordered. I ordered the white and you should be aware that it is translucent - not the opaque white show in the picture. Also, mine does not have a hood. Previous customer comments led me to believe it would.
I had to hem it but it's not terrible
I bought more colors of this tank but, a size larger than I usually wear.. I don't like things tight.
Sorry wrong item reviewed
Too short waisted for taller people
Love love love the dress just bummed with the quality. Bought the dress based off a recommendation from an amazon fashion partner so thought it must be legit... the sequins were sewn on with fishing line, totally expected but the ends stuck out and snagged on everything! They would get looped on the sequins and my arms would almost get stuck and I had no choice but to break the fishing line in order to move. In the end it worked for what I needed but not sure how many wears I'll actually get out of it before it totally unravels
Socks fit fine. One sock got a hole after the first wear. No other problems and I have worn a few times now.
I was super excited when I got these especially because the description said 'squat proof!' They are so cute, fit like a glove and are super flattering but they are NOT squat proof! :( I'm talking SHEER even when you aren't even doing a full squat. Talk about embarrassing! I am very disappointed because I really like them otherwise.
I was expecting a little heavier material - it was thin and somewhat small for me
The touchscreen finger pads hardly work. But they are a cute design. A little too big for my hands.
Overall fit is fine and jacket is as advertised, but I had to sew up the front right inner pocket sleeve as it was ripped upon arrival.
Comfortable but are always falling down.
These are OK, not great. I have other brands that fit better and are of heavier material. These are a bit sub-par.
The fabric is cheap. When stretched it shows
The dress is so cute. But why bother putting sequins on it if they are all attached by the same long stitch. Of course they lasted only a couple washes.
Thinner jacket than it looks like in picture. Good quality
I hate to give negative reviews but I have to since the quality of the product really matters! I took the measurements and ordered the right size. Got it for my MIL who is supposed to wear it everyday! It just arrived 2 days and has been used only for 2 days!
Dropped them one time and they already broke. They are light weight on your face and I don't feel any pressure on my nose but they keep leaving a very badd red mark on my nose on the bridge.
Top is too small for a 12 year old, pants have the length though
Right fit but leather is thin.
Buy up 2 sizes! Very tight throughout!
The shirt is nice. BUT it's not 100% cotton which is what I was looking for.
This wallet is very stiff and getting the cards into or out of the slots is very difficult. It looks good but the stiffness of it makes it impossible for me to use.
The paint is off, not super realistic
It was too big but nice shirt. Gave it to one of my Hawaii friends instead
Really cute but wish the hip area needs be more tapered
My phone didn't fit well into it unable to close zipper
Not the best looking robes, but they got the job done. Bought for my bridesmaids.
At XXXL, this shirt is not meant to be worn by heavy set people. In fairness though, it is very good quality, but unfortunately too form fitting for me.
Nice material and the length is great but it is not true to size. I recieved an XL and it definitely fits more like a M/L than an XL and therefore is not flowey or loose fitting.
I wanted deeper pockets.
Cheap quality but perfect for one or two uses
Absolutely beautiful- the skirt is a little itchy as I read in other comments. SIZE DOWN though. I only saw one review that said the same. I'd say even 2 sizes.
It has a nice shape in the belly area, but I didn't like how it made the upper part look, and how it pulled on my neck, just not made for a larger bust size.
Pretty selection for the most part. One pair came apart on the first wear though. I can probably fix them as it was a loose thread that pulled the elastic off the cotton.
and it clings way too much.
Not what I expected. Very thin. Good for sneakers but work boots??? We will see.
The fabric is very nice on this shirt. However, it does run small. Order a size larger than what you generally take.
I like the shirt however it runs small. I ordered an extra large to be safe and it's still too tight. I can't button it, I have to wear it open.
Would be great but too warm and some zippers already not working
I was really excited to find such favorable reviews for trouser socks and ordered them. As soon as they arrived, I tried a pair and found them to be quite large. I tried a second pair and they were very baggy. The fabric is very nice and the socks are of good quality. Unfortunately, there too large for me. (I wear a size 7 shoe a d weigh 165. Didn't expect an issue with size.)
The fedora fit well. The suspenders were also a good fit. I never was able to use the bow tie as the clasp broke off before I was able to even put it around his neck for the first time.
For the price, what I expected. It's too short in the torso, if it wasn't it would be perfect. I followed the sizing chart and besides that, it fits perfectly.
It was pretty, but it was also too small. I couldn't find a neck size before ordering, but I thought I'd take a chance. I couldn't even get it all the way around my neck. I gave it to a little girl and it was only a little bit too large for her.
Looks great on but I was disappointed in the length of the skirt. It was a little shorter than I expected. It falls just above my ankles and I wish it was floor length like the model wearing the dress.
Wish the band was a little more comfortable
Metal clips are of no use because the pistol sits too far back to easily reach for un-clasping and re-clasping. The holster part should be more forward and the magazine pouches are not very secure.
Bought this to go with my wedding dress but was too small (I should have listened to the other reviews about the size) it got lost in my dress when I tried it on, I had to order another. Would be perfect as a head piece.
Love the jacket which I will wear under a windbreaker as a layer. Took FOREVER to get here even though I am a Prime customer and it said Prime item. It was shipped UPS SurePost. I need another for someone else but am trying to find another seller.
The product itself is very good but one of the sides was crooked so they were lop-sided when I put them on. I tried straightening them and for the most part they are straight now. It was unfortunate that they were new and in a nice case but still were crooked.
loved it a first but the band stretched out very quickly
It showed 3 days after the original promise date, and the queen sized barely fits me. I'm not that huge. If you're 14 and under they'll fit, if you're a 16 and up find another pair.
Runs a bit small around the chest and arm area. I've washed it a few times and it is starting to show wear already due to the "brushed" fabric. It is nice and soft and I like the look of it, just wished I had ordered a bigger size.
Socks are soft and warm but why won't they stay up, ugh!
The bottoms are what I would expect (I ordered a medium) however, the top IS SO SMALL, I am a 32DDD and most medium/larges work. This top barely covers my nips. I would compare it to a size XS top.
Fabric is a bit cheap
This was a heavier material than I expected. Length was really long. Would look great with leggings, except I dont wear legging. Lace is only in the front.
I am 5'7" and 130# and a medium was too small
super cute and adjustable. now to see if they will hold up and work well in montana.
Good set for the price
This looks just as pictured, very cute design and very spacious. The only problem I had was the straps kept coming off but once I tightened them they're good to go!
The product seems good fabric, but the delivery took so much longer. It didn't fit me well, was too large. But I'll use it to sleep, so it's not that problem.
Very nice, soft leggings in exactly the color I wanted...only 4 stars ‘cause even though the fabric is not see through, it's fairly thin and only good for layering in very cold weather.
It's soft and very comfortable. I didn't read the description well enough to see there is glitter on the shirt and it's a printed graphic not actual lace.
it was fairly comfortable. worth purchase ....
It fits well for post partum belly
The belts are actually a brilliant idea. Not a 5 because the buckle is not as nice as others I've seen.
So cute! Bought a large as a gift for my mother-in-law, and she loved it. Only problem: I ordered a large and it looks like a medium. Hopefully it fits her and doesn't shrink.
looks good with my jeans. very satisfied
Good purchase. My only complaint is that you can't adjust the collar stay very easily as I thought. It takes some time getting used to but all in all good purchase. I like how the item can fit all the collar stay sizes.
Nice pants but, way to be big!!
I really liked the look of these denim looking blue jean leggings. They are very comfortable too. The only suggestion is put a little tummy control at the top. Even without the tummy control of other leggings I have, I ordered a pair of these leggings in black and they are just as nice.
I love this bathing suit! Only issue is that the bottoms are somewhat sheer out of the water, but otherwise I like this!
Love the shirt! My only complaint is that I wish the arms were a bit longer. I should mention that have very long arms and this is my usual complaint.
Just got my joggers, style is great and fit. I can work out in them and style around in them as wearing them as casual wear. As someone who works out comfort and style is a must, not to mention a good price point. I just found my perfect athletic wear from top to bottom. I plan on getting the matching jacket next. I highly recommend their wears to any guy (thumbs up!).
Super cute dress! I absolutely loved it, fit as it should. My only complaint is the material, it's a fuzzy spandex body suit, it's a hot box! If you're body temperature is higher in your pregnancy, purchase at your own risk. I'm not generally a warm person and I sweat through this dress in an hour.
I purchased them for my husband because he was complaining of heel pain when exercises and want not too tight socks around the ankle. They came earlier than what they state. They are made of nice material that make soft compression on on your heels and not too tight. They mentioned it should be hand wash but I washed them many many time in gentle cycle and yep they still doing the same work. I just wish if they could make it with other different colors to match out fit. I made another purchase but for me this time. I like to wear them when I work at home as well at the park when I go to play with my kids
Fits as expected, but rides up sometimes which is annoying. Fabric quality as expected.
Cute suit! Love the ruffle and when it goes up while swimming you still have coverage from the high waisted bottom. Ordered a second one in a different color combo
these are really soft and comfortable but I think they run a little big
Husband loves them they are very nice and sturdy
This is a cute swimsuit, but the top offers deceptively little coverage and tends to slip down when I'm moving around. Luckily, you can tighten the straps, so that does help a bit with that problem. Still, I would not recommend this swimsuit for anything who wears larger than a C cup.
Absolutely love this set!! Super pretty without being overdone, only wish the bra straps were adjustable! I'm 5'5” and 130 lbs for reference
These were very adorable and though the one for the older kids was kind of small in length, it still made her dress pop!!
Both for myself as a gift. Can't beat the price
Really cute! Ordered it for a toddler, fit perfect. Does come folded so takes a while to flatten.
I was looking for something to keep me warm and soft, lately I have anxiety thinking of going to ross/marshalls/tjmaxx to go through all the racks and try to find a hoodie or etc. and try them all in dressing rooms only to find out it is too big or small! Anyways thats why I ordered this from amazon, the thing is I really liked it but I wish it was a bit thick and keeps you more warm but overall I liked it. I am gonna wear in the house and maybe while sleeping now in LA it is getting cold at nights. But if you are looking for something to wear outdoors and keep you warm this is not the product for you,and pockets have a weird fabric inside like polyester which I do not like. And hand wash only which is a problem for me we will see how it goes 😀
Fits and looks nice . Many color choices . No advertising on hat , comfortable sizing strap .
Not as loose fitting as I was suspecting.
This is made out of quality material. The Velcro is strong and the brace forces your shoulders back without pinching or discomfort. It is a smaller brace though and not one size fits all. It fits a child or someone with a small build the best. My 12 year old brother is using it and it fits well.
Love my new jeans... definatly found my new place ! They fit great!
The arms on these are shorter than any other readers I have bought. Seem to be sized more for women than men. They look good, but don't fit that well for a man.
They are cute, but the fit is just okay. Keep slipping off the back of my heel.
Super soft and a great fit.
Loved this dress! Very comfy and fits great! Material is a little thin but not see through. I bought a large, in the navy blue.
Great design. Comfy fabric
Wearing it for the first time and there are some things I like and some things I don't. I ordered my regular bra size. The next size up might be too big, not sure. I like the fact that there is enough closure on the side that skin does not bulge out but if I had a say in the design I would add more coverage in front. It is low and it tends to push your breast toward the center which causes a bulge. I like the back support and I think it will be more comfortable after I get used to it. Will wear for a week before deciding if I will keep it. Update: after wearing it for a few days I have concluded this bra is great for small busted women....however, full figure women might find the front coverage not adequate. I moved all the adjustments as wide as they went and the bra is comfortable enough to most likely keep. Will wear a week before deciding.
Ordered the t-shirt because i liked the style. I liked that it looked to run past the hips. I received in the mail and ordered XL and the shirt barely passes my bellybutton. I am tall and figured an XL would run pass my hips, but it didn't.
So, in terms of sizing, I would say if you want it to fit as your regular size- most likely size up. I was worried based on the model sizing pics and went up 2 sizes, from a M to an XL and it fits but is definitely long on me and a little baggy but I guess thats good since I'm 15 weeks pregnant and have room to grow into it but if you want it to fit like your regular size, only go up 1 size if even that.
It fits tight and make sure you wash it by hand and don't put it in the dryer
These help me with toe alignment blisters
They are a gift, so I don't know if they will wash well.
I have had the elastic version of this belt for some time now in a navy color and really like it except for the fact that being elastic when I unbuckle it, it will pop out of my belt loops so decided to try the clear plastic one. I find the elastic type to be more comfortable than the clear plastic but works well also and does not pop out of my belt loops.
This is a beautiful and well made wallet EXCEPT that the snap closure does not allow ant “give” when the wallet is filled. Snapping it closed is difficult. If that problem is corrected it would be perfect!
Great addition to the Halloween costume
The ONLY reason I didn't give this 5 stars is bcuz of the sting. It was kind of pointless since it didn't really tighten the fit and then fell out first wash. But the fit itself is spot on! They're extremely soft && cute. Prob my favorite comfy pants now !
I have huge boobs so it hard to find anything that will fit right and I jean completely right. I how ever love the way it fits
Very nice jeans. a little big in the waist but wearable.
This is a good product for the price tag. However not a great quality material. However why to complain, it's great for the price tag
I bought this to wear under an open topcoat. The material is thicker than other maxi dresses which is great in that it's less see though. However, the stretchy material hangs in a way that will accentuate any flaw you may not want showing. I wanted a loose fit and it is. The only thing I don't like is the bottom! It tappers in and makes it hard to walk a full stride. Feels restrictive. Looks pretty while standing still. And I'm only 5'2 and a Small is pretty long. I'll need to take about 5” off so maybe that will help me get a better stride! Ha! Lovely dress though.
Great product. My daughter loves Lara Croft and tomb raider. Solid materials and looks pretty good for a necklace of this price. Well done!
Snug fitting since there is no zipper. Makes getting on and off trickier
I am always freezing since losing weight after gastric sleeve, and ask my other sweaters have gotten too big, so i needed a new one. This sweater definitely achieves warmth, haha! My only issue is that the hand holds don't have much stretch. These sweater fits add expected, but it does make it difficult to pull up my sleeves in the case of getting to warm. Overall, though, I love the softness & fit of the sweater & would recommend.
I purchased a small and seemed closer to the size of a medium. Otherwise very nice shirt with soft material.
Love!!! So soft and so so cute!! It fits jus as expected!! Very soft material. Love
Adorable dress. Sizing is a bit off. My daughter normally wears a 6, but an 8 in the dress fits
It's a cute top, the type of fabric makes it kinda clingy. I ordered an XL. That took care of it. Very cute.
Sized up based on others reviews. Fit as expected, wished to leg opening were slightly wider at bottom, same width all the way. Just preference I don't like feeling like my shorts are clinging. Also the French terry is much heavier weight than anticipated and would be to warm for summer
Arrived on time. Same great quality one expects for Write Socks.
Buy one size up because it shrinks in the wash but other than that it does the job
The socks are a good gift for people who like Harry Potter.
Stitching that connects band to bralette fabric I does not stretch, which does not make it the most comfortable, but still a great bra.
Great dress. Comfy, fit well & looked great in my daughter!
buttons fell off during the first wear of this romper
Very cute dress for the price.
Cute cap really like it. Fits my 4 month old well. Label stained the cap on first wash. I always wash my baby wearable products before use. So remove the brown label before you wash.
Perfect for her costume. Great for the price
Bought for husband and brother they both like them for work and hunting.
This top is soo cute! I wore it on a date to a bar and I was getting multiple compliments about the top from the women there. I am a big girl and it made me feel beautiful. I will definitely buy another one.
I love the material of the cloth...just not the thread used for stitching. I have one specific area that pokes and itches me so badly and I have tried to cut it down but I can't get enough of the thread therefore this bra is useless to me.
Getting used to them.
It's okay for what it is. It's not very heavy but gets tangled easily. I do recommend it for a costume.
These worked out great
The print looks a little cheap but I got this shirt for a one-time thing. My biggest complaint was the smell. Straight out of the packaging it smelled like straight vinegar. Had to wash a couple times for the smell to fully go away.
Good heavy jacket. However, the bottom elastic band is very loose. Not very form fitting.
Fits okay but does get uncomfortable after wearing all day.
This definitely runs small. When ordering your size, be sure to go off your waist size (inches) and not the descriptions of S, M, L, etc...
Great to find a christian themed shirt. I was a bit skeptical about buying online and this one turned out to be a bit smaller than expected. Ordered two others and those were Gildan which fit a bit better. I will buy from this seller again!
I ordered these for my husband. We ordered based on the sizing chart and they were too big. He needed them right away so we ended up returning. We would order again but would go with his normal size. Usually he wears and XL but the size chart recommended 2XL.
Everybody loved this hat, random strangers coming up asking you buy it
I managed to get this overnighted for a date night! I was really worried if it would fit or not. The dress got here just in time and overall it was beautiful! The dress does need to be steamed and the material is a little strange feeling but not uncomfortable. I got the small even though the chart said I needed a medium. Super glad I got the small because the medium would have been too big. I'm 5ft 3 and 125 lbs. I don't know how long the dress will last as the zipper is a little fragil but other than that it's awesome. When my boyfriend of 2 years came to the door to pick me up, his jaw kinda dropped to floor and he was speechless lol. Score! The dress is conservative yet super sexy in a classic way! Success for $25 bucks! The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of the sizing chart inaccuracies.
These appear to fit a bit smaller.
This is pretty but it is very thin. It would be perfect for a summer evening with a chill in the air but if you want it to keep you warm in the winter? Well it won't.
I love the glasses. but I got no case. and after 5 broken English emails I am not sure if they are replacing it or not. We will have wait. the glasses are all metal framed and are just great. Not to dark that you come inside and run into things. they just make everything really nice. I just had eye surgery and needed some glasses. now I do. And with free returns you cant go wrong test driving them. I tried the blue ones too but didn't care for them.
Super comfy, large pockets. Just make sure to wash according to directions before wearing or the black might transfer.
Thicker fabric than another set I ordered from Amazon.
The fabric is light & cool, it seems well-made, and fits almost perfectly. The docked ⭐️ is for two reasons: I can't imagine this as one-size-fits-all (it's almost too short, and I'm not a tall person so my arms aren't very long); and the black one bled dye on everything it touched after *three* thorough washings. 🤞 for the fourth try.
I bought another ecko shirt a week earlier and it's the same size of 2x, but this one was way larger. I'm not sure why, but it's longer and just overall more loose. I'm still going to wear it though, so it's not that bad, but if I had to redo it then I would've got an xl instead of 2x. Like I said, the other one was 2x was perfect. Design is really cool and it's just like it's pictured.
Comfortable, higher waist to keep my booty in check. They're very long though, I'm 5'7” and I need to cuff them. The only thing I don't like is that the seams are quite prominent and can be scratchy. After a couple washes it was fine though.
Comfortable and thick material in a good way.
Detail for the mask was great. Used it as a costume for my son (pre teen) and it was a little big, but it states it's for an adult. Reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the strong rubber smell. I washed it with soap 3 time, made a baking soda paste and used that 3 times. Finally I made a baking soda paste with essential oils and that made it to where the smell was tolerable
The rest of the accessories are nice but the hat is small.
It's beautiful but way too long for a person my height
The Devil horns were great for my Halloween project. Just beware there is no adhesive you will have to figure out what you want to use. For this I used a clear Elmers glue.
Super cute! Well made and very soft. A lot larger than most other newborn clothes though, going to have to pick out another outfit for hospital.
I love, love, love this jacket. I ordered a large it fit but I wanted room to wear a sweater so exchanged for an x-large. I gave 4 stars because the 1st one the large was missing a button, however the exchange was so easy and the x-large is perfect for me.
I am size 6. I ordered it Large. And it doesn't fit. The large it is as a sizes 2. Is a beautiful skirt and great quality. But doesn't fit at all I returned it and I got xL, is a little big I need safety pin. But quility is perfect.
Meet my needs and work great. They fit perfectly on my glasses and what I like most is that you can't see the cord hanging from the side of you face because they shorter than most sun glass holder cords. You can pick the size which makes for a perfect fit!
I didn't expect them to fit as comfortable as they do, they fit around leg and thigh area with less pain and I have a low belly muffin....C section scaring and they are comfortably soft and don't rub scar tissue red.... the fabric washes great and they have kept their shape and waist elastic really well......I even waited 2 weeks and bought the product again.....My body can breathe in east coast summer humidity which is great!
Fits well, quality fabric
Great jacket, runs small. Going to reorder in next size up because I actually LIKE the jacket. Wish the size chart was more accurate.
I wore these under an off shoulder dress. The worked perfectly for that. Only reason I gave a 4 is because they irritated my skin. Other than that I recommend them.
I am 5'9” 150 lbs. It is a stretchy jersey like material. A little tight up top, but not an issue for me- i'm not busty. But the 4 stars is because the dress is shorter in the back than in the front. Other than that, I love the green color and it will look great with a sweater and/or scarf for winter :)
I love this T-shirt !! I collect them of places I have traveled to. The shirt is very nice, not a heavy Cotton like I'm used to. I purchased a 2xl according to the measurement grid they provide. It fit, bit had to do a little pulling and stretching. Size up if you like your tees to be a little looser. I kept mine and just love it.
I am a pocket lover of dresses and skirts and this fits the bill, the only thing is it is cut in the front in a way that is shows some of my racerback bra.
Very stretchy. Falls to knee and I got a small and I'm 5'8". Needs wrinkle releaser or a warm iron after washing/drying.Zipper seems a bit weak and will prob go before I'm ready to part with this cute skirt.
Fit is very good, it's comfortable, and looks good on my 65 year old fat bellied body
Make sure you order one size up. It's a snug (good) fit. The fake fur collar was awful. Matted and not classy looking at all. The coat looks much better without it. Overall, a great buy.
but can see threw it and its flat not circled shaped i just put stretch shorts under neath that matched her shirt solid color
Got this to add to a costume for a fun run. Fit a little on the bulky side but served it's purpose.
I think it's the fact that I have hair that the hat doesn't fit well. I know it says women's but my brother actually took over my hat and it looks better on him than me. Any who, good material.
The hat I received is not the same as the picture. But dad liked it.
Was what I needed for a theme party
It's really comfortable, but the size I got according to chart (34D) is not good for running. It fits nicely if I were to just wear it around the house, but for high impact exercise I'll probably go down a size.
This is a great little dress that doubles as a coverup for me. It tends to have a lot of static if accidentally put in the dryer but overall it's a nice easy summery dress.
Very cute!!! Not completely as I thought it was going to be though, but for the price completely adorable!! Pretty good quality and it's like a rib tank part for the top but still super cute. Will work great for her costume! <3 fits true to size
This is for a gift so I'm not sure how it is going to fit. It looks pretty true to size. However, the red isn't red. It's more of a pink color. The fabric feels a little cheap.
Everyday Casual wear...
Length of shirt was not what I expected other than that everything fit great.
I love the feel of the fabric. This is more comfortable than the CK underwear I had a couple years ago. The pouch is a little confusing so a usage diagram would be nice, but comfort is key for me with underwear and these are amazingly comfortable. I wish there was a photo of the cut on the ordering page as the legs were a little longer than I'm used to but they aren't too long for me. Overall I love them. Included photos are inside of the undies, the fly, and the front laid flat
I like the jacket, but got a bright red color when I ordered maroon/burgundy. (If i got the right color would have been 5 star review)
First time I am using this. I ordered this to use with thigh high support stockings to make sure they stayed up, so far its good. I really had never seen this product or was aware it was available. THANKS
This thing is pretty thick. The only way my boyfriend wanted to wear it was if he cut out the extra flap. Oops, next time I won't get Extra Capacity. Leather quality felt nice.
Likes: pretty dress and the ruffles really give it that look. The small amount of gathering in the mid section Iffy: the material is a little see through and definitely will have to wear black undergarments
These overalls are super cute and comfy! However I was expecting for them to be a bit bigger and kinda hang off me instead of fitting perfectly.
Just a touch wider than I had hoped. I am 5.5 and weigh about 140. The medium is a bit to wide at the bottom but a good longer length. It fits nice through the busy and shoulders.
Fantastic jacket. Lightweight enough to wear in summer and surprisingly warm on chilly days. Better for a slimmer body - ive got a little bit of a belly and that keeps it from buttoning completely (the button clasps aren't super strong).
These waterproof underwear are still very good, that is, the pants are a bit high.
These socks can be a bit too tight and leave mark if to wear all day, otherwise, nice socks.
The coloring is not as teal. It's s very soft aqua/mint. Cute outfit. Well made. Soft
Looks great and fit right.
Very thin fabric but super soft. Wrinkled upon arrival but better after hanging a while. Nice color.
It is true to the description. I ordered my normal size and it fit as expected.
Purchased as a gift. Fun patterns for the holidays. The socks are true to size. I would give 5 stars but the socks are not as thick as I expected.
I totally love this pattern and the fit of the bottoms, they fit perfect and come up to the perfect height. BUT! Holy cow is the top SMALL!! I'm disappointed that I won't be able to wear it, because it's so cute. And when I mean small I mean totally ridiculously small in the cup area. I don't think they could cater to anyone outside of a C cup and a C cup might be too big of a fit too :( I ordered the 5x because I didn't want it super tight, like I said, bottoms fit great and comfy but the top is WAYYYY too small..... Bummer!
She feels it's tight in the crotch and she's not unusually long as regards her frame. She doesn't like how it cuts into her rear section. Good fabric, easy to get on and off.
No additions. Just the stitching. Really cool. Like a great deal.
I love the fit of this top. It is super soft as well.
Good fit, a little low on the waist though. I usually wear the carpenter jeans but Carhartt is changing its product lines more for fashion then work gear. Straight leg is great and fits over the work boots. Plenty of room even with winter boots. Definitely buy another pair
was what i excepted nice
nice hat keep my head and ear warm without worry about the wind
Very nice fit the money.
I want to be comfortable when I come home and throw on some sweat pants. Too often they feel like leggings and are uncomfortable. These are perfect! Not too baggy, not too fitted. The size medium was just what I was looking for. The pants are a medium weight. I'm going to order another pair.
I purchased this jacket in a small and it fit sort of tight. I then purchased a medium only to get shipped another small without a good and was told I would just have to reorder. Now that I try to reorder the medium is no longer available. Unhappy with the way Amazon went about my return of the wrong item. I loved the first jacket if only it was in the size that fit me.
Liked the soft fabric. So far it hasn't pilled like other shirts from other brands.
It holds everything together, but it gets tight as you add a few cards. I was hoping it would be a little slimmer. It's working, but might look for something else.
So I got the 2 pack, one size , tried on the navy- perfect fit lovely and now took out black once - small ! How are you guys packing it? 2 pack- same size please ! I will give the smaller one to my sister - too much hassle at this point , great buy for money and if you get lucky maybe you will get both pairs actual size you order
The wallet is good but they can rebuild it in a better more effective way.
A little clingy, but a nice shirt.
Great product! Thick and smooth material.
So far look good I haven't wore them yet but think they are going work
i like it but i thought it would be thicker, fit a little too exact.
the customer service was wonderful. i ended up giving this to my mom who absolutly loves it. it made her happy.
They seem like good quality panties, but I had to return them because they're a bit too small for me. I cant really say they're smaller than they should be for their size, because in my experience, each brands' sizes are different.
It fit perfectly and the quality was excellent
Fit great not too small and not too big
Arrived quickly! Cute shirt for New Years Eve! I ordered the M in silver. Fit great although it is a tad bit short, but it will work. I am wearing underneath my leather jacket. Also the silver isn't really shiny, it's more of a matte but does have some sparkly to it. Overall I like it. :) For reference on the “M” size. I'm 5.5, weigh about 155 and a 34C.
Ordered 2 more just like it and they were much bigger than this one. Had to send back
The fabric and fit are nice but the pockets are a bit too bulky for me. Just my personal preference. If it didn't have pockets I would probably buy extras.
I was looking for a backpack for my first semester in college after many years, and I honestly didn't know what to look for. I just know that I wanted a backpack that was cute and stylish, and under $20. This backpack is it! Its material is a slightly shiny, smooth texture and has many pockets and hidden compartments, including one for my laptop. The straps feel really comfy, and it fits all my books, pens, and notebooks. My only complaint is that the backpack doesn't sit up on the floor, but its not a deal breaker for me. I would recommend this backpack to anyone.
I now own these in 4 different colors. I gave it 4 stars because on one of the shirts the stitching was a little loose but over all a good buy. They are long enough to wear with leggings and cover your back end. The colors are just like pics.
Doesn't shrink in wash with hang drying. No pilling or transfer of dye.
I ordered it and requested the 2 day free delivery, but did not get it until the next week. No explaination for the delay was given.
Would have given 5 stars, but the nylon zipper keeps getting stuck and is difficult to get it past the waist band. Otherwise and excellent value.
Works as expected. But they are hard to put on the buttons and then they can stretch too much and be ruined.
I wore this on a long run recently. The material is more clingy than I expected but it was a good fit overall. The color is highly visible at night which is what I was looking for. I am satisfied with my selection of this product.
I give this to my Daugter , is was to small for me
The king size works pretty well. My partner just doesn't roll them up her calves as the tops are too narrow for her.
I love this shirt, looks just as the pic, nice soft material, fits true to size. I would recommend this product
Smaller than what size she actually wears as in size number not quite right. Nice quality though
Really cute hat, especially for that price. It fits a bit small for my average size head.
Comfortable. Lightweight material.
A little bit big, but very cute.
Good quality, easy to put on. A bit long.
Funny, material feels good - can't wait to see how it holds up in the wash but happy so far.
Pretty good underwear little itchy tho. Have yet to see how they hold up washing and Drying
Super cute. Waist band is a bit funky but otherwise, my daughter loves it
Very pretty top. Material was nice and fit was good.
I bought for my wife and she said its a nice color and material
Beautiful color and dress design. Love the fit and the length for hubby! A little on the thin side though.
Wouldn't recommend for a diabetic. My husband has thin legs and ankles and these socks were still too tight.
Expected the bottom hem to hug my hips. It does not. The boxy fit at the bust does straight down to hem. Large fits nicely at bust. Good quality, nice weight. Good details. Nice muted blue color.
The socks themselves are fine. I had asked if they would fit a 4 year old toddler and was told yes. They wii not fit a toddler.
Good product... Just what you expect in an 18 hour bra.
The stockings fit but they kept rolling down. The sticky part didn't work well at all. Future buyers may want to purchase garter straps.
The nice and I give as a gift my husband love them and my son too
This shirt is super cute!!!! I really didn't know what was going to happen when I ordered this but i love it. The back is open which is pretty. The only reason i took a star away is because when I didn't wear a bra you could see through the chest area. I got this in a color yellow so i might reorder in a darker color. If you're not planning on wearing a bra with this like i was, order a darker color
It's a pen flashlight exactly as described just a tad bit too long in my opinion but other than that useful little thing to carry around in your pocket or car very bright. No adjusting anything. Has little clip four pockets and whatnot. I personally leave it next to my bed and use it at night when I get up and it's dark in the house as my personal little walk around light.
Good heavy material for winter..hangs well
Socks are soft, comfortable and fit very well.
Love these!!!! So comfortable and keep me nice and warm!!!!
Hat was damaged before shipping. The damage affected the quality. Company made the situation right and I would buy from them in the future. Very appropriated!!
I'm short and this doesn't cover my entire belly including the lower pouch. Other wise it's pretty good for the price
Usually wear a small but since the suit runs small I went with a medium, I'm 5'2, 135 lbs, 34 b bra, and wear a size 4-6 bottoms.
Quality product for cost of item.
Great purchase for the price.
I wish the fabric had been a cotton blend, but I do love the top
Good, but cards are really hard to get out of pockets
Good product and fit perfectly.
Great dress! Great buy, the only reason I have four stars instead of 5 was because it was a little big on me and didn't fit me like the other dresses that I bought from them, but I'm guessing because this one is long sleeve. Overall I love it!
I just received a package of 10 if these in medium; they're surprisingly good quality for the price & about half are from from recognizable brands. Nice fabric, good mix of styles.... My only complaint is the size- they run large in my opinion. For reference I'm 5'7, 127 lbs and usually wear a small or medium. After seeing reviews saying they run small, I ordered mediums - but these are larger than average mediums, and quite big on me. I would still recommend these just caution not to assume these run small- and I will probably order more in a size down because overall I was pleased. Photos show variety of colors and styles I received (no duplicates!)
I love that they come with an storage container. But I don't like that they are very large compared to my old ones, but they are very wearable.
Good like the detail chain is a bit weak when it get caught on items
I was real excited to get the coat only to be disappointed by the size. It was 2 sizes too small. Very upset that I'll be sending it back!!
These are comfy and fit fairly well. I'm not in love with the stiff texture; I imagined they would feel more like the super soft laser cut undies you can get from VS.
Too small for my D cup. The material is nice abs and soft. It is just too small for me. It showed too much of my midriff.
loved the price and style, and she says very comfortable
They fit perfect but I did buy a size bigger
These fit just fine. That is why I ordered a second set.
I'm normally a 14-16, and was hesitant to order these because I assumed the XXL would be an American 6. They fit a little snug, but aren't too tight. Incredibly low rise, I'm not sure how they will work for daily wear. Cute patterns and decent quality, you will have a panty line.
Wish it was a little bigger but its still good
Keep you warm. Runs one size large.
I really liked this cute fascinator to wear for a tea party. I gave it 4 stars only because the color was a bit off. I ordered white, but it looked a little gray or a bit dingy color white.
Cute top, fits as expected.
it is for my son for swim class
Bought a large & it fits good. These are loose fitting & fit like shorts. They are long. Good buy.
I love the material. It a little long but otherwise fits just right. If I would have went smaller I think it would have been too tight.
Good quality light weight knee socks. Comfortable and tall.
Good quality tactical pants. Would buy again.
Really cute and super simple to make into a costume. Seems a bit overwhelming on my smaller frame, but didn't take away from people loving it.
Very cute but VERY small, the part that covered my butt was pretty much a thong.
these are comfortable and breathable. They have some stretch and don't pinch. They are a little thinner than I would prefer, but overall, good.
nice design. Bit large but perfect for essentials.
My daughter loves this product for my grandson
This is nice. Keeps the sun from burning my neck.
The sweater is adorable. Colors are vibrant and it washed well. I gave 4 stars because the overall size was fine but the hood is so tight, my son can't use it. (Still wears the sweater regularly).
It's a little shorter than expected, but very nice and comfy.
Fit to size just slightly smaller around the chest even with a binder
This is super cute shirt. The material is well made. I have gotten many complaints.
Very nice cut and fit. Elastic waistband is medium high quality. Drawstring rope is somewhat useful. Overall it fits nice and would recommend to my fellow Amazon shoppers.
I have large breasts and needed a simple, comfortable bra for sleeping and breastfeeding. I wear a 38DD normally and I cannot even imagine how huge my chest actually wa lbs after giving birth. BIG. These are comfortable though not ultra supportive for a huge load. Additionally, for sleeping, if you sleep sideways, your boobs will fall out of them (again, if you have a very large chest). I had to manually sew them. They weren't bad for the price.
Very sequined which is exactly what I wanted! I am 123 lbs. and 5'6, that being said it was rather short for my liking. I have longer legs so maybe that was the issue. I will be another one in M to see how the fit is, but overall great quality and the sequins seem to be holding up nicely.
Loved the combo, my daughter of 10 loved them, but the mermaids peeled off quite fast, but overall craftsmanship was great!! I would recommend!!
I consider myself an Old lady at heart. I love comfy sweaters, tea, knitting, all the good things in life. I'm also a bit of a spooky old goth, who didn't really own any "goth" sweaters until now. This sweater fits perfectly. Its cozy. Its cute. I've gotten SO many compliments on it! I wish it had pockets, but you can't win them all. ;) Definitely a great buy! It arrived pretty quickly too.
Not enough support for me but I will still wear them.
Pretty thin but I will love in the summer with flip flops ...
MY SON LOVES IT. ONLY REASON DID NOT GIVE 5 STARS IS THE LUNCHBOX IS SMALLER THAN EXPECTED AND THE POCKETS ON SIDE OF LUNCH BOX AND BACKPACK ARE VERY SMALL. DIFFICULT TO FIT THERMOS OR SNACKS IN THE SIDE POCKETS. IF THAT IS NOT CONCERN THEN THIS IS PERFECT... ITS GREAT DEAL REGARDLESS.
We LOVE these head wraps! Our little Zoe is 16 months and they fit perfectly on her with room to grow. They are so cute I even use them in photos for marketing my business relating to cute babies, pregnancy, motherhood inspiration, etc. She hates wearing most things on her head but these are SOOO soft and comfy that she will keep them on. Love these for summer weather (not too hot) and they could be useful in other seasons. Whether it's just a day I don't have to do hair or a day we just want to change up the look, we love them! And the colors are vibrant as well. The only thing I saw was a little glue on a couple of the hats where the tie area is. Otherwise, Great product!
Very cute, doesn't adjust to different sizes.
My husband is very please with this shirt.
I love it! Great quality and weight.
This dress is nice and light, flowy, and soft. Perfect for warm summer days. I only wish that this came in an x-small as my usual size, a small, fit a little more loose than I would like.
Says firm compression. More like medium. Otherwise, as described.
Fits as expected keeps everything smooth and tight
Overall nice sweater, however stitching is a little off.
This is a beautiful top and is exactly as pictured. I liked it so much I ended up ordering it in two more colors after I received the first one. The only important thing to know is that it is extremely delicate and for that reason I'm worried that it won't last through many wears. The front part are two very thin and delicate pieces of lace that are seen together and I can absolutely imagine it tearing, Snagging or unraveling. That being said I have washed this shirt in the regular wash and left it to hang dry and that worked really well with no issues.
the colors are great for day and evening wear
Ordered up for my rib cage and down a cup size. I'm typically a 36ddd but thanks to other reviews ordered a 38dd and glad I did! Fits great and will keep things where they are supposed to be!
The style was great, but fit runs small. I wish it had fit. It was exactly the style I was going for. I was very disappointed I couldn't reorder in a larger size. :-(
Loved the way they fit and looked
For followers of Oak Island it is the perfect gift.
I love this pink sweater it is perfect for the upcoming sweater season and is such a pretty pink!
I really like the elastic band that comes with these pom poms, I wasn't overly happy with the quality of them. I was able to fluff them up a bit, but when I purchased a second order of them their was a definite difference in fluffiness between the first and second order. But they do work great for hats if that is what you are looking to buy them for. They are easily attachable. DO NOT WASH. Had a sister throw it in the washer by accident and the thing looked like a cotton ball! Whoops!
A little thin as others have suggested. But good for cool fall days.
Good fit, nice material, excellent buy.
Super cute T; sizing is a little big
I ordered this to wear after having a baby (before losing my weight) and am very happy! (I've been given many compliments.) I love the look of this product! It is pretty and sexy, which is hard to find in a body shaper. It also breathes, unlike other body shapers where I am uncomfortable. It also does a great job of staying up around the waist and not rolling down- again very comfortable. I also like how the butt area isn't super tight, where other body shapers leave a very noticeable underwear line. The butt area is also very comfortable; it doesn't ride up or pinch. I wish that this sucked in the stomach area a little more, but it offers great support and smooths the stomach area. The shipping was timely, and I have had no issues with the product. It has held up nicely after 3 washings. I am very happy overall.
Loved them, but do look at chart size before ordering them, the gray area in the picture of them is actually black, not the light gray as shown.
This top is really cute! It is more of a t-shirt thickness than a sweatshirt. I usually take an x-small or a small and I got this one in a medium to give me more room after reading other reviews and it fits perfectly.
It's a cute hat. Definitely worth the price. It has a tendency to leave the bottoms of my ears in the cold, which is a bummer because I live in Maine. But it's better than the alternative of me not wearing a hat because it looks too stupid.
The product fits well. Top not as long as I wanted it but it will do
The socks are very cute. The quality is very good.
Purchased as a Christmas gift. Nice weight and soft material.
Stayed on my head without being tight, no hat headache.
I ordered the shirt for my son who is big and tall it fits him great he likes it fabric is nice
Beautiful jacket however some people's jackets had a beautiful floral lining and mine did not but it doesn't take away from the beauty of the jacket. The reviews lead you to believe you need to size up for larger arms and breasts but you don't. I am a 34DDD with muscular arms and had to return my Xl for a L and that has NEVER happened to me. I will definitely purchase in another color as well.
I purchased the large in this dress because other reviews said they fit on the smaller side...which is accurate. It was super cute and comfortable. I even purchased the black in the same style, but that one was actually bigger, so I will be returning that one. The sizes aren't consistent, but I at least found one that worked.
Also bought this for the wife, she love it also
I've been using the braided stretch belts with the normal buckles for about 10 years now and they keep breaking down over time and becoming a nuisance. I bought these hoping that the buckle and belt material would solve the problems I've been having from the other belts, and so far it seems hopeful. The included buckles are easy to use and grip the belts across the full surface which should prevent the belts from breaking down so quickly. There is just enough stretch to move with me without being too tight. The only downsides so far: The width of the belt, I believe, was described as 1.5" which is almost too wide to fit into some of my belt loops. The only other problem I've noticed so far is that the belt is a little thin and stiff, that mixed with the height of the belt causes it to make contact with my lower back waist when sitting which is very uncomfortable.
Haven't tried them yet but I purchased them to wear at the hospital. I may buy a few more because I love wearing slippers around the house but the always seem to fall off the back.
These are so adorable, and maybe when I am down to my summer weight they will look better, but the medium/large, as it is, is too snug to wear. The straps give me muffin tops. I want them to work so I am keeping them, but I don't know if this summer will be the year I wear them. Typically I wear a 28 in jeans, a M in anything with stretch.
Good product... But does roll down in back.
The material is not as thick as I expected. I'm 5'2 and 130lbs usually wear a small/medium in bathing suits depending on the style. I probably should've gotten a large because the bottoms are very tight around my thighs and the medium top is a little small for me and I'm a 34D.
I didn't care for the pattern on this dress once I saw it in person. The flowers were much more prominent than the light teal. Way too tight in the chest for me but I'm busty to begin with and also nursing right now. Was able to return this without any issues
Ordered one size larger, fit is good.
***Updated to four stars - I contacted Amazon's customer service. Within a few hours, I was sent an apology for the inconvenience and promised a refund.*** I ordered my daughter two of these in a small as she wears a small in her gymnastics leotards and another brand dance leotard. I did not check the return policy because I've always been able to return absolutely anything I've ever bought off amazon with no issue. Guess it's my own fault, but it stinks now that I'm stuck with two leotards that are too small.
They all are cute and well made. The black and white leopard print bow is not even, like it was rushed when it was made. Other than that I think they are super cute!
Love this shirt, but the arms are a little tight. Length was long. Covers my pockets in my jeans. Loose fitting everywhere but the arms.
As described and comfortable.
Very very elegant top ot was just too small.
I ordered a small, 5'3” 115lbs and it's a little loose underarm area. Also is a little too long but I wore with wedges. Dress quality isn't great but it's perfect for a cute summer maxi dress. The pattern has a bit more tan than the photo. Wore it on spring break for a dressy dinner and had a lot of compliments. It doesn't look like an inexpensive dress. I am glad I decided to keep it.
Very loose. Returned item as it was very baggy as expected, but too baggy to be worn as anything other than ren fair attire with corset and shelf bra? Also very see through, even white under garment would be extremely visible. Went with different color and thicker material as more multi purpose.
I buy them for my business then get them printed up at my local lids. Between price, comfort, speed of delivery and most important my company color is recommend to everyone
I wanted an inexpensive costume to wear while taking my child trick or treating. This worked great. I liked the head piece. The material is not very thick, but I didn't expect it to be so I wore a black shirt and some leggings under it. I thought it ran a bit small. I am usually a size small in regular clothes but I ordered this in a medium just to be sure and it fit me well. Overall it was definitely worth the money for a Halloween costume that I planned to wear one time.
Very soft and comfortable, this dress fit perfectly. I am medium/large at the moment and ordered the large. The arms weren't too tight and my belly has plenty of room while the dress still looks fitted
Too hot to wear to work when it's not winter. But great for colder weather. Comfy. Not too thick.
I love fox hats. However they always come in a little tight and need stretching in over time. After they stretch out they are awesome!
Product is great, it definitely runs small so order a size up! Very soft and warm
I ordered a extra size larger than I wear,to account for shrinking.I'm glad I did. They still fit nice,I'm satisfied with them.
Super comfy but the neck hole is way bigger than it needs to be. I returned for this reason as it just didn't lay right on my broad shoulders. It's otherwise a cute comfy oversized sweater
These are really comfy and soft. Love to just lounge around in them at home. Only thing is that I'm a 32 waist, but the medium was a little large on me. I have to use the strings to tighten a little. If I knew, I would have gone for the small.
Am 5'7", 170 lbs and normal size is Medium but based on recommendations in prior reviews, I downsized to a Small and it fits like a modern/tailored fit.
Picture is obviously better than actual product but it is an OK skirt. Fabric is not the best.
Cute- smaller than expected, but great for kiddies!
There is a major (to me) difference between the twill shorts and the denim shorts. I'm including both reviews here Twill: If you love the slacks, you will love these shorts as well. Very well designed cargo pockets are perfect for all smartphones. Denim: Instead of two well designed cargo pockets it only comes with one (left pocket). The right pocket is a normal, average design cargo pocket. If you only carry your smartphone in your left cargo, this is fine, but you won't have the same option with the other pocket for some reason. Apparently if you review two similar items here only the first sticks. This updated review is meant to fix this.
The nightgown was very comfortable to sleep in, but fell apart after a couple of washes!
Very soft, perfect for the beach.
Comfortable and cushiony. But thick and to warm for hot days.
If you don't want a snug fit, consider getting the size bigger.
I like that it feels comfortable
Fits perfectly not tight but for some reason my straps still be rolling even though it's broader straps. Plus size ladies it will fit 400lbs + and I rock the 5x and I am broad at the top
Love the jacket. I work outdoors all winter in new england so it gets cold but this and a thin hoodie underneath keeps me really warm. Got plenty of compliments from people as well. Only downside IMO is its a little bit large. I'm a small guy though 5'6" 135lbs and its a little bit bulky on me. I wear a thin hoodie underneath and it fits much better. Tl;dr: Pros: Great jacket, warm, everyone loves it. Cons: Slightly larger than expected, wouldve loved the slimmer look.
Awesome material not to thin or or too thick shows your curves
I like it ! I'm 5'3 , 150 with 32DDD boobs and the large did me well. The bottoms come all the way to like your chest . There's only a lil skin showing between the top and be bottom but it's still sexy .
It did great love my new waist trainer
I like the style and the type of fabric. I will order a bigger size, because the one that I ordered did not fit well.
Liked the way it looked with the dress
Fabric is really good. Nice fit. Bottom strings are too long though
I will start by saying that this waist trainer will definitely have your waist snatched! I put it on and I was surprised by how itty bitty my waist was. I ordered it because the image looked like it was a little bit longer in the torso than the one that I currently use, bit it looks about the same. I will definitely be using it for my next size down.
First purchased the size 3T for my 3 yr old, but they were already a bit too small, so returned for the next size up. Just received them and am happy to see that they look quite balanced in their over all roominess! The cotton feels pretty soft and my FAVORITE thing so far is that they DON'T stink like harsh, toxic, factory chemicals!!! ***I recently ordered several different sets of pj's and was VERY disappointed to be so overwhelmed by such toxicity in the air!!! Esp. two different sets of Gerber brand pj's!!! -I was shocked how strong smelling they were! Of course, they are a mainstream brand and I'm sure they produce most (if not all) of their baby/children's goods over seas! :-( Ugh!
Great fit, and for the price... cannot be beat.
Nice shirt. I originally ordered a medium but it was too small. Large is great, so I'd be a bit generous on choosing the size.
These are somewhat large but the size range 0-6 months is a huge range.
Length and size perfect. Material a little thin but hangs very well...definitely buying more for spring here in Kansas!
Love the dress it's beautiful. Got lots of compliments. Putting it on though was tricky because the zipper couldn't zip up until I zipped it up with just my waist to chest then my arms in. Thus how I got the zipper to close all the way.
They did the trick! I was very happy with my daughters. Wish the straps on mine were a little looser. Cheap material but perfect for a couple hours to do a photoshoot
It fit as expected. It just seemed like it was cheaply made. I will definitely use if but it's not my favorite cover up.
Decent hat but size is not accurate.
Very pretty colors and patterns. It's a little snug near the shoulder blades/upper back area
they were lighter fabric then I expected but they will serve the purpose for Halloween
Upon reciving it the strap look immediately broke. I just wore it strapless. Its absolutely fabulous! I got so many compliments
Perfect buy I'm not sure how you thought of this but I'm mad I didn't think of this first lol great job
Good quality. Number of stats in the varying sizes a Plus+!!
Overall happy. Fits small in the top but bottoms fit as expected. I'm 125lbs, 34” chest, 26” waist, 38” hips and medium fits pretty well.
Very nice rash guard & good fit, I do not recommend white for children. Stains do not wash out, worn 3 times now trash
Good size and nice color
pretty dress. red color runs and fades, wash separately
These are good quality pajama and my husband seems to be very comfortable in it. One thing to keep in mind is that these does shrink a lot after you wash. We ordered a medium for my husband and it fit him perfectly until it was washed. He still wears them, but the sleeves and pants are short. I suggest to order one size up.
good quality, hood runs small
Nice shirt, picture was a little chipped but other than that a great buy
Runs small. They need an xxl
Great dress for a great price! Very flattering. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the length. I'm 5'8 and the dress was a bit short for me to wear with 3 inch heels.
it looks good but get a size up unless you like some what tight shirts.
They're good glasses it does the job the only issue that I had is that it has a blue glare on the lenses other than that they're good.
Very comfortable leggings
Fit great! I Love them! They broke :( The buckle broke within minutes of trying them on. I still love them though. A minor fix with some pliers and they were back in action!
CupShe has and will remain at the top of my list for best quality at an affordable price for swim suits. I needed last minute options for my trip to Hawaii and ended up picking up this set for one of my picks. I wanted to pack light so being that this was reversible, it covered my needs. Love the design on both sides too!
My husband loves the shirts I like them because they do not shrink after washing hold it shape also thanks
Was a little leery about buying online but very nice shirt, soft and fits well. My one down side is there is a little shrinkage after washing so if you like loose buy up a size.
I never know what size to order in leggings on amazon. I ordered a different pair in an XL that were super small, so I ordered these in the same size just to be safe. They're cut very big! The print is very cute tho, and they're comfortable!
The Carhartt brand makes good heavy duty products. The cotton is thick and high quality. Runs a little bit large in size. Shrinks a little in the dryer.
Very cute and the material is soft. It's short, though, so if you have a longer baby, size up. My nephew is 4 months old and only weighs 10 lbs. I don't know how long he is, but he's on the smaller side, and he'll probably only be able to wear this for a couple of weeks.
Beautiful color but fits a little snug for size. And material is a matte finished Chiffon not much give.
Nice quality and though it's too small for me to wear, I'll find a use for it. The advertisement did state they ran small, so it was a risk I took.
Came in a very nice box, looked great, very strong magnet, however started to come apart after 6 months. Thought it would at least last a couple of years.
Stiff but decent quality
I loved how my son looked in his outfit except for the hat seemed to over lap a little bit
4 stars because it's a little bit loose around the pelvic era but other than that it's a great pick and can be work alone or as an under garment.
It is true to size & nicer than expected. I will wear it for casual but can work well for dressing up.
Fits a size 2 petite very well. Nice color combo and soft, warm and well made.
I contacted seller who refunded my money. Then I reordered and it came with two as shown in the photos. Very responsive customer service.
for price, not bad.... flimsy but for $20 it's good
love the look. the fabric is a bit too flimsy but will look great over my swim suit
This dress is very comfortable. It does seem to run large. I am big busted so I got an extra large after reading other reviews. I feel I could have got a large and the rest of the dress would have fit better. It seemed very loose everywhere. Being that it was bigger than needed it did kinda look like a maternity dress. All that said, it's super comfortable and that's what I was looking for. Something I could throw on and run to the grocery store or dinner if you want to dress it up with some heels and jewelry. I like the material, it breaths.
Fits great, looks amazing, but there was a fishy odor when I opened it. I had to wash them and air them out.
Quality material and flattering style. I am 5'9 and 170lbs. A Large fits well and is slightly loose like the picture shows.
Colors are great, but the fit is small.
Not quite as long as I had hoped. They do not cover my bum completely. But they are soft and easy access for nursing. I ordered a medium and they fit well. I am a 34D post part I'm.
Material is great, nice and soft. Looks just like picture. Is a little on the large side.
Fit great but if your heavy above the knee then expect it not to stay straightened out. It will roll
It is comfortable but the fabric is a lot thinner than I was expecting. The price was right for this product though considering.
I ordered the wrong size. I'll buy it again in the correct size.
This is a lovely nightgown and the 4 stars in only due to the cotton quality. It is “good” however cold be softer it is was higher quality. The cotton is certainly sufficient just not the best quality ...and that being said I wear it regularly and am pleased overall.
4 stars because I was under the impression I was going to receive 2 of the invisible bras, but one was breast petals. This was my first time trying the bra and it held all night through dancing and sweating! I'm a full cup 42DD and it supported me well. If you want to reuse, Keep the plastic that covers the adhesive this will keep the bra sticky!
i actually LOVE this!! so comfy not to tight pretty flattering i would say.
Great, fun addition to the bedroom. My only concern is that once on they are difficult to stay in place and/or tighten to assist with that. So, at times, they fall off but are easy to replace.
Fits great and my daughter loves it!!
Lots of compliments and the design and colors are really cute which is why I give it a 4. But rather tiny on, No support in the breast area at all. Strings in the back aren't really long either.
Need to be a little more slimmer around the legs
I really like this hat, and I like that it's full-coverage but still gives me the option to wear my hair in a ponytail or bun while I'll wearing it. The biggest downside is the way that the Velcro is on the hat - the "sticky" side faces in, so if you don't attach it all the way, it will snag your hair. I have a relatively large head, so I keep snagging my hair every time I take the hat off. It's not a total deal breaker for me, but it's super annoying.
I love the pants, however the colors aren't the same as in the stock photo. Wish they were more like that, but they're still ok. 🙂
If you are looking for lightweight you will like.
This is a very convenient way to carry additional credit cards and business cards.
Got it for my 16yr old. She seems to like them.
Very sexy and fits well
Great fit, comfortable and pretty colors
I ordered the S/M/L and I am 5'5" 140 lbs and they fit really well. I have not yet washed them but they are super comfortable. The fleece lining is warm but not over the top. My only issue is they come up so high on the waist, but I just fold the top down.
so i really like these scrubs but i Mee to complain about one thing... why isn't there more room in the thigh and crotch area? scrubs are supposed to be loose and comfortable, these are more like pants. nice pants but pants none the less.
Should of got size down but still like and use
I'm ordering another hat I just wish they had more colors or even solid colors to choose from.
These are good quality pants and I can tell they are warm and definitely waterproof. My biggest concern was sizing. I ordered a large (5'6” 140lbs) and they fit just fine... I have plenty of room to wear another layer under for my trip since it's going to be very cold. They don't look very flattering though! But good enough for snow pants.
Seemed to be good quality, but ran huge.
Yeah, its a good price and the material is nice and not heavy or stifling.
These shorts were longer than I expected
The hat is very warm and cozy. I was expecting it to be a little bigger but it looks good on me.
This is an exceptional hoodie. I'm blowing away if I can get that quality for the price I paid! For me the sizes ran just a little tiny bit small. Great product great price. Next time I think I'll order one size larger. But I definitely will be buying more and I encourage you to also.
Love the style, the fit is one of the most comfortable I've had in a long time although a couple pair do seem a little on the small side.
Great feel to the touch, a bit thick but so comfy. Well constructed.
So cute, bought a larger size than needed to increase how long it could be worn but seems to be as large as I expected it to be
Well made just a little disappointed in color
Maybe ordered to small size, but felt like it ran small. Ordered specific size, received a “Medium”, very vague. Did not reorder new size as they were so vague. Returned with ease and received refund...thus the 4 stars.
This was a beautiful dress, but it ran too small. I am usually a large I wear 8 to 10. I ordered an extra large and it was still too small
Really cute, a tad bit small looking, a little smaller than pictured. Very cute though!
only drawback is that the front and back patters don't meet up, but that's a minor gripe. For the price it's pretty cool.
Everything was just as expected!
They are a little snug
Fits more like an XL, which is my size and it's very comfortable! I would suggest ordering a size bigger than you normally wear.
This dress was beyond beautiful in detail. This dress was definitely a win! I wish it was a tad bit tighter on areas but realistically it fit perfect! I was constantly complimented. Im 4'9 . Weigh about 128 pounds. Size 28 waist in pants or size 4ish . Tops im s/m
Just got the bag. Very cute, good quality and larger than I expected but it is labeled as a lounge fly bag. It's is not made by lounge fly. So if you are looking for a lounge fly bag this isn't it. But still worth the purchase.
Very nice material, a little tight in the chest. Perfect length to wear with leggings or jeans,
I really loved these leggings, didn't get baggy over time but they got holes so quickly! Definitely a thinner material, wish they had lasted longer. I don't regret buying them but probably wont buy again.
It's fine looking, a little snug, fabric is pretty thin.
.... need a little larger size and a little heaver material..
I would have given this skirt 5 stars but both pockets had holes in them. Otherwise, nice fit (I am a size 10-12, ordered a Large) and great length.
Im 5'7, around 150lb, B cup size and I purchased a medium. I originally got a small based on other reviews, but it made it stretch so much that you could see my undergarments beneath the fabric. It was really easy to return and get a medium, which was much better. It comes to right above my knee cap, unless I make an effort to pull it down, then I can get it below my knees. Overall, it's a really cute, casual dress and hugs curves nicely. I've washed it and it does well in the wash, too- no shrinking or damage.
Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with this product, except for the fact that I'll have to do some modifications. The fabric super nice and thick, no need to worry about seeing through. I got the red, and it does appear a little bit lighter than the picture when in daylight, but nothing that bothers me too much. I have two very small issues with the dress. The first one is the sleeves have some holes, and they're a little bit too low for my liking, the sleeves are a perfect length for me naturally, and the some holes are a little bit higher up which stretches the fabric. I feel if you had shorter arms, this wouldn't be much of an issue but for me it was since I'm a little bit longer there. My other issues that I'm quite busty, and the corset comes too high up. It comes up about halfway up my bust, so I'm going to remove the top couple fabric eyelets. Overall, this product is perfect if you aren't super tall or busty, but even if you are, they're easy modifications! (Remember to order a size or 2 up!)
Nice shirt - I am usually a medium but it was too big. Requested a return and they sent me a size small for no extra money. Lovely seller interaction.
I would've rated 5 stars, but they fit a bit smaller than expected. Maybe I have to break them in. Other than that, I love them
I really like the retro styled gown . Only thing is it's having only net/mesh over shoulder . Which doesn't suit me so I returned this otherwise the fall of material & dosing is really beautiful .
This Harry Potter Hedwig Wing scarf is very nice. It's an officially licensed product that has a nice wingspan and features Hedwig with a letter in his beak. My daughter loves Harry Potter and especially Hedwig, so when I saw this scarf I had to get it for her. Please note that this is a very light scarf. It won't protect you from any severely cold weather, but it's perfect for early fall evenings and during the day when the sun is out. I highly recommend this lovely scarf.
A nice, heavy duty hat. Perfect for the winter. Only complaint is that the material makes my forehead itchy at times.
I always wear liners in my sandals but the right ones can be hard to find. I was excited to try these. They are well made, no seams. The pack comes with a pair of tan and a pair of black. They are about 3 1/2 inches wide and 3 inches long out of the package. Very stretchy. They are a little looser on my foot and a bit longer than I would like. I actually had to fold them over to keep them hidden. Not a bad product though.
Very cute and good material!! Top was a bit small... I'm bigger on the top so it's hard to move a lot without exposing myself but it's super cute so I make it work!
Great quality. Don't stretch out over time. Worn all 3 and get compliments every time. I am 5'2” about 160lbs and found they fit well.
A little bit big if your child is thin.I had to get it alterations to fit him for a wedding.
Super cute, the white seems a little see through as we could see what the wearer had on under it. Other than that they loved it
Cute but cane dirty and that's gross
A bit tight at the waist for the size I got, but otherwise perfect.
as far as In know they fit. and wear well
These work great, will order more. Saves money on buying a bigger bra.
Love it. Want to order again.
A little hard to get the hang of with the straps, but still super cute. The fabric is a bit thin, but I still really like the print and will be keeping it. Fit perfect as well.
Good value for the price. The glove doesn't exactly look like the picture but it has enough sequins that you know it's a MJ glove.
It's a nice piece but it does say 2-6 years. It's definitely too big for a toddler. My daughter just turned 5 this fits large on her. Good for 5-8 year olds.
This Item Came A Little Different From The Picture But Was Still Very Cute. The Colors Were The Same. I Love It!!!
Nice quality outfit. XL is really what a XXL or XXXL would be.
I haven't washed them yet, but so far these bras fit well and provide comfortable support. I also haven't done anything strenuous, so I can't rate them for performance. Maybe one day I'll get back to the gym and they can show me what they can really do.
I like it's many pockets. I would like it better with a bungee cord.
Can't beat the price! Definitely worth it. They do feel like they will probably get faded quick here in Los Angeles during the summer though. UPDATE: one of the shirts came with a hole in the armpit area
Bought this to wear to a Vikings game. Didn't make it to the game but I looked good watching the TV. lol
Soft and good quality yarn, but a bit small for a man's head, the moustache part goes into the mouth
Super cute top that looks just like the picture. I thought this would be longer but still fits.
Works well and looks nice. But cheaply made and cheap material. You get what you pay for. Washes well and does the job though.
Very cute top. Looks just as pic. However the sizing seems to run small. I think this looks like either it's a Youth size or a fitted tee top. I ordered a XL but usually am a L.
They fit very tight I was surprised it's never happened to me before
I bought this to hold my reading glasses and it performs well for that. No issues.
Seems to be a high quality purse for the price. All the separate pockets are what I look for in a purse
Was a bit snug around my thigh but served it's purpose.
They're soft, which is nice. But that also means they don't hide lumps. Still cute, though.
Soft and comfortable! They do seem to shrink a bit if you dry them in a clothes dryer.
My father loved the socks, fit perfect.
Looks great on the wife.
Was looking for a truly plush Santa hat. This one was exactly it. Made with quality materials. Thick fabric and soft fuzzy white trim. Highly recommend!
Love it so far. Feels sturdy and blocks the sun from a big area but that's more to do with the type of sunglasses. Haven't had time to test out polarized part but will see.😎
Fits good looks good to wear it often.
Love this mask! So elegant. The eye part is a tad bit smaller than what i wanted overall just what i wanted
I wear a small in tops. As other reviews I ordered 1 size up and the medium fits perfect. The only issue I have is the threading is thin at bottom and on 1 tank the thread broke after 1 wash and started to unravel.
High quality belt. Performs as expected. Easy to trim and use. I like the fact that it can be easily laundered if desired. It seems to be very durable. Lastly, it doesn't look at all like some kind of an odd belt - it blends in nicely with normal attire.
nice colors and fabric
The cut doesn't look like the pic but I'm not built like that model either
these are okay. too high up the ankle for me. also made my feet stink really bad. not good at eliminating odor.
Came early and fits good!
I will say I was expecting something cheaply made but I really like this product! It's very soft and comfortable! The color is perfect and the fit is true to size! Definitely would be perfect with a pair of leggings!
Belt is too short. Looks expensive. Fabric frays a lot
This is very warm and comfortable. Pocket allows for cat or small dog. There is a pocket for your hands and thumb hold design for comfort.
Beautiful, well made dress. The lace has a little stretch to it, and is very durable. I wish the back wasn't pure lace to make it a little more modest, but we bought a white shirt sleeve leotard to go under it and it's perfect! My 7 year old LOVES this dress!!!! (Mom does too)
This fits as expected. My princess really loves this outfit. This outfit waa constructed from fine material. Arrived on time, packaging intact.
This jacket is great for around the house when it is cool. Be sure to check the size my husband is a size small he is very thin and I purchased an XL and it fit him like a small.
For bigger sized squares this is perfect. Easy to use and keeps your squares in place
I was reluctant to order because of the sizing. I typically wear a small or medium. Ordered a large due to sizing. It will work (and it's gorgeous!) but it's a tad roomier (I ordered an XL).
These are great stretch workout shorts, they do run small. I should've ordered the extra large instead of the large
Very pretty dress, very long
I did order up since I wanted the loose fit. It's thin, like a T-shirt, wasn't sure what to expect, but not meant to be worn solo in this weather.
So cute! A little difficult to get her in it but it's worth how cute and protected she is!
I should have looked at the fabric (it's polyester) that makes this garment hold in body heat. very uncomfortable for me. But this caftan is well made. It has nice stitching. maybe I will re-gift it.
Very nice design. Colors are vibrant! Runs small. You should order a size or two bigger then you need.
It opened and immediately smelt moth balls. took two days out Side and a bottle of febreeze.
I am 5'6", 170lbs, 34DD and ordered the Large. This is my first time ever wearing something that doesn't have a ton of support for the girls but I gotta say I like it! The dress is super flowy, it's a bit loose on the top but I assume that's because of the style. It's literally held up by two strings so its gonna be loose. My biggest complaint is that the little under skirt rides up as soon as you move and creates this little bunching in the back of the dress. It'll be annoying to keep adjusting it but that's not too bad.
Very attractive, very pretty color. Zipper works well. It might be just slightly smaller than you would like but not enough to complain about....the only negative is it's a very lightweight sweatshirt, this is not going to keep you warm in weather under 50 degrees. it's not a thick heavy sweatshirt, it's more like a parka type.
These swaddles are SO CUTE! I bought them specifically for the donut one to take my daughter's newborn hospital photos in once she's born. The headbands looked kind of large for a new born but the good news is you can adjust the knots, so no worries! The material is unlike any other swaddles I have and will be so nice for the summer time, they are stretchy like a jersey cotton material. I would recommend these for sure, super cute, good quality and a great deal! Plus they arrived early!
good value for the money but quality is lacking
Works as advertised. It would be better if it was machine washable.
Its a little thick but very pretty. I received a lot of compliments on it.
I make a mini haunted house in the hallway on my floor. The kids love it. This year the theme is Creepy Carnival so I am all set. I plan to pretend to be one of my animated creatures and then say SURPRISE! When they reach for candy.
These are very comfortable to sleep in which is a welcome change
Very soft got them as a gift for my mom and she loves them! The only thing I would say is the top runs a little small. The pants were perfect as a medium but the top a little small.
I really like the fit, but I have thicker legs and when wearing under a dress you can tell the elastic cuts into my legs.
It looks great on my wife (and she and I aren't even close to wearing the same cloths). I would have given 5 stars if it would fit me too! I know ordering online can be a challenge so I measured myself with a tape measure to assure that it would fit, but to avail. Like I said, on a positive note, it looks great on my wife!
Mittens are as described... purchased as a gift.
It's a great and stylish wallet, however the zipper on the inside makes it a little hard to sit on. My boyfriend doesn't keep his wallet in his back pocket however so it's no issue for him.
Cute casual top that can we worn with jeans or leggings. Fabric seems to wrinkle easily, but is comfortable. I sized up for a loose fit and I feel it's TTS. I don't love the cuffs, but overall find the top cute.
My daughter loves it
Used on a cruise as wrap and sun protection when on deck. Would probably buy again but also would prefer color to look more purple and less grey. Would prefer this to be a bit longer, less square. I want to love it but dont. I do like it. The feel is soft and seems to have done its job well.
I'm pretty much a 3x across the board, but these 3x denim leggings are a bit snug in the waist. The leg is just right, as is the length (ankle), but I sure wouldn't mind another half inch around the middle. Not a deal breaker, but it would be nice. Otherwise, they're very cute, soft, lightweight denim, & I like them very much. I hope they'll stretch out; they feel like they could.
Exactly what it says it is. I guessed on my size based on the basic size chart. I would recommend moving up a size or actually measuring yourself to pick the best fit.
Great protection of cards in a small and easy to carry wallet
I purchased this for a 5k I ran in January and it worked well for me! It was thinner than expected but perfect to use over my mouth and nose!
Fits as expected. A little thin but ok for the beach It's just right in the chest but a little large in the bottom
I thought an XL would be a little larger. I had to order another size.a 1X
33 waist and they are a perfect fit. Nice material
I like the socks and they fit well except in the toe. There is too much material which makes the toe sloppy and uncomfortable.
I have a Large and it's a bit tight. I'm 5'7" and 175. However, it's comfortable and will be a good undershirt. Recommended for what I paid - $9.99.
A little too small in the crotch area
Perfect for kids costume party where dad wanted to participate without trying too hard.
Comfortable. Would buy another one. Follow the size chart from seller. There were some loose threads, but overall, a good item.
Very cute & made of quality material.
Sturdy construction. Secure closure. Holds well.
I was doubtful about the quality of this shirt. Would it be too thin or would the design be poor quality. Got it for Halloween and been wearing it consistently for the last 8 months. It's one of my most comfortable shirts and it still looks new. No issues with the design fading, chipping or bleeding.
Comfortable,wish they were a Lil longer they slide up
My only complaint is that the entire torso region is short. I wouldn't be able to wear it in public. Anything larger than a B cup girl would be spilling out everywhere. Super cute though!!!
These socks of soft and stretchy. I've had some before that are super tight and uncomfortable. These are very comfy I can wear all day.
My granddaughter loved it so much !
There's a reason I stopped wearing one of these years ago. To be effective, they are impossible to get on and forget going to the ladies room! I will wear only when I have to for a brief time.
Warm. Comfortable. Only giving it 4 stars is because of pocket quality. Pockets aren't deep. Anything can slip right out. Should've been zipper pockets.
Love it but part of chain broke
Jacket looks and fits well. However, the down does come out quite easily. I still would buy this for the price though.
Like the colors. Like the coverage. Dislike the folds on bottom kind of random.
Love this shirt. Although the stitching is not the greatest. So comfy and cute
The product itself was well-made and felt fantastic. The only gripe I had were in the sizing. At first I ordered the XXL, but the top was too tight in the shoulders, and the pants were tight to the point I couldn't sit down in them but the length was perfect. So, I returned that one and got the XXXL. This is where I was frustrated. The length of the pants were almost 6-7 inches longer, though I could sit down in them fine. The shirt was also better, slightly tight when zipped up, but all around good enough to wear comfortable. The variation in the sizes, mainly in the pants, were my biggest issue that kept me away from giving it 5 stars. Others may not have had issues and it's all according to body size. Maybe I just have a weird body lol. But either way, definitely a good deal and product, and if you do have to return it, you can get your money back minus shipping. The XXXL was free return shipping though for some reason.
It's a beautiful skirt. Very rich color but it runs small.
color is more bold than I expected but I like it otherwise.
If you have larger breast go up a size
It feels good but loose around shoulders. Length is good though
Very thin material, but super cute and fits just like the size chart shows.
Got the red. Very pretty flowy sleeves and wrap ruffle bottom. Sized up thank God. Very itchy nylon material. Pretty see through. Zipper in back. Not stretchy. Not bad not great.
too small for my body shape - I LOVED the fabric and quality - but I did have to return... Seller was prompt and swift with refund.
I like this wallet. Besides my driver's license, I carry about 10 cards; 3 credit cards, 1 debit card, Starbucks card, SSA/Medicare card, 3 health insurance cards, and a promotional card from a local bagel shop. The two pockets for cards are tight. I was hoping for a little more room. Nonetheless, I like this wallet; it appears to be well made. I've been carrying it now for one week.
husband liked it. true to size. if you want baggie order size up
Can't really complain about the shirts given the low cost, but I did end up deciding to cut off the crisscross strings and turn it into a normal t-shirt. The strings drooped in an odd way and were not pulled tightly across. I love the shirts much more now that I cut the decorative strings off.
Card slots are large enough to hold a card w/o issues. RFID works. A solid and functional wallet.
The lace in the razor back is very poor quality, it starts falling apart after only a couple washings....this product cannot be dried
Look great on the wife, but a button fell off first time!
I like the short but the material is weird and really stiff. I'm hoping after a few washing it'll get softer.
The shirt and hat are great! The gloves are HORRIBLE (see attached photo) There was no way to make them work, so I had to buy different ones, but I found affordable replacements that work well so it wasn't a big deal for me. The quality of the shirt is great but it does run small, my son is 10 years old and a large fit him perfectly.
The color is not accurate. It is a brownish green. It is heavier than most sweaters.
This jacket is extremely cute. Love the orange accents. I did order one size up per the recommendation of other reviewers, and it fit well. The area from armpit-to-armpit appears to be the part that makes this coat run small. One star off because this jacket reeks of (potentially harmful?) chemicals. I feel like I need to hang it outside to let it off-gas.
These socks are nice and colorful but I misread the title and thought these were in men's sizes in which I wear a 10, so these fit smaller than expected since I am a man and these are women sizes. But I still wear them.
They look great, like in the picture, but they run a little big. I would probably recommend buying one size smaller than what you usually wear.
Very comfortable and warm for cold weather running. The zippers keep my keys and ID in the pocket, a good idea if doing body weights with a lot of movement.
Very good quality and work well. It's a bit difficult to get them on the glasses, even with two hands. But once they are on they stay there. Look good.
Seems like it is made well. Not crazy about the ribbon to tie the bow, but still cute
The pants fit perfect but the shirt is so huge
I got a large fist perfect except for chest area way too big
Comfortable and flexible
Well made, but a little tight at top cuff
My fibromyalgia has made just about any bra uncomfortable. These work great when I don't want the girls swinging around town.
I love the accessibility of the feet and the feel of material. However, the 6 to 9 months size fits more like 3 to 6 months.
I love the the fit of these! I bought them in February, where I'm in a cold climate and they're great. The only problem is, as I saw in a reviewers picture, is that they're a little see through. Like cheap, forever 21 leggings or something. When you bend your knee you can see your skin, and consequently, probably your panties/derrière. Only reason I'm taking off one star. I wish they were a little thicker.
These are comfortable, well made shirts. However size up, since the shirts will shrink a lot when dried.
I ordered these pajamas for my soon to be 3 year old grandson. He's just starting to wear size 3 clothing so that's what I ordered. The bottoms were not too bad, but the top was very short. I'm returning them & ordered a size up. I love the pajamas, the quality, the colors, but I recommend getting one size bigger! I would have given these a 5 star if the top wasn't so short
Luv it! But I should have ordered one size smaller, as it runs lil big. But I like really loose tops, so no complaints. Would have given 5 stars if I ordered M instead of L.
The top has a bit of elastic backing that keep them up, and then you have to wrap them around and tie at the bottom, but they look great, just a little cheap, but that is fair for the price.
These underwear do what you expect and they are very comfortable for the price they are listed at. I was surprised with how comfortable they are. They have not passed the real test, which will be how they fit after being washed. If they fit with the same comfort, I may have to come back and revisit this initial review.
Got these for a fun beauty evening with my daughter. The designs on the masks are awesome!
I HIGHLY recommend these socks. So easy to put on you'll be amazon. No more pulling the heal in. This is my experience only, yours could be different. next time when you sign in to Amazon, Sign in like this https:// www.smile.amazon.com with every dollar you spend a portion is given to "The Ethical Treatment Of Animals. Amazon cannot advertise this call customer support. If Amazon does advertise this I never have seen it. It cost you the same exact prices on everything at amazon. con. Just add the word smile.amazon.com or call Customer service. Please
I like it but definitely a little tighter than I thought it would be. I am 5'11 175lbs and usually right in between a medical and large so I get large and shrink them down. This doesn't have any room to shrink so probably just right as long as it doesn't shrink during wash.
Cute crop top. I ordered a 8-10 as I'm pregnant and don't want this too snug. Fits loosely on me and I am 5'4 about 145lbs currently at 22 weeks pregnant. If I wasn't pregnant I would of ordered a smaller size for a more snug fit.
Comfortable. Fit as expected. Very pretty
This dress is beautiful! We followed the ordering size chart, and it is somewhat small in the chest area. Everywhere else fit great! The fabric is soft with little to no stretch.
Beautiful shirt with nice embroidered details. On the thinner side but that's kind of what I was hoping for so that I can still cover my arms when it's warmer out. Unfortunately, the large is too large for my build and makes me look like a tent. 5'6”, 165, busty with strong shoulders. A medium would look more flattering. The shirt is made so loose that I believe I could fit a small, although that would mean a much more snug and sultry look.
Cute and the color was bright! The bracelets were super tiny and not comfortable to wear but everything fit great!
It's actually really pretty. I think for the quality though, it should be priced a little lower. The material is really cheap. Also the pants on me are a little too big (which I can understand because I am very short and thin) but the top is almost too small which is weird. I feel like I wear is without an undershirt my boob is gonna slip out the side. But again, it's really pretty. The blue is a bit darker than the picture but still gives off a great Princess Jasmine/Genderbent Genie vibe. Hope this helps!
Cute jumpsuit, can dress it up or down!
Love these dresses. Wish they were a tad longer on the sides but overall very comfortable and cute for summer wear. I wear mine with a t-shirt underneath and find they have plenty of room. I have these in several colors/patterns. Caution: wash gently in cold water/like colors and do not put into dryer.
Great quality for a reasonable price.
This suit seems like great quality and would be super cute! I'm just too long in the torso for it to fit properly.
I'm a thin, athletic female, 5'9" and 130lbs. I usually wear a small or medium. I ordered a large and they are tiny! Equal to an American small at least, maybe an extra-small. I should have gone with size extra large. Holy smokes, these run super small. Otherwise I feel the quality is really nice! People pay $15 for much cheaper quality at Victoria's Secret. These are better in my opinion. Just don't ever put undergarments and especially lace through the drier. But you know that already. ;)
Fits well, would be better if the touchscreen enabled finger fabric went up over the fingertip.
I like the color and material of the shirt, but the length is a bit short for me. I bought for dance and fitness classes but I can only wear it to tap dance class since we're standing the whole time.
Bought this dress for my sisters 8th grade promotion. She loved it! It fit about right she is tall and thin I got her a small size. The sleeves are a bit loose but I believed it's because she has small arms... but it's a beautiful dress. I got like the red color. Not the bright red.
I really like this hat. I have a small head so it's hard to find hats that fit nicely. The only problem I have is that because it is small my ears aren't tucked away in the hat. But that's probably because I'm so use to over sized hats.
Very soft and warm but runs really large!
Really cute, very comfortable, modest neckline. Only issue is it's a little see-through (which I expected) so you have to wear white underclothes with it. I foresee wearing this dress a lot :) I'm 5'7”, wear 12 in pants and 185 lbs- large fit wonderful.
Poorly fitting & ineligible for return. Don't waste your money. Updated: company reached out to me to make this right. Better situation.
great colors the fabric is just a bit cheaper than i thought it would be.
These worked well for DDD but we did use 2 of them on each side as they were thin
I like these. And I purchased two pair, but for reasons that only Amazon may know, I had to get them from two different sellers. The two are absolutely identical, except for the seller, so I know not which pair came from which seller. 4 Stars is because the velcro on one side of the waist on one of the two pair separated from the shorts. It ripped loose most likely because it was sewn on too close to the edge of the piece of velcro. I had to replace with another piece of stick-on velcro, which I stapled on temporarily until I get motivated to sew it on properly. (I might do it now while it's on my mind???)
How long is going to take to refund my money?
The accessories were very cute but, it said it would come with ten pieces, I only got nine. The wings I got also started to break easily. Overall, though missing a piece, the set was cute and I would buy them again.
I wear these under light weight cardigans, not flowy at all
For the price, I really appreciate these shoes. I have been getting compliments for my red sneakers nonstop since I've been wearing them. They are lightweight and very comfortable for my wide feet. Having said that, I did not give five stars because I could tell that the soles will thin out fast and this pair may not last me long. But if you are looking for something lightweight, comfortable, attractive pair of sneakers, these are perfect!
We got the outfit for my nieces 1st birthday. It is adorable!!
It really doesn't look anything like the picture.
I love this top. I have received so many compliments. The color, fabric and fit is great.
Great leggings,soft and comfortable, Not see through. But when I placed my order I ordered two pairs of leggings.I Recieved one pair of leggings and a pair of legging shorts?
purchased this sunglasses twice... same exact ones and both lost the right screw :( very disappointed...
Love the vest. Wish they came in more colors i would buy more.
My daughter wanted a Llama party for her birthday, and this was perfect. It's really cute and soft, but a little expensive in my opinion. Everyone loved it though!
I wanted a much smaller wallet and this one is working just fine. No issues with quality.
A little too shiny but suitable. Not a true US military style buckle or web but similar.
Bright pretty swimsuit. the cup pads are too small and in the wrong place as other reviewers have mentioned but I just removed them and them and it works great
Top is a little big while bottoms are a little small but still super cute.
Its pretty but the arms are a little short
I have no problem with that top.
Needed the color love the feel of it.
Took forever to get here, didn't pay attention to where it was coming from, but quality was fine.
I love it and so do my cats. Only problem is that the poofs fell off but it's not a big deal. Overall great
Love the style. I went a size bigger just Incase and glad I did. Great business casual shirt
Love this shirt. Very affordable considering the fact that I saw the same design for $90. Can't wait for it to get a little warmer so I can rock it. Nice material but the ruffles do not stand out like the picture do and the tail is not as long as what models shows but still stylish. Will be ordering in other colors.
The body suit fit perfectly. I am 5'7, 144lbs and the shirt was snug but comfortable as I wanted. The only thing I don't like about it is the clasps at the bottom are a little to hard uncomfortable in the crotch where the snaps are. Other than that, good product, especially for the price.
It's just as described, the color is off white, just like the picture 👍🏻 Very comfortable
I ordered a size large after reading reviews to size up & im glad I did! Still could've gone a size up to get the baggy T-shirt look I was going for. I was hoping for a loose fit tee to cover my butt to wear with leggings and sadly this was not it. However, the shirt looks cute with jeans.
Very attractive but makes my tummy roll appear larger. Best for women with flat stomachs.
I'm 250 5'11 and they fit just right
Covers and lifts. Comfortable but after a few days I didn't want anything pressing on the base of my neck (a little further down) just got sensitive after a while. It's a back up bra since I can not wear it all the time. Could be just me.
These came a little large. Although i didnt measure my hand before i bought then. I come in at 6'1" with a fairly sized hand there is a lot of room to spare.
Good nursing bras. Run a bit big, in my opinion.
So comfortable it makes putting on a regular underwire or push up seem like torture and gives such great shape and support, they are all I ever want to wear. However padding bunches up and gets misshapen very easily.
I like the sweater but it smells like oil. I washed it and the smell is still present. It's tolerable, especially since it is warm. It is a good value for the money. I would certainly recommend.
Shrunk after washing and drying.
just like the pic and true to size
The socks are very good quality, the biggest problem is they are very difficult to put on. I bought these for my husband, who is in a assisted living facility, the staff do not put them on him because they are difficult and time consuming to put on. Any suggestions on making easier to put on?
It's comfortable and convenient to feed baby. It's tight for me but they sent extensions which I could wear otherwise I might not wore it. One uncomfortable thing is that pad is moved in bra somehow after wash. So I just got rid of it and put cloth instead of.
Not bad looking but the top part us all jumbled together. There's no opening at the top as the picture shows.
It delivered on time. Looked great
Size is great, spot on for me. Very soft and buttery similar to the popular, Lularoe brand. Length is perfect, to the ankle. My only complaint is they are not squat/bend over proof. You can clearly see through them. Wearing with a long tunic shirt wouldn't be a problem though.
These are very good quality but they are too big for me. I wear a size 14 and they were very baggy. I returned them. If they would have for good then I would have kept them.
Not as big as I wanted, but works fine.
Its has a nice feel to it, but the card slots on unpackaging were all a bit tight and can still be a nuisance at times.. still working it in. Would be a 5 star review except for the tightness. I will say though that I have alot of cards in my wallet, and 3 with rfid protectors and got them in. They come out a little easier each time
Very pretty, unfortunately fit was tight & gave it to my niece who was very happy with it.
My package was delivered today at the wrong apartment building and my super take it to my apartment
Really like the belt for the price. I have been wearing daily for a couple months now and isn't showing much wear.
Grand baby loved it and that's all that matters
It's a bit large..... the top is, the pants fit as expected. I love it. It's comfortable and fits under things easily.
I got several of these, in different colors and sizes and loved them. In fact, I wish I had gotten more! They are just the cutest, good quality and function. The only downside is that the zipper part rolls by the neck unless the fit is exactly perfect.
Nice shirt but is a solid brighter red, not a heathered red tee.
The top is itchy around the band so it's somewhat uncomfortable. The cups are a little large for me. Love the bottom.
Nice casual slacks that fit and do not wrinkle.
Fits great. 2 for 10, awesome deal. Keeps my pants tight and firm all day. The ends of the belts broke off pretty quickly, though
Comfier than I thought and sizes differ from underwear
Love this dress but it's a little big. I'm 5'7 130 and ordered a small and it's pretty baggy at my lover back area. Probably will need to sew it before I can wear it
The dress is almost a little too short and the top was too big, so I'm thankful for the straps! It's not as flowy as it is in the picture, but it's still a super cute dress that's great for layering. You get what you pay for, and considering how cheap it is, I'm impressed overall. I've wore it a few times, and it holds up nicely!
See through on the pink colors. It's not cotton. It's a soft synthetic material. Good for summer wear, because they are light soft ands stretchy.
The straps would not stay up very well and the bust area was larger than the rest of the dress. Other than that great product.
Very nice quality. Pretty color and fits perfectly!
I'm so satisfied with this - I ordered XL, I'm 5”2, with 40c chest size, it fits well
Feels great, recommend
Very comfortable ,breathable material. Will be great shorts accessory and keep private items private.
Ordered as a gift. Quality and comfort was good with no complaints. Great price too.
this is a quality hat fits well. it was shipped in plastic bag which was placed in a beefed up paper envelope. Hats should be shipped in boxes cost you a star
I like the shirt a lot. I only gave it four stars because I was expecting a deeper red color.
The hat is nice. It is a little small and maybe I should have ordered a size larger but it still is okay. It is stylish enough to wear for business purposes or everyday. I
A little bit and boxy but it's still cute! I'm hoping it shrinks a little as I wash it.
Second order for me - I like their socks and boxer briefs - good fit and quality
Cute shorts but 2 sizes too small.
I'm 5foot and I got a medium. From the comments I thought it was super short but it's not. It is thin so I have to ware a shirt underneath/spanks. It was expected. Only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I received it with a stain on it. Something black of course. Hopefully I can get it out of the white dress but it was unacceptable.
This would be a five star rating if it looked like it does in the picture. It is not even close to black. It's tight, but it's a comfortable tight. If you have problem areas, such as love handles or lower back, you might want to go up a size or two.
Feels a bit synthetic but my boys LOVE it
Nice Glasses just what I was looking for
Light wait,great for summer time, good choice of color
Just a little small for me, but I can't blame anyone for online shopping sizes since I'm a chunky person. The material of the shirt is also a little weird, but I bought it for working out/pole dancing purposes so I also don't mind that.
The sweater vest is very attractive, but it does fit snuggly. I ordered a size up based on reviews, but it still was too small. It's stretchy, so if you like the fitted look it's a good buy.
I've been buying these for more years than i can remember. These are great shorts, I buy 100% cotton in all clothing I am able to. One star off because the cotton fabric will wear out at rub points between legs, butt, etc. faster than I'd like, but that is just 100% cotton for you! It's the price I am willing to pay to not feel polyester or nylon against my skin.
The quality and fit was better than expected.
Like it so far but took forever to arrive. Was intended as a gift, didn't make it for the holidays. Came from China.
I honestly thought this would be cheap and she's wear it once for birthday pics but it's actually nice and fit good
I needed a new sun hat that wasn't super floppy and this is great for that. It has pretty good coverage for my midday walks and doesn't blow up or into my face in a light breeze. It does fit a bit small and has a seam right in front that is uncomfortable on the forehead and leaves quite a bump because it fits small.
Fits as described, I'm 5'4” & 150lbs, 4 weeks postpartum. The shirts are soft and comfortable. I did not care for the sleeve inside each cup, I wasn't sure if the breast pad should go in it or not. I wore it on the outside of it and it was just in the way. Otherwise, very comfortable & convenient when nursing!
Two small for my husband's head.
Very cool lookin and the material is great. Overall, good product at a good price.
These are HEAVY t-shirts, which is good if that's what you want. I got them mainly for the collar, since most t-shirts have saggy collars after awhile. These collars are almost too tight, but they definitely won't be sagging anytime soon. They also run small. I got x-large, which is about the same as large in other brands.
Love the feel of these socks, they are very comfortable.
My 2 yr old at the time wore this, I ordered a 2T it was a little roomy. She is also a little on the small side. Probably would fit an average size 2T child.
My sister in law love it the fabric is very smooth and the colors are beautiful😍
The vest is slightly big. Bought for a cruise with professional Santas and he plans to use the vest during his Santa season.
It fits, but I got a small, and I have to tie a knot in the straps so that the neckline doesn't drop to an "inappropriate" level.
Ok this replaces a custom ordered wallet from over 10 years ago. When no one was making this style of wallet. I only have 3 complaints about this. First and foremost there isn't a ring in it to connect the chain. It has come part twice now. So that is going to have to be replaced. Second, I don't really like has it connects . It has to go on a belt loop instead on my belt. Third, and this seems to be the case with all of this style of wallet. It might be made to go in either pocket. But it is set up for a left handed person I believe. It's inconvenient and a hassle to turn it around to open and get something out. Just my opinion
good fit and comfortable
Great piece for the cost. It's a nice sturdy camo but also light enough to wear in the summer/fall with quarter sleeves. I plan on spicing it up with pins and patches maybe a little sequin.
as age creeps up i need socks that are not too tight but stay up.this product does the job perfectly.although it is early days yet i believe they will do a fine job.
Great material! Feels soft and sturdy. Husband loved it!
It was a little larger than expected but it was the perfect base for my Yoshi Halloween costume!!!
This shirt looks just as it does in the pictures! Very pretty and I loved wearing it towards the end of the holiday season. Felt festive but not too, and I plan to wear it again over the holidays this year!
I like them. They are much more breathable than the knee high style ones. Your feet don't sweat near as much with the blend of cotton on the bottom. They also don't get holes or run easy like typical pantyhose knee highs. But they do cut off circulation by the end of the day, around the ankle, leaving some swelling. They twist often throughout the day as well, showing the bottom of the sock. I wish they were longer too. Seems to be for a smaller foot. But overall, I am pleased and ordered more.
I love this dress! As a woman who is 5'10" it is hard to find a dress that doesn't hit shin, but this goes down to the floor! It does pool a bit so I have to pick it up to walk but I don't mind that. I probably could have gone with a smaller size as it does have some stretch to it.
So many different colors! I've got one to match everything in my closet
The top fits perfectly but the bottoms fit small but still looks good
Was a good fit, price was good
I wanted tight fit cover and this us the one tight fit to my sneaker. Sole have groove but it is slippy on wet tile, metal plate and etc. it is silicon material characteristic. They may be able to improve if they mix other good grip material use on sole but i guess the price will be increased.
Nice compression shirts for a great price. Colors are good and the fit is great. Good looking shirts!
I didn't receive the mask I ordered, but, the mask I received looked awesome.
They are not what I thought I was buying but got them based on the design being almost identical to the crew steel toe socks I was trying to replace. They are a little longer than traditional crew socks and are very comfortable. We will see if they can hold up like the steel toe socks
The dress fit perfectly. It fit according the the size. Also an advantage of the dress is that it has pockets. The pockets are actual functional pockets. The dress is also long enough to be a long dress for taller girls. I highly recommend this dress. It's a good deal for a good dress.
Sizing is not correct. Most of these were way too tight and got thrown away.
It was nice for my size.
Very cute and soft.... Got it as a gift and my friend loved it!!
Not a bad hat for the price. A little flimsy but overall not a bad hat. I did enjoy the color.
The shirt was great, a little bit small but overall a great shirt
I bought these for my 10 yr old granddaughter. the bra shelf is perfect for modesty and for layering as well.
Wish they stayed up higher on their own a bit better. Otherwise lovely
Looks expensive, but unless you are sewing a veil or something onto it...it's hard to make it stay on the head. Badly designed loops to put hair pins through... doesn't work. It IS gorgeous and looks like better quality than it is.
I was nervous buying a coat online, but I am very very pleased! My daughter loves it. It's very cozy and attractive. I do wish it was a little thicker and warmer but overall a good coat .
Alright for s cheap costume
So so soft and comfortable. I sized up from what reviews said and ordered a medium instead of a small and it was WAY too big. I returned it and waiting for the small to arrive.
Keeps the wind out and also keeps you warm
More like a dress....I'm 5'10' 145 lbs and it goes to my knees.
Ran a bit smaller than I thought so retuned. Nice Sherpa pull over!
Was a gift. My husband said it was just what he was looking for.
It does not stretch much, So it keeps everything nice and tight.
Love it!!! Its the correct size and it has adjustable straps everywhere (even around your torso) to provide a perfect fit. Exactly as pictured.
These are amazing!!! They work!! The only complaint I have is that they're probably not going to last more than a couple wears.
Touch screen fingers don't work, but they're so warm that I decided to keep them
Product is nice love the feel very true to size
Ok love the way these fit. Soooo comfy! But they did not proved any sort of tummy control. Still very happy with my purchase.
Bought this for my Mom who wanted a light weight hoodie. She's super happy with it.
I got the black one with 3/4th sleeve in size M. Its very stylish and fits perfectly. You can style it formal as well as casual. The material is a litter thicker than normal t-shirt/top material. I liked the lace detail in the bottom of the top.
The jersey fit great and it arrived on time!
I'm losing weight. This is my third belt of this model. The 50 inch and 46 inch belts are gone and I now have this 44 inch model. Yeah me! The only thing is both previous belts broke where they rotate to reverse the belt. I repaired them with Gorilla glue and lost the reversibility function. I did drill five extra holes in each of the larger belts to wear them longer and I will say I stressed the belts trying to get the most tightness out of them. I am on the second hole in on the current and 44 inch belt and it is holding up well.
the arm bands needed to be hot glued as they will never stay in place with how they are designed but over all the costume was great and combined with the mermaid costume we got from amazon (boobs sold separately) we won first place at the costume contest on Halloween!
Credit card holder is excellent for 6 cards maximum. Room for cash and receipts is limited but certainly usable. Color is as shown in the picture. Some fraying around the leather edges upon arrival. Overall, a definite upgrade from my trifold back-pocket wallet.
I returned it because I ended up not needing it. It was a bit snug but I would have kept it if I needed it.
To be fair, I have a small head. So I worry it's too long and slouchy. But I've gotten a ton of compliments and my husband likes it (he's super picky) so I'd recommend it
bought for grandson.
This didn't hold up quite as well as I had hoped but certainly got us through a season!
Cute dress- think of it more as a dress to be used for normal wear than as a dress up dress. Have a 5 years old - a little too big for her but she can grow into it 😊
I love the shirt and have gotten many compliments
These caps are just what I wanted. The fabric is a cotton stronger than other material.
love the shirt, but the logo doesn't have staying power. fades after just a few washes and no dryer usage.
The color and size is as expected. The material feels supple enough to be leather, so I am not sure if this is leather or leather-like. The only reason I gave this a 4 start is because of the flimsy material of the lining. But I like the way the lining is removable from the bag. I am thinking of stitching a replacement lining using the current lining design. Or get one of those portable bag inserts Amazon sells. But I love the bag. I bought the red and it is a beautiful red. The bag is airing out at the moment to get rid of the slight smell (as mentioned in the description).
I'm 5'7 and 176 lbs, I'm thick at the shoulders are arms, I ordered an XL, the shoulder area and arms fit nice, the mid are is too big, I'm going to have it taken in. I think if I had ordered a Lg, the shoulder and arms would be too tight. I bought a Shirt clip to adjust the waist area from looking too wide, too big
They are alright. I should have ordered up a size. Soft material and it should wash and wear well.
Super cute. I bought the square tags as well. The address part is pretty small so I will most likely need to type up a label and attach it. I have the disney hard case and used another disney tag, and plan on using these on a black carry on type bag and my travel makeup bag.
T shirt fit as expected. Nice thick cotton that didn't fade when washed.
I ordered this in a larger size and it still fits a little smaller than I wanted... but I am still wearing it! It is a great top!
The material is a bit thin, but it fits overall pretty well. Not sure if I can use it for yoga, as I'm afraid it will slip up when bending forward.
Love the thicker shoulder straps for support, fits as expected and the color is great! My only complaint is that after a couple of washes, it seems to be pilling a bit. Still love it and will be ordering it on another color as well!
Great product. Giving it 4 stars because most of my bras are a bit wider and although these fit into the hook and eye the strap itself was a little narrow. No one will ever know.... it allows me to use great bras that were too tight
Z87 rated. That's what I was looking for so I can wear them to work
Very comfortable and flattering!
I love it. Its the right length and the lace detail on the back adds class the what would otherwise be a very simple top. Its very flattering to my curvier shape without exposing to much. I highly recommend it and would definitely buy it again if I could get more vibrant color block options for the same price I paid for this one. I didn't give it a 5 star because of the color choices and I took a chance on this green because of its price.
I ordered this item on June 22nd. After two months, I still have nothing. I emailed the seller and there is still no answer. I don't know how to get my money back. Hope, this comment helps... UPDATE: The seller sent me an email, they offered to resent the item with a gift, but I missed the email. This was my bad. Anyway, since I do no longer need the item I did not want them to resent me. Thus, I don't have any idea about the quality of item. However, I am updating my review and my star for the item belongs to the seller, not the item.
Very long. Had to get them. Comfortable.
Item is large for its size originally, but after a wash and dry, all is well. He's happy and so am I. Not to mention, he's adorable in it!
These are made pretty well. The sizing was a little snug to how I expected. The rise is nice though they hold me in like shapewear.
I bought both the black and grey versions in size medium. I imagined that might be snug but not uncomfortable (postpartum tummy). I'm am losing weight and didn't want to chance the large being too big in a few months. However the black fit as expected while the grey is tighter. I'm keeping both as I do think I can wear the grey, I'll just have to wear tops to camouflage the muffin top it creates. I am 5' 2” and they both go to just below my knee and they fall from the waist nicely with good draping. For the price, these skirts are a good deal depending on what you need (and if the sizing works). I needed basic neutrals in a fabric suitable for work. The fabric isn't super great, but it's comfortable and seems durable. Jersey knit skirts are great but they often don't pair well with a blouse in dressier fabrics. I also needed skirts at or just below the knee so I could comfortably wear them to work. I can mix and match enough tops with these to be able to get a lot of wear out of them without tights and still look professional/business casual. But I can also wear these in the cooler months with tights and/or knee boots. Without tights I can wear a dressier shoe like a kitten heel or wedge. But I can also wear less dressy sandals. I hope this review is helpful.
Although the item itself fits very small and short through the inseam, it is good quality material and appears well made.
First of all, I love the black twill button up style. I just wish it was a sturdier fabric & that there was one more button at the bottom! Aside from that, I'm pleased. I ordered a size 9 for a comfort, and it definitely is comfortable. I would probably get the plain black next time, the black twill fabric is just too similar to a jegging material for my liking (hence the 4 stars)
Pretty good fake, u get what u pay for :) Didn't come in a orange box but it's okay
Cute coat. Sleeves are a bit short 😔
Loved this gown! Got it last minute for a wedding and while it was a bit long it was gorgeous. Did have an issue with the chest area however. I'm an extremely busty girl and had a bit of an issue with gaping, presumably because it runs larger than I️ expected in the bust. All in all, love it and will order again from this vendor!
I am a size 20 pants, 40D bra, and 1X tops. I bought the 2X, 18-20. The swimsuit top fits pretty well, although the decorative straps are a bit too long. I'll just cut and sew them shorter. The black t-shirt fits really well and I like that it's long. However, the shorts, although adorable, are definitely an 18. So I'll pair it with different bottoms until the smaller ones fit. Good quality. I do recommend it.
This sleepwear fits me perfect!
Quality built and fit , bright white
Soft and super comfortable. Larger band around the bottom. No underwire but still supportive
Its really very pretty on. My husband loved it. Looks just like the picture.
Did not come when expected came the day after not bad, fit was fine I gave it 4 stars because maybe I was expecting too much but didn't change my stomach look at all I am guessing my gut is too hard so can't blame shirt. If you have a mushy gut probably will work a lot better on you then me.
Thigh highs that barely reach my knees, combined with the fact that they feel like torture to get over my calves, but I don't hold it against the product, nor the maker. I am 6'3, and my legs are freakishly strong/muscled.
I like the fact that the crown is adjustable though it is still a bit snug on my very large head.
Well shipping was very fast and came on a appropriate package. Only sad thing is that they run a little big, keep this in mind if you decide to get one but as for the quality it's great and I love the style. 4/5
It is confortable to use around the home.
Nice material and zipper, a little larger then the picture.
Great workout shirt. The front is significantly shorter than the back but the shirt is comfortable and well made.
Perfect to expectations.
Comfortable hoodie. Runs extremely small. The colors look muted. Like dark charcoal with faded coral pink sleeves. It has a slim fit in my opinion. But I found the fabric was stretchy feeling.
My son was thrilled to receive this shirt. I knew that it would be a bit big as it is an adult S, and he is just getting into a YL. However it still seems a bit bigger then I anticipated. The material is a bit thinner then I would like to see also. However, my son loves the athletic breathable stretchy type of clothing so it suits him just fine.
Fabric is hot....wear in colder weather
I gave only 4 stars because I would like to see side pockets with a zipper and 3 pockets on the back like all bike shirts. Beautiful colors. Fits well
A bit see through, has to wear a slip
Few minor issues with the top when received but since I can sew by hand it wasn't a huge deal. Had to pull out 2 layers of padding on the nose area of the mask for it to sit right on my face.
In all it's a good product it does what it's set out to do, but the zipper broke on it making it hard to zip up and unable to use.
The bras came in perfect condition. They weren't wrinkled as I saw in other people's reviews. It fit great. The only thing I had a problem with was that the bra doesn't push them up; It squeezes them together.
Very cute, but runs small!
A little small through shoulders. But I can wear it. Thank you
Love the color and comfort of this robe. Perfect for summer or locations with warmer weather when you don't want a bulky robe on.
Husband likes the way they fit and they look very nice. Not too tight and not too baggy
Exactly what I expected. Fits really close to size but on the small side. Order larger if in question, great quality though.
I ordered a size up and got a 3x and probably should have got 2 sizes up at 4x. It is kinda form fitting but it comfortable. I am on a weight lost journey so I don't plan on needing bigger so I will keep it and get some good use out of it.
These pants are very comfortable. They're a little more loose in the lower leg part, but I love the little peep at the bottom. I can't wait to wear them!
Exchanging for med, when usually fit small, small was somewhat tight, but looks nice, gives me more cleavage.
I was not sure about the size but it turned out true to size and looked great with leggings and boots. Love the color combo too.
I really like this shirt but it runs very big!!
Super cute and soft! Our headband arrived bent but we don't have time to exchange it before halloween.
Decent underwear for the price. A little restrictive side to side which worries me for how they'll hold up. Tagless is definitely a plus. Medium was right for my waist but a little small for my thighs. They didn't shrink too much after the first wash.
I really like this shirt. It fits nicely and is comfortable.
A little bulky at top but still a great hat
I gave it as a gift to my husband. He says they are nice and very warm.
I'm going to preface this by saying that despite the color mix-up I am going to keep the dress! I was town between the green color that I ordered and the light blue one I received, so it works out either way. The dress is absolutely stunning and fits perfectly, and the fact that it has a good quality full lining is amazing. It does wrinkle easily, but it's nothing that a quick steam can't fix. The top is also a bit low cut, but the stitching at the center of the center is intentionally left loose so that you can adjust it to cover up a bit more. At 5'3 the hem on the Small is just barely touching the ground when I wear flats. The sleeves are flowy and flattering and the dress itself is nice and breathable. When I feel like it Iwill 100% order the green one I originally intended.
The socks are a little large for me but I expected this since the size is "S/M". The only thing that bothered me was that there were no washing instructions included (wash: cold/warm/hot ... line dry or machine dry (cool/med/hot). Would still like your wash/dry recommendations but I'm otherwise happy with this purchase
I really like the pattern of this dress. The length makes it easy to wear to something more dressy. It is really comfortable and easy to throw on and look out together. I really prefer dresses with sleeves and sometimes they are hard to find. My favorite part of this dress is that it has sleeves so I feel more comfortable and confident.
The extra small adult is perfect for a slender 12 year old.
I am 5'4 and 125lbs. I ordered a size small which was perfect. This top will go great with skinny jeans. I ordered the blue with flowers, as I don't really own anything with flowers on it. The flowers are just ok, wish they were more clear or less blurry but it's not terrible. I wouldn't purchase the flower design again but I am definitely interested in buying more in just the solid colors.
The jacket is too short. Yes, I'm 6'2", but I followed the conversion chart.
This is perfect for my purpose, smoothing my figure under lightweight dresses, barring one general issue with the type of item. Why are women's only options in one piece shapewear crotchless or stripping down to use the loo? There has to be a better way. Outside of that, it's light weight, comfortable, and eliminates jiggles and sheer fabric issues.
My wife felt that they were a little to big. Even that's is her size. Other than than very well made and she say that they feel comfortable
I think is a good quality and fits just right. However, after wearing it once the bottom part it stretched so much at the bottom that I was scared my vagina was going to show. I use the top with other bottoms.
I do like the quality and I like the style of leather. It was nice having that little tool to be able to take the pins out of the watch.
Love this top! Really cute and a nice fit. I'm 6' so I can never find cute shirts long enough. Still having my postpartum belly it's hard to find a flattering fit. I wish it were maybe an inch longer, but it still works! I ordered a large, I'm roughly 160lbs and 34DD
Nice hat but the band around the back should be black, not yellow. It looks weird when my son tries to wear it backwards.
Little big but nice, the material is very comfy. I just think it needs a little flag in the front or maybe a pocket! Definitely a great buy!!!
I received the wrong set of colors, but it was a minor disappointment. These are great if you're on your own weight loss journey because they're inexpensive and comfortable. They do feel a little thin, but I don't mind. That just means less visible panty lines!
Worked great for my tea party.
Was hoping it was a bit taller. My last wallet was a square and I like that design. This wallet is shorter with the same amount of storage so I am not mad... still like the square look however
comfortable, stay in place.
Got it for a friend for christmas and she seemed very excited about the scarf! I don't know how warm it will be but probably perfect for Texas weather. Definitely happy with this purchase.
Good price. Zipper sticks a bit.
My son wore this shirt for Dr.Suess day at school
Fits true to size. More on the casual side as it is a soft material that is lighter weight. Very comfy but not super business-y. It works well with dresses and short sleeve blouses but due to the tighter arm fit, not so well with long sleeve tops.
I just received this case a couple of days ago so really haven't had a chance to evaluate it yes. It is good quality and is compact so it will easily fit into my purse. So far I like it very much and would recommend it to anyone who wants to protect their credit cards within a compact, zippered case.
Cool blouse it can be worn as casual and or dressy.
I bought it for myself but it was too small. Fit perfectly on my friend that normally wears a large in dresses and is 5'2. Almost impossible to find a bra to fit this dress because of the cut so don't plan to wear one.
Pretty good t-shirt, fits great, but the picture could have been larger.
The metal coins jiggle OK. The fabric looked thin. But so far nothing is broken. The downside is it got weird smell out of package.
Only gave it four because it's a one size fits all type of scenario and they are too big for my hands making the touch pad pieces pretty much useless to me
Not my favorite summer dress but it looks very good and is well made.
Very sturdy glasses with fab design
I love the look of the shirt, but definitely made in China. I got a US XL and should've gone one size up. It fits and is really long which I like, but a little tighter than I would prefer around the torso. Sleeves were really stiff and scratchy until I washed it a time or two. Overall a good shirt for the price.
they were for baby shower gift but they felt durable and well made
I like it. Rides down though, like the opposite of wedgie-shorts. Have to keep pulling them up. Covers my muffin top but doesn't restrain it. Maybe I could have done with a smaller size but they are comfortable and have pockets.
Definitely runs small. We bought the 4-6 for my 4 year old who wears 4t clothing, it fit perfectly!! Cute costume! Wish it was glow in the dark.
They are super comfortable and soft but they are still too see through than what I was hoping for
Wearing it today for a Downton Abbey Tea at our Historical Society. Love the look
These are gigantic! They are very cozy and stretchy and they feel nice, but I was hoping for something with more “support” for my changing body.
Everything was great except the straps fall down a lot (because of the low back most likely). I'm gunna have to rig a way to keep them up since I am extremely pregnant and have to handle a toddler this summer lol but overall I'm happy with the purchase! Plus everyone thinks it's super cute and funny lol
As someone more on the curvy side they do fit my waist perfectly just they're a little to short for my liking.
It is a good quality sweater but it is so big on me . I ordered a small and it fit like a bigger medium
The material is a silky fabric and runs small. Other than that the stitching is nice quality. I was looking for something a little longer to go past my shirts. Will be nice for post pregnancy.
This shower curtain is good to use for a very short time around the holidays. It is smaller than I expected. It is not the whole length of my shower, but it works without getting water everywhere. The picture is a bit blurry, but overall it is a cute and adds some good Christmas spirit.
Wears out quickly after three washes. Definitely too thin to wear alone. Works fine for under wear.
Very comfortable, love the color
Very cute and well made but way too large.
I normally wear a l or xl but ordered myself an xxl since I was nervous ordering from the internet that it's be too small. Fits perfectly, comfortable! However, just read that it is 100% cotton, afraid it might shrink when I wash it.
I am happy with these socks.
This is definitely extra big. I wear a 7 7/8, and this is a nice fit. Most other hats that claim to fit all are always way too tight
Exactly what it says. The polyester is a bit more slippery than I'd like but overall a good purchase.
Ordered up for layering purposes. Worked perfectly. Thin. Exactly what I was wanting. Would purchase again. Wish there were more color options :).
Bought for my infant and my 3 year old for Christmas. They look great and fit well. The cuffs are a bit tight but I think that's purposeful and they didn't leave any lines or make them uncomfortable.
I like the dress very simple, comfortable. I only wish it was a little smaller in the opening of the arm. It shows some of my bra.
This onesie was as expected. Great for the price! I used this for iron-on vinyl and it turned out great. 4 stars because I was expecting this to be similar softness to canvas Bella T's but it's more regular T-shirt material. Not scratchy or itchy by any means. Maybe my fault for assuming. Regardless good product for the price! Size reference: Picture my 5 week old, he weighs 13 lbs and can wear newborn although it's on the snug side.
Snug fit, but may be may not work with poor circulation.
great socks, only problem is that grandkids want them!!!Thanks
Great product. Keeps my shirt tucked while at work.The only downfalls are: one of the buckles fell apart and had to fix it on my own. The buckles are starting to rust, but that's to be expected because I am wearing them for long hours. Overall the product does it's job, and doesn't damage my shirts.
It's nothing like the picture although it is worth buying I love it, it's comfortable. Looks good on any body type
fit is a little larger than expected, but still comfortable
I absolutely love this dress, but the only issue I had with this dress was the zipper. It was incredibly hard to zipper up, I had two people plus me working on it. I almost gave up when I pulled with all my might, and it finally went up. I would love to use it again, but I think I'll take it to the dry cleaners and see if they can fix the zipper. But it's a stunning dress
I got these to go to a concert. I like the length of these shorts (they're not too short) and the shorts were comfortable. Other people asked me where I got the jeans, and were surprised when I said amazon. Got tons of compliments on them. The only reason why this product didn't get 5 stars was because the quality wasn't great. The material is thin and you can tell upon wearing it that it's made cheaply. I got a small. I'm 5'3 at 110 pounds. It fit perfectly.
Great fit very comfy only thing I did not like is tht it took to long to come
It's a nice mask. I wear a 7 1/2 new era hat. And this mask hardly fits me. It's snug but that's they way it should be. This is the 2nd one I bought now. The Velcro ripped off of my first because of my big head
Much thinner than I expected, no as large either, but it pretty
I ordered a 3X to fit my bust and I couldn't be happier with it. I too didn't realize the material wasn't cotton, but think this material is better - it won't wrinkle, is quick dry and lays beautiful. This is an empire waist on me - I wear a 38/40 F. Will be purchasing more
Great look and feel. Mechanism works beautifully. Was disappointed that width was less than expected.
Good Product that is designed for what it says, as sleepwear.
I have a not so traditional shape (not an hourglass), so I could have gone down a size. I went according to bust size, but I have small rib cage, with a straight figure.
I bought both the black and pink at the same time. They arrived and I put the pink one in first. I loved it. The material is a bit thicker and had structure. Then I tried on the black. The material is very different; it is super soft. I like the qualities of both honestly. The functionality seems to be great. I am a first time mom and am trying my best to prepare for my hospital stay. These will make me feel a little more girly and modest after the birthing process.
Nice and light. Not sure about snap instead of button, we'll see.
I like it but the real test is how durable it is we will see.
Beautiful saree, perfect for causal n party wear.
This bra is great for strapless dresses or spaghetti straps. Seeing bra straps drives me crazy, and the bra fixed it! I will order them again but will order a larger size, they do run small. I gave one to my friend daughter for her prom dress and the support made a great difference.
Just what I was looking for. Super comfy.
Nice but thinner than expected.
I used this t-shirt dress as a bathing suit coverup. But works as a casual dress to wear out.
This is suit is so cute! The color was vibrant it was comfortable to wear. I ordered a M and it fit nicely but it is like a thong. I didn't like how the liner was visible in the butt part but overall I didn't mind it
I am not much of a sweater person. the fit was comfortable. not skin tight. sleeves were long but fit nicely when raising arms
Fabric is great, design also. It's a bit small on me in torso, but there are extensions included in the package. So Al in all good product
I wear a 8.5 shoe, these socks run small but the rubber tread works great.
Fits well, and it's not too thin of a fabric.
Love the masks....they are a very good fit!! Simple and elegant. The only thing was that they arrived a bit late.
Super cute and flattering but a little shorter than I wanted it to be.
Lovely shirt with sequence
Easy for my son to put on over other clothes. Great buy for classic Halloween costume
These socks are cute, comfy and warm. I just love the designs with their great colors. They launder easily, washed with my other items in cold water. They help make the dark winter mornings more cheerful when I open the drawer to select what pair I will wear for the day. Totally worth the money as they are never itchy, and I am sensitive to wool. These quality socks will last all winter and beyond.
Appear to be fine. Reasonably comfortable.
Good looking, but not sure about the quality
Good quality...only criticism is the color. Doesn't look anything like the tan pictured. Replaced ancient cover, like the leather. Very soft, well made. Supersonic delivery in one day!
The outfit was beautiful. Slightly small, but you can fit into it. I would recommend to my friends!!!!
good material, thick and had a lot of support my wife said
A little loose up top, also be aware that the fabric bleeds after getting wet, so only wash with blacks/dark.
The costume was good for what we needed it to be. It fit well and looked funny. The only drawback was when the metal ring around the waist came undone and it was a problem to get it back together.
Wallet came in great packaging and functions as expected. I have my drivers license and about 8 credit and insurance cards in the wallet. I keep my main debit and credit card in the easy access outer cardholder. In my case the money fits in the wallet well and does not stick up above the wallet's lip as some have said. Good product at a great price. I would buy again.
I love this scarf. It's very soft and warm. The quality is very good and after I folded it, it's very small. It fit the small purse after folded.
It was a little smaller than I expected, but I used it to go to a concert and it worked out great it holds ID and a few cards also has a small middle pouch and ended up being perfect size to fit in pocket and didn't need to carry a purse.
Cute but did you ever try to get a 5 year old into tights in this HOT weather!?
Shirt if lightweight but sturdy and solidly woven. The material is snag & abrasion resistant, but very comfortable & breathable. Worth the money.
I didn't like how it fits on my waist
Happy with the hat overall. I have a big jug head so I wish it would've been a little bit larger.
Very cute outfit. Got a lot of compliments as we use this for my sons first bday! I will say it for too small for the size ordered.
I bought this to keep my curlers in place and so that i could wear an eye mask to bed, as the rollers didnt work well with the strap. I have mid length hair and use mid size curlers, but when i first saw this cap i thought it wouldnt fit the rollers. was surprised to find that it did, with room to spare. It is a little tight around the head, but I dont know my head circumference so not very helpful. I dont think i have a thin head or a bulbous one. Either way, the tightness is tolerable and i usually dont even notice.
This product is great for someone that works in dirty environments looking to protect their credit cards from becoming damaged/destroyed. This product is also good for a working professional, as it has a very sleek look to it. I give this product a 4 star review based off its size, protection of personal information, durability, cost, space for cards and the many color schemes available. This wallet is comparable in size to a normal size wallet or billfold, and it fits into your pockets easily. No matter your choice of dress, this wallet will be easy to conceal. This wallet is made of stainless steel; however, can endure being dropped, stepped on and open/closed repeatedly without being damaged. This wallet easily fits up to 12 credit cards, which will also allow room to carry some cash if needed. This wallet comes in several different color schemes; therefore, making it appealing to men/ women. The cost of this wallet is reasonable and economical. The wallet also provides protection from those looking to steal your personal information. I was also very pleased with the quick delivery of my wallet after ordering online.
It's little loose but looks good though
I bought the blue print and the print covers up the fact the suit is a little loose in the bottom for my slim hips. But not loose enough to make me return it. I'm 5'6" and weigh 130, with a 36C bust, 30 inch waist and 38 inch hips. the medium works ok - the small would be too small in the bust. For the price, this is an excellent suit. If I tighten the straps I get pretty good support. I love that it shapes me a little without feeling like spanx!
great fit. too long for me personally, I'm 5'2. other than that super cute and comfortable. definitely will purchase in other shades.
I got a lot of compliments on this.
This bra is really comfortable and fit as expected. The only down side is it's underwire. I knew this when I ordered it and it's not bad normally but if you become engorged it can be more painful (no more so than any other underwire). It's each to nurse with and feels like a much more expensive bra than it was. The slight padding is nice. Very happy with this bra and love that I got it in 2 days.
Easy and comfortable to wear, once you figure out how to get in. The mask only has a front side, held to the head with straps. And the eyes on the mask are see through somehow. Easy enough to see where I am as long as it is bright enough (it doesn't take much). Overall, a good value and looks pretty good.
Just got these yesterday - Jan 9. The quality seems good for the price I paid. Fit is comfortable and the material seems decent. I will update this after putting the gloves to some use
I like them, but fit some what on the smaller side.
Bought it a size smaller so it actually shapes me up love how it works...but too short curls up from my thighs only if it was a lil longer it would be perfect.
Bought as a gift, friend loved it and fit as expected.
I love how this looks! I use it to workout. And it's so comfortable and flattering
I purchased this as a gift for my husband.
It's a cool looking shirt but the material is rough ... not soft at all
These flannel pajamas are warm and have a cute paisley pattern. They were a little big before washing, but now fit just right. The only annoying thing is that the front bunches up behind the buttons and buttonholes. I don't want to have to iron my pajamas!
This little bag was lovely. Great color, good quality. Unfortunately, I returned it because it was simply too small for my needs.
Great looking Henley. Great material. I am only giving it 4 starts because it runs VERY SMALL. I am 5ft and under 110 lbs and the medium is fitted on me. It is a narrow fit in the sleeves and every where else. So it is a great Henley but not for comfortable hanging around.
The socks could be a little longer.
Words cannot express the luxury of carrying around this bag for 2 days and making travel an adventure then an endeavor
I love the Gi itself. Great feel and fit. The color is exactly perfect. The only complaint I have is that it does not come with a belt for your top so I had to buy one.
I was nervous ordering a dress online. I am 5'2 and wear a large with a DD chest so it can be very difficult to find a dress that fits well. I was very pleasantly surprised by this dress! It fit great, it is very flattering and even has a bit of stretch in the material. The dress is not only stylish but also comfortable. So glad I bought it!
It's cute. Fits cute.
They are good socks for training/fighting on a mat. They make pivots a little easier on the soles of your feet. I have a feeling the soles won't last a super long time however. Also since they are neoprene sweat tends to collect in them so turn them inside out after using so they can dry.
My knit fabric dress is backless and this is just what I needed to lift my boobs and smooth my pooch! I read the other reviews and ordered down 1 size. I wear a 38D bra and size 10-12 dress and ordered the 36D. I fits pretty good. I put my dress on over it and it did smooth out my lower pooch just enough to fool the eye. Now, it isn't the super stretch material you get with Spanx, but it does the job. And, I don't have to wrestle with the self-adhesive bra since this covers the breasts, too! Excuse the lumps, but I thought somebody might appreciate seeing this thing on!
Super cute glad I got larger size because it fits smaller
Please, advice me, when they are less expensive.
I keep two or three pair in my car, pockets of jackets, etc. They are warm and allow dexterity in zipping jackets etc. For most of the winter it is all I need. I hate bulky heavy gloves that in most cases your fingers get cold in anyways. Unless you live in the Arctic this glove is all that you need walking to and from car at work, the mall, etc. I even hunt with similar gloves - they allow heat to easily move between fingers and in my view keep my fingers warmer than big bulky gloves.
Worked great! It made walking in my poofy mermaid gown so much easier. I took a star away because the seam where it fanned out is a bit itchy.
This ran a little small, but served the purpose for what I was looking for.
I usually order 14 or 16 in jeans and I got the 16. They fit well and a 14 would have been too small. The fabric is thin and has a good amount of stretch.The wash is kind of dirty-looking otherwise I would have rated it higher. I don't mind some sanding and fading but these will only be good for casual looks, not with heels as pictured.
The reviews say to size up and happy I did because the large fit perfect. The material is like a silk stretchy type wish it was more like a cotton feel.
They look like they're more expensive. The only downside is that they're a little bit heavier than I thought they'd be.
I usually wear a XL in tops and 18 in pants to accommodate my hips, so I purchased the XL based on size charts. At 5'5” this is a great length on me for leggings. It is a little baggy on the top, but very comfortable to have actual sleeves, as I don't care for when women's shirts half the shorter sleeves. Only complaint is the white is practically see-through, I would be willing to try another color for the price.
Not a thick material, but looks as if it will work for keeping dry.
I felt this ran a bit small, but still fit ok enough for me. Great for the price, I own 3 of these. Pads that came in the bra have absorbed all my leaks.
This underwear is very comfortable. The added area for your package is also very pleasant and the wife agrees as well. The style seems to be more like a bikini style since the band on the side seems a lot smaller then in the picture. Otherwise I do enjoy this product though.
This dress is very pretty, but it's not flattering on my body type. I'm 5'8" and 140 pounds.
i love these socks. they do seem to work for me, as far as less pain and more energy. i really would have loved a bigger variety of colors, though. i received 2 of the same color, 2 times.
I normally fit a medium it was a little small, but mostly at the bottom. I got white so it was see through
Great so far! Will need to know how they stand up in the wash. Will more than likely be ordering more.
Love EVERYTHING about this, even the weird boxy shape of the top, EXCEPT the really weird decision to put more floppy lace on the sides, around the armpits...it may work for someone with a large chest, but I am super small and I wish they had simply left it out. It looks so awkward and ill-fitting. Thankfully, I can cut it off myself and it won't look as weird as the original, lol. The outfit is so cute it is worth modifying. Love the fabric and colour.
size is right for me and it works as expected
This dress is lightweight and super comfy! I have already purchased it in other colors. I haven't washed it yet, but the fabric seems delicate, so may need special care in washing. Great price and great value!
This hat is bigger than I expected. I am a small woman but since the description included "girls" I thought it would be on the small side. It is not. I can wear it but it is a bit big on me. If I had to describe it I would call it a womans medium. That said it's a nice warm hat, and cute. It's not top quality, the stitching where the knit meets the fur is a little off, but it's fine for the price and probably no one else notices.
It's definitely big! I always buy the regular size beanies but figured I would try this out. My head is around a 7.5, it's not too tight and keeps my head and part of my neck warm. Has a cool pattern making it different from most other beanies and that's what I like. It's a good buy imo.
I like the length of this shirt. It is easy to throw on over a pair of leggings with a scarf and look put-together. That said, I expected this top to be thicker for $20. This is not comparable to a pullover sweater, unfortunately. Better price point would have been closer to $15.
They are a very beautiful pair of denim overalls. I love the design. The sturdiness of them. I just had to exchange them because they run small! Otherwise, they would have received 5 stars from my review.
Great fit. Not too tight and not too baggy. Great for wearing to the gym.
Really comfortable pencil skirt! It has stretch to it so makes it easy getting in and out of vehicles. My only complaint is that it road up a little when I would walk so I had to tug it down a lot. Not sure if that's an issue with the skirt, or if it's my body shape. For reference, I'm 5'2" and 135lbs.
Nice product check fit a little tight
Love how soft they are and comfy will wear all winter long! The M fit my hands great.
Good quality and light enough where I felt comfortable hanging above my child's bed. I took away one start because it doesn't provide you with any hanging options. I had to cut a small slit on the top and I was able to use a hook.
Great price good product, but lost a star for the extended amount of time to deliver
Cute bikini hut the tip was weird with how its cut/fits and almost had nip slips all the time!
Great product for the price
wear this with the hanes sweat pants other wise you look stupid, the sweat pants with this looks hella dope.
This cut is a keeper! I received lots of compliments on the suite and what it did for my cleavage. I am 5' 7" 160# 36C/D and ordered a large and it fits! I like that this suit has moderate coverage without being frumpy. The black bottoms fit nicely and don't cut into my thighs or stomach at all. The top is adjustable with a halter and a back strap. If you tighten the back strap, it opens up the front making the top more revealing. My only complaint is that there isn't much support. The top is padded but not supportive at all. This is a great suit for lounging but I wouldn't pay volleyball in it.
Very cute dress. I'm regularly a size 5 and the small fits good. The hem hits me a little above the knee. Very flattering dress.
I haven't worn them yet, but assume they'll fit nicely.
My previous review informed people that while I'm more of a US 10, I had to return and downsize to a size Small. I just wanted to update that the company reached out to me and updated their sizing charts, so if you are viewing this after June 14, 2019, the sizing has been updated! They aren't necessarily the greatest smoothing control when you have loose skin, but if that isn't an issue with you, these are really cute, and I love the flirty strap flare on the backside that sets them apart from other workout shorts. I use shorts primarily for pole fitness, but as well for cycling and occasional yoga. No ride up, no risk of butt crack exposure with the cutout. I think they are worth the price.
It it light weight and see through but cute
I'm 5'8", 165 pounds, usually wear size 6-8 jeans, 36B bra and I bought a large this time. I LOVE the bottoms of this bathing suit - so flattering, comfortable and pretty. The top is not as cute - I'll wear it, but if I find a better top I'd switch it out. I think it's too big on me (I could have used a medium if they sold sizes separately, especially since I've got bigger/ athletic hips and legs, but smaller bust and waist). The top seemed not as well made, either, with strings hanging off, and one side of the top was ruffled and the other laid flat (it's hard to describe, but it made the top look very strange). Overall, it's a good bathing suit. 5 stars for the bottoms, 2 or 3 stars for the top.
Just needed a larger size. The length was great because I'm tall. The cut is great, and the fabric is NOT forgiving. Just be alert.
Absolutely love this. Fits perfect. Length is amazing. It's kinda see-through but I can fix that. Just ordered another one
Beautiful design. Seems well made, but the leather is very thin.
These are fairly long and comfy. Not see through as far as I can tell. My only complaint is the waist hits right at my belly button which is a little awkward.
I went two sizes up on purpose. I like them but wish waist was a little higher to avoid a little muffin top but that's my own issue. They do slide down a little and could hug the ankles a little more since I am wearing with ankle boots
Love the design, dislike the material and it fits small
It was as expected, no thick but not paper thin that you can see through, very good fabric, good for all seasons if you don't have crude winters. It fit good still when you have hips, I have 120 in my hips and I got the one size no the plus one but it fit me as a glove.It isn't long if you are y'all more than 5'5" it fits half leg.
The item fit well and was received in a timely fashion.
Super cute and fluffy, the bone on the collar was vertical instead of horizontal.
The jacket is very warm. I ordered a 2x after reading the reviews. It does run a bit small, but the 2x fits well.
Keeps my feet warm!!
I really like this shirt and the pockets. If you want to cover up any weight on the belly, this shirts for you. I don't like how it fits with my jeans but would look super cute with black leggings or a skirt. I'd but it again.
My son enjoyed his socks, he had crazy sock day at school. The only thing I didn't like was that one pair looks more for like a girl.
Great gift, looks forward to this set each year.
This fits great, actually quite easy to get on. I just received it, i'm wearing it for a Halloween Party in 2 weeks. Like the costume, but disappointed that the belt broke right away. Have to find something else for a belt. Otherwise it's cute! hopefully it will all come together for the party!
Very comfortable! The fabric is silky soft. My only complaint is that it fit larger than expected.
What a good shirt!!! It was comfy to wear all day without any problems! Fits well and soft material! Also, it was a good reminder for my students as they could read it all day and I just had to point to my shirt If they weren't being nice :)
I love these! I have had trouble with my toes crowding each other as I get older. I love to walk around with a pair of these underneath my winter socks! My toasty warm and separated! These were extremely good quality! They are noted and feel deliciously soft on your feet. I took away one star because that was an awful lot of money to pay for one pair.
A little small but showed off the girls as desired. It's not for out of the house type wearing so it's all good.
I like the colors and the length of this scarf!
Good price, geat fit, comfort & my wife loves how they look!
You get what you pay 4
Dress looks very cute. Pockets are awesome. The zipper scrunches a little weird when you move and its a spandex type fabric on top. Love the colors though. And looks flawless with a shawl on.
Happy with my purchase. Wanted a bargain & that's what I got!
The coat feels well made and the material is nice. Only complaint is that the cuffs are not waterproof or water resistant.
The leg things are too large compared to the hat.
Not used to winding a watch.... Shocked, I know.
The tights are fine - I wish they were a little bit thicker and a little more stretchy in length.
Great value for basically two belts in one. It's kind of between dress and casual though. Not very dressy.
Very comfortable. Good value for the price.
I thought these pants were going to be too small, but they do stretch easily and cover everything. The fabric is very hearty and thick, they feel very comfy and light.
These socks fit perfect!! They come to the middle of my thighs, I would say about 5 inches over my knee
I purchased this hat along with the black acrylic watch hat for my father whose head is on the larger side. The black hat was comfy and had plenty of stretch. This not so much. It's still a nice hat and the quality isn't bad, but it didn't fit like a large. I would say that this would be a good one to consider for a teenager that likes to wear tighter fitting beanies.
nice looking and they tuck down in my shoes but they are a bit large.
I think it will work for what l need it for.
Great looking hat. Only complaint is that it's shipped more securely in the future to prevent dents within the hat. All in all it is 👍🏻
A hair big, but overall a solid choice for a Christmas sweater.
I ordered the medium and they're a bit large on me. Rather than send them back, I decided to simply pull them on over my riding pants/capris. This way they don't need to be laundered every day.
Good shirt for the price
Everything in one place now - not carrying multiple units for different items. It is a bit heavy, but not anymore than the 3 things that it replaces.
I was disappointed that the shirt runs large. I have to send it back.
It was FAST! They were a bit larger than expected but product was good.
my top didn't seem to fall the exact same on the top, not as low cut which isn't as flattering. very light ad breezy
Material is subpar but looks nice and the fit was a little bigger for 2X
Very nice material and the fit is great. My only problem is how long the sleeves are. I will have to alter them.
Great for the price but it is a bit generic. The elastic in the top of the shorts bunches up - but I have a 4 year old son who loves basketball and he thought this was the best thing ever. :-)
Comfortable, works great, sadly a little tighter than I want. Of course I have large hands so it's good.
Just a little large but they are real comfortable but they are real comparable do you suggest I get a 38
What I like: size fits loose, the shirt is not see-through. What I do not like: The shirt has quarter length sleeves when rolled down, not long sleeve like the product name said. I will definitely sew the sleeves up to the buckle, they do not stay rolled up because of the material. I will keep the shirt because it works well as a short sleeve.
They fit great. They give me extra grip on the mat and feel secure on my feet. One minor drawback, though, is the lack of breathability on the bottom of the sock. It began to feel noticeably wet on the sole of my foot inside the sock after 1.5 hours of training. Still worth it, I am a very sweaty guy so it may be different for others.
It fits well in the breast area and around the rib cage. My only complaint is that the straps on the top of your shoulder can roll a bit and it shows a lot at the top of tank tops. But its comfy and very very supportive.
The overalls were too small for me but the seller responded quickly and helped resolve the issue.
Fits well. only that am overly itchy when i remove it at the end of the day
Bought these socks for running and working out. The snug fit band on the arches of the feet are great! They aren't too thick and they stay in place!!
Gloves are very soft & warm. The only negative is that the fingers are somewhat tight. I have small/average sized women's hands. That is my only complaint.
This dress was really pretty, and the quality of the fabric was amazing for the price. The overall fit was as expected; however, it was way too long for me . I am 5'5” and it drug the ground.
Nice hat. After wearing it a few times the clasp on the chin strap wouldn't hold but I was able to tie the strap. Collapses flat which is nice for storing or putting in a suitcase.
Look great. Nice material
These are gorgeous. The color and pattern was true to the image. The pants are cozy and soft, they're also flattering in areas. They are very thin, so they are not forgiving in the areas they don't flatter! I like a bit of thicker fabric to shape my stomach. They are very long so take that into consideration on the type of shoes you want to wear.
Decent fit if you hang them up and air dry them, I put them in the dryer by mistake and they shrank two sizes.
Really like this product.
runs a little small. order a size larger
Love the x back, the padding is soft and adequate but medium is a tight fit for 34D. Not particularly the band as that stretches, but the cup size has too much side boob exposure, doesn't provide full coverage from the side. Nice fit for cleavage though.
I forgot they come in a 2-pack so I was surprised when I got two in the mail haha its a nicer case then what my sunglasses came with, much more protection although this case isn't a super hard case it does the job enough for me. My ray bans fit in it just perfectly, I am worried that any other large lenses like Aviators might not fit perfectly but you can manage to squeeze large sunglasses in it.
Nice my daughter loved it
Very soft and comfortable
The results are in: regardless of what the internet said, husband prefers Tommy Johns much more than CK. Same with sisters bf. So there ya go.
The pants fit properly and they're comfortable, but they're made of a material that feels similar to canvas instead of cotton. It makes them seem thin.
The jacket says 3X on it, but fit me around the arm like a small.
Came right when expected. Smelled like hot glue lol but it was beautiful.
I love this keychain! It goes along really well with all of my other keychains and looks great. Though it is a bit smaller than I was expecting, I like it a lot. Now that I put it on my lanyard, it looks good and I think it would look weird if it were any bigger. I can't say whether or not it scratches easily because I just got it a bit ago, but I think it should be ok. Great quality, too. It doesn't feel cheap at all.
May return for an exchange. The tips are too large in the knees. Entire knee pops through
I really liked the look of this dress. The color was beautiful but the fit was definitely small and the fabric really had no give so I sent it back. But I would consider reordering in a larger size if I have another event in the future.
It really protects me and it's not as hot as my other hats!!
I don't like the bow on the tutu .it's upside down to me
Nice quality, but smaller than expected.
Just got em and washed them, they seem quality, though they fit a bit large on the waist (def larger than Hanes of same size).
I'm giving this 4 stars only because I'm not a fan of the material. It isn't the soft cotton material like hanes etc. it's more of the cheaper type Jersey material. I'm 5'4, 34D, 145lbs and ordered a Small. It fits. More on the smaller hugging your body size, not too much. And length is good. Print is just as advertised and arrived on time.
it fits ok.. Wasn't what I was expecting.
Actually really cute, only reason it's not 5 stars is that you can't see the eyes through the fur. But otherwise it's adorable.
Nice shoes. They keep you warm in winter . The shoes are made of genuine leather and will not wear
Do not take the advice of other customers and order a size larger. Order your regular American size...
I would say that it is not bad pajama set in general. The material is thin, breathing for skin, good for sleep. I like the color - light blue/grey - good combination. The size fits well, but I would suggest not to take bigger size. I am medium or large sometimes, I took medium and it is pretty loose, not tight. The only thing I noticed from disadvantages is some threads which I can cut easily. I also hope it is good for washing machine. I think it is worth buying for those people who freeze at night even under blanket.
My daughter loves it.. she wears it all the time...😊
Size up for toddlers so lasts longer and fits bulkier clothes but love the color and works well so far for repelling rain and jumping in muddy puddles
Very nice socks but too small for my wide foot. I ordered large.
The bra is very comfortable and I appreciate the extenders that are included. The heaviness of the fabric make it good for winter but too too warm for summer.
Awesome shirt design. The shirt is a little thin, like it's probably not going to last me very long with the way I treat my clothes. Also it's supposed to be a large and tag says large but it's closer to an xl or xxl.
This bra is super comfy, it seems like removable padding should be bigger as when my breasts are full they look deformed.
Overall its pretty cute, the only thing is that its a little more of a coral pink than a light pink. Unfortunately it wont work with the outfit I was planning to wear it with, but I ordered another one in white. Its super lightweight and it looks good. I'm 5'8 and a size 1, I got an XL and it fits perfectly.
Definitely fits a bit large but that's okay! Very cute.
The shirts fit just fine and the quality is good but disappointed in the colors....I bought this pack at a higher price to get colored shirts and another pack at a cheaper price of bland earth tones, when both packs came in they were both browns & tans...I won't make that mistake again, I will only order the cheaper pack since they are the same product
Weave is very dense. It's very smooth. Some other pashmina type scarves I have the weave is looser.This is a good weight.not wimpy. And So soft. Drapes nicely. I have not worn it to see if it wrinkles but should flatten with hanging. Very satisfied. Thanks
If you have larger breasts the top does little to lift and hold.
The top fits great but the pants are not as long as they look in the picture otherwise they do what they're supposed to do
This a quality dress. However, I returned this dress because it runs a size larger and it didn't have the look I wanted. I would suggest ordering a size down. Instead of large buy medium instead of medium buy small.
Very pretty, great material, could have been a favorite in mind closet but was too long and large.
Quality of screen print could be better
Great goggles, love the look of them. Needed it for a costume and it was exactly what i wanted. The only downside was the lenses were very hard to see through, so I wouldn't be able to wear these over my eyes.
I bought this as a part of my Halloween costume back in October. I like it so much that I might start wearing it once Spring time rolls around and the nice weather comes back.
The dress fits great , fabric was a little on the cheap side but overall for the price it's worth the buy!
I like the product, but what I disliked that there was not a fit size for me, so the fit is a bit large. Aside that the color and texture is perfect.
My daughter loves these! Very soft and good size!
COTTON WITH NOT MUCH GIVE SO ORDER LARGER IF A QUESTION ON SIZE
Love all the pockets and a great weight for fishing in Alaska. I haven't found anything I don't like about the coat.
I love the look of this hat! You can turn up the brim in SO many different ways and it changes the look of the hat. The color is more like a deep, rich turquoise which is even better in my opinion. It feels a bit snug when you try it on, but that might be a good thing for a windy day. If it feels too snug, I plan on just removing the inner drawstring. I bought it for a trip overseas as the reviews said it was rollable and still maintained its shape. Will keep you posted. Love so much that I will probably buy another one in a more neutral color. PS I also sprayed it with my shoe/cloth protector to help avoid staining when I travel and the color stayed the same with no bleeding:)
I LOVE this sweater and will definitely be buying more when the color I'm eyeing is back in stock. It's comfortable and cute, and the fit is flattering. For reference, I'm 5'2" about 150lb, curvy/busty and the Medium fit like a dream. My only complaint is that the sweater is on the sheer side - even with the mustard I had to wear a cami underneath so you couldn't see my bra. Still, highly recommend and I will definitely buy again.
Nice Design well made shirt
I literally have five pairs of these leggings. They're so comfortable, and affordable but just like all the pictures I saw there were little holes at the top. Easily covered by a shirt, but like they're brand new, so come on. It was only the green ones that have a hole. I'm definitely buying them again. It's just a shame that there are little holes. Most comfortable pants I own though. I'm usually like an American Eagle, moderately priced buyer but for the cost and quality of these paints, it's soo worth it! Also I'm not super skinny, like at all and they're very very flattering.
Size seemed a little small
Good knock around the house shorts
FITS GOOD SOMEWHAT SMALL BUT ITS IS EXACTLY HOW IT LOOKS IN THE PICTURE. I LOVE IT
These were ordered as gift for our granddaughter and were opened today and were well-received.Very attractive footwear.
Length on my neck shows a little skin
Good for under outfit and strapless dresses, not so much for lowcut back outfits.
Fun dress for Halloween! Very comfortable and stretchy fabric, fit perfectly
Soft comfortable and amazing for the windy season
I like how soft and velvety these are, the material feels nice. I'm 5'2” about 122 lbs and the small size was a bit baggy on me and a little long. I had to pull them pretty far up but under a dress they worked pretty well.
Update: after wearing, I find that every time I bend over, I have to pull the panties out if my crack. Am returning. Love the thick material. Love the wide waist band and that it sits right at my belly button. Love that there is slight compression around that wide waist band. The butt and leg openings are a bit looser than I'd like, and there could be a bit more butt coverage. All six panties were exactly the same size when they arrived, and after washing and machine drying. No loose threads. Well made. I am 5' 8” and 165 pounds. I have a belly pooch after having two children 30 years ago. Ordered XL.
Shirt and pants fit great bought 3 pairs of the pants but my son got a hole on the knee the first night but didn't fall
This was a christmas gift 2017 for my boyfriend he loves it. Fits everything nicely! The color is a bit worn out and grey ish but you can still see the comics.
I got purple because I thought it was so pretty. I also got it in medium, but it's still big on me. I guess you could say it's one of those nightgowns where you can eat a midnight snack and not feel like a pig afterwards..
Beautiful dress, fits your curves perfectly
Idk why i expecred this to be an infinity scarf - probably because of the wat tge picture is, but; uts a very pretty, feminine and light scarf. I bought my 3 favorites and am happy with all.
This runs big. If you are wanting a fit that looks like the model, get what size your normally wear. The mustard yellow color one looks a little more gold than in the picture but still cute! I don't like wearing it as a tunic so I think for me, a medium might be a better option because it's pretty baggy. I have it four stars because it's comfy and looks cute but the placement of the pocket is off to me. I feel like it's too close to my armpit and needs to be a little more towards the center. That might just be the fit though that's causing that. So for a tunic, I'd say go with your normal size. If you want to front tuck, go down a size .
My son wears a 3T, I ordered a 4T as other reviews stated they ran small. They definitely run small! The 4T fits him just right! I am overall happy with my purchase as I really needed onesies that fit him!
Flattering. 1 less star b/c the cups are a little awkward. But this is not a deal-breaker for me and I still really like it.
They fit almost perfect! Just a little more low rise than I expected!
I like that this was easily trimmed to my personalized length. It's a bit thinner than I prefer though, I wish it was a little wider. Also the little loop that should hold the excess after buckling isn't attached. So I hung up the belt, didn't notice it fell off and now my cats have stolen and stashed it. For the most part I like the belt though. I really like I can make it smaller as I lose weight without having to buy a new belt
I like these - the colors and materials and that you can buy in a pack of 3, however the padding is a little off (padding doesn't stay in place, but is removable) and the clips are sometimes difficult to get off while breastfeeding. I probably wouldn't order again but they're doing the trick for now.
This was a cute set. My daughter loved it. Shes 8 years old. The size was pretty true. I ordered her a size 14 as she is tall for her age and it fit great.
Love the pjs but sizing is way off. Order a couple sizes larger than your size.
This top is super sexy and I have received a ton of compliments on it! Sizing: I am 6' tall, 165 pounds, wear a 38C bra, normally a women's size 10, and tend to have broad shoulders. I got an XL and it is perfect. A large would have been too small across the girls and my shoulders. Top comes with the straps in the bag. I haven't used them! I get so many compliments with them out I have just been too lazy to use them. I got the long sleeve wine color. I opted to wash it separately in cold water in a delicates bag. OMG the dye ran so bad it dyed the laundry bag bright red! It continues to run dye out with each washing so be aware so you don't wash it with other clothes and ruin them! That said the color is staying true on the shirt and has not yet faded. The material is soft and stretchy poly-rayon blend that is a favorite for me, so comfortable to wear. I'm going to buy more in one or two other colors and also the short sleeve version for summer. I recommend this with the understanding that the dye likely will bleed when you wash it! For that I rate it 4 of 5 stars! I hope you find this helpful, if so, please give it a 'yes' vote! Happy shopping!
I followed the sizing chart and the large ended up being a bit too long and a but too big around. I can still wear them for dancing, so it didn't affect me too much.
Great shoulder pads! They are just what I needed. Good buy.
Squeezes the juice out of feet and ankles.
Very cute. Too big for a 2 week old 9 lb baby though.
Love them! I am 5'3 about 139 and I ordered a Large. I have worn them for one day and they are def stretched out. if I order another pair it will be a Medium as you should size down. Super stretchy and comfortable materials. perfect for wearing to work with flats!
its large but its all k!
Normally wear a large, ordered a 2XL and the top was a little big but everything worked out great! I'm 180 pounds and wear a 34D. Got so many compliments!!
A bit scratchy, hoping this will get better after wearing and washing a few times.
Good product came in a timely manner.
Super comfy, but after 3 wears they are starting to get very worn looking and fabric is pilling significantly.
I got a size bigger than what I wear but it still fits good, not too big and it's comfy
These are adorable. I normally size up with tights to give my little one breathing room for an all day wear at preschool and this turned out perfect. I gave 4 stars because one of them ripped on the first wear. Otherwise, for day care/preschool, sand romping, dirt rolling kids, it's great. Also perfect for dressing up and providing warmth in cold months.
Love the suit, a little smaller than expected. A little short for a 64 year old, still going to wear it. I really like the fabric, almost silky. The adjustable sides aren't very long. Still really like the suit.
They fit well and wear well
I think it was expected except there is no lining in the cup.
very soft, good material. Does run a little short.
I'm 5'9" and about 175lbs. I generally wear a large, but wound up having to go up two sizes on this one to an XXL. The large was really short in the arms and there was no room for layering. The XL was fine, but I still found it a little short in the arms. The jacket itself is well-made and I love the striped lining. The XXL is perfect for me as the sleeves now hang past my wrists and, if it's a cooler rainy day, I can actually fit a sweater or sweatshirt underneath.
Good quality cami to go under a dress. Worked perfectly!
Perfect fit so far great for yoga. the only thing I would change is how far the back near the back of neck goes. I would like if if it was lower.
Great skirt at a great price
It's really not a swim suit because it thin and doesn't have any padding, but I use it as a cute top with the right kind of bra. I ordered a large according to the sizing chart and it fits. I love it as a shirt!
My grand daughter loves them
5'2, 140lbs (give or take) and this fit perfectly. Could not have gone a size smaller. The faux leather part looks a bit metallic in the picture online. The one that I received is not; this was a concern of mine when ordering.
Nice but fit is loose & baggy.
Great, nice fabric.Quick delivery too.
Super cute, quality suit! The top on the red is cut very narrow so you get some side boob action and I wish I had went a size down!
I like how this shirt fits. I am short but looks good.
some what pricey i think for a wallet but it has everything i needed to quit carrying my purse.. so far so good
Really soft and stretchy, but the leg hole seams do cut into the cheeks a little bit. Like others have said, the sizing consistency from pair to pair within one set is a little questionable, but not that noticeable for my pack specifically. One thing I will add though, is that liners do not stick to these at all and I assume neither do pads so maybe dont buy these with the intention to use them as your period panties
A little thinner than i wanted. But still nice socks
These are Great! Needed comfortable, elastic waist, jeans for casual work. I had to hem, they were very long. Easy fix.
Worked out well for a birthday shirt that you wont wear more than a handful of times.
Not as cute in person as it appears on the girl in the pictures, but sill very adorable and worth the money. I do love this dress, but would recommend buying a cute belt to pair with it as it makes it that much better looking.
They're warm and comfortable but don't quite fit as expected
Just in a smaller size
Overall I love the shirt for the price. However, it seems to be a size smaller than other brands of shirts I buy...afraid it may shrink after first wash.
I read some reviews before purchasing this and sizing down was good advice. I am 5'4", 125lbs and the small fit perfectly. It hits my knees and isn't tight around the waist at all. It's pretty cheap fabric, it isn't lined, and it wrinkles pretty fast, BUT it's a good price and the print on the fabric is beautiful, so it's worth it if you don't mind ironing a little. I've worn it to work for 9 hours, multiple times, and it's lasted through the day without me wanting to unzip it to let myself breath.
Pants are nice and fit as expected
Nice dress. Heavy polyester but tolerable. The issue is that it looked rich yellow on pics but it is a mustardy yellow color
Nice fit. Comfy. Nice quality.
SUPER cute, however, I do have a shorter abdomen so I should have ordered a size smaller but still it fits really good and is very pretty and a nice material.
I don't like or dislike the product as it was as I expected when I placed the order. It is a well constructed dress and the material is lovely. However I was expecting something a little more causal. MY mistake not yours.
I like it...very cute on
My grand daughter is 12 and loved the toe sock for her birthday today thank you
Good product just a faded black. Use them to work out in. Will buy them again
This pair of crotchless panties fits pretty well but I wouldn't fully trust the one size fits all if your any larger than a size 6. They're not that stretchy so I don't think they'd fit any larger. Other then that they're pretty cute, not amazingly well crafted but comfortable enough. You get what you pay for in this pair I'd say.
I bought this skirt in a pinch for family portraits. It arrived promptly. The skirt is well made and the color is just as described. The fabric attracts lint, dust, and pet hair and also wrinkles easily. I wear a size 14 in Lane Bryant jeans. I ordered the XXXL based on the size chart. The skirt just fit. I would not be able to eat a large meal...it is that snug. The length and shape of the skirt are delightful. It served it's purpose but I cannot see myself wearing it often due to the wrinkling, tight fit, and the way it attracts lint.
Thin material for the black ones at least. I have regular jean ones from this brand and love them. Super cute and comfortable.
Nicely made, quality item. Sizing was a little big, the small fit more like a medium.
This is a super cute suit. True to size. I had to return it because it was too big for me. I'm a size 8/10 I order big because many suits I find run super small! This is true to size so it's too big for me but I'm sad because the fabric is great and the colors are so vibrant. It would cost too much for me to get it altered.
I haven't had a new pair of socks for years. These socks are very warm but a little to large for me. In spite of that I am satisfied.
The material seemed a bit cheap when I first opened it but the 11 year old wearing it LOVES it.
It fits like a glove and is super soft.
I love this scarf and the material; however, the description states the scarf is 78 x 24 and it's actually 56 x 49. Kind of disappointed because I wanted a longer scarf.
Very soft, supple and beautiful leather on exterior. Gave 4 stars because interior leather edges/stitching is a bit ragged and it's unclear how this will affect the long term wear. Hopefully it lasts a few years. Paid $10.99 so it was a good price for leather.
Used for a summer picnic, loved the material as it breathes well
Love Burt's Bees baby products. Theybare great quailty. These booties have become a staple in our everyday wear for ny little one. They fit great and have a double snap for adjustability. My only complaint would be that the tongue of the bootie and the ankle straps are not connected fully so the tongue can slide down if not pulled up properly and the space may cause a draft I suppose. I put a pair of socks on first and use these as actual shoes, so its not an issue. I just wouldnt suggest using them alone in cold weather.
Love it but it does run a size bigger to look like in the picture!
I love this poncho because it is super cute and protects from the rain and kept me warm. However it is not breathable and I found myself soaking from sweat many times during summer rain showers.
Liked these ok. Good for my costume. They are not a true red really. But next to white, black, and cream they worked. They got loose as the evening went on.
These are great and very comfy... However I have them away I love leggings without the actual waist band. Not sure if that makes sense... But these have a waist band in that just squeezes my fat a little and makes me uncomfortable. Otherwise I would reorder these.
Really cute and my husband loved the surprise.
Its cute but the stitching on the left side is a bit messed up
The product fits as expected but the bottom thigh area was not big enough for me. I just felt like the opening for your private area could have been a bit more open. Otherwise the size and texture itself was great.
This tote is a great value, looks good, perfect size.
You get what you pay for, but it will be quite large. I have box braids and the wig fit over them perfectly fine with room still! So if you don't have a lot of hair, I wouldn't suggest it. But it works for a Halloween costume! Not long term.
Nice fabric, and the neck is too tight and hits my throat.
Nice wrap, but liked it in black better than camel.
Reliable cheap little tie!
If you're 5'2" you might need to get these hummed but they fit fine at the waste.
Stylish and comfortable for the winter
Hat looks really cute in person. Exactly like the pictures Is why I gave 4 stars. I didn't give 5 because the hat feels cheap made. The mesh back is kind of a hard plastic and not soft like most snap backs.
This blouse fits well and looks very nice. Sleeves are not too big, so they don;t get in the way when you have to do things. Overall very happy with this.
They were a bit small for the size.
clips can dig in at times.
The price was right the cap was not. The cap is to large for me and I would think so for most women. The fit gives me 'Dumbo' ears. The cap sits to low behind my ears; enough so that it bends them forward. Wearing it with a pony-tail pulled through the back is awkward as well. I think the description should not include women. The workmanship and material are good quality. I was worried the the cap would arrive crunched and misshapen; it did not. It was well packaged. This is a good hat, there is nothing wrong with it - - But ladies, give this one a pass.
I purchased this to match my little Elsa for Halloween. Nice quality for the prince. I wear a 12/14 and the XL fits me nicely.
This belt can go with anything. Easy to buckle, and doesn't slip. Nice and wide, fits over shirts, jeans, or skirt and blouse. Wore it with a dress and looks wonderful. Will probably purchase more.
Cute socks and I hope my boyfriend likes them and they fit.
Runs small but it was fitting. I typically order at least 1 size up but if I could I would probably order 2-3 sizes up depending on how tight you want your hoodie on you. I could only wear tanks with it because of the fitting around arms and overall body.
Came in very nice case with cleaning cloth - work well in the sunlight, puts slight glare on phone when outside.
It came as is nothing to flashy, nothing broken, etc. However had a weird smell, but a simple wash or two should fix it.
Got it for my wife. She wears it with dresses and skirts during summer. Very stretchy and feel comfortable. I took one star off because she says they are somewhat see through and she would not wear them alone, but its perfect for short skirts.
A little snug but not hard to get on or off (and I'm an old dude). Gave good grip on hard surface floor. I wear these or go bare foot indoors to avoid tripping.
They are super comfy.. just a lot thinner than expected... hopefully they will survive? Being optimistic
Thinner than expected and the wire is bendy but this product is very soft and comfortable. Pretty good for the price.
These are perfect. I've worn them at least three times all day teaching and they're just starting to show some snagging. Lost one star because they didn't offer a good size variety. I always buy one size up in tights because it prolongs their life but I had to buy these in my actual size.
It was as expected on size. Colors lovely.
These are officially my do everything in them yoga pants. lol they are so comfy and soft. I ordered a large b/c i am pear shaped but i probably could have gotten away with ordering a medium. They are solid and I dont worry about anything peaking through the fabric. The print is gorgeous too/ the colors are vibrant and not muddy at all.
Overall, I'm happy with this dress. Just a few things I don't like - first; the color was not what I was expecting. I ordered dark green, and in the picture it looks more of a deep, Forrest green. The dress that came just just a plain green. A little brighter than I wanted. But I'll still make use of it. Also - the length of the dress is not even. One side is SLIGHTLY longer than the other. You can't really tell when I'm wearing it, but when it's (straight) on the hanger, I can tell. Lastly, the material is a little thin. It doesn't matter much, and it's nice and light for summertime, but when I wear it with nothing under, my husband says he can see my thong. So I wear a spaghetti strap tank top underneath (the kind that's long enough to cover a bit of my butt), and it solves the problem. Overall, a decent buy.
It was exactly what I had ordered and I want to thank you guys for delivering it a little early
jacket is nice but runs small
While I like the socks themselves, after washing them once I pulled them out of the washer and they had pulls on the front of both socks--no where else! Disappointed that happened after wearing them once. The fit of the socks though is very comfortable.
Nice shirt for the price
Super cute but runs small. Size up and you'll be fine.
Awesome costume, especially if you're curvy. The only downfall was it is a little hard to zip, but not a big deal. If I knew this in advance I would still buy it anyways.
Comfortable and cute, just the way I like my suits!
I might order more shirts like this from this company. I like what came to me and hope, when it becomes a bit warmer, to wear it often.
Over all we really enjoyed the look of this product. I wish there was a better option for hiding the thumbs as it really takes away from the effect. I also wish they came in different sizes because for some people they were way too small. But really they look great and are pretty comfortable to wear as well.
This was a gift, but 5 year-old grandson loved them. His dad says quality seems to be OK.
I really loved the full length leggings so I thought I'd try the capri in the same size. When I received them they were slightly larger than I expected and they look gray and not olive. I like the gray color but I wished it was olive like in the picture.
My husband needs to wear loose clothing. These pants are excellent for that. I was glad to discover them.
These are very cool they worked but I would recommend putting them on a chubby baby they fit pretty tight
I am 160 lbs, 36DDD. I ordered XXL, wanting extra comfort in leisure wear. Two of the three bras (the black & white) fit beautifully and are so comfortable! The beige bra fits but is a little tight when I'm sitting watching tv or reading. I may try to stretch it out while it's wet and see if that helps. I have bought other brands of bras of this type and this one is superior to the other two. The pads may need to be positioned after putting the bra on, but they STAY IN PLACE! The shape is not too bad either! I would definitely buy this bra again.
Love the design. After reading some reviews that said sweater runs big I ordered a M and a L. I usually wear a woman's size 12. The M was too small and short. The L is slightly larger and longer. It stretched some after washing/air dry and has stretched a bit as most sweaters do when you are wearing it. I am pleased with the purchase.
I'm a relatively tall girl mostly made of legs, 5'9 120lbs, and these stockings actually hit mid thigh. Good material, will keep you relatively warm. After a while of wear throughout the day though they do start to slip
Cute but thin, need something underneath, fits a little big, I'm 5'7” and 150 and the large was too big, not flattering
Order a size up. Other than that, very cute and good quality for the price! Arrived quicker than stated
The widows peak is much more prominent than what they depict but other than that it's very soft and still works really well and is what I was looking for :)
The size was just a little small. If I had read the description carefully I would have noticed that the seller asks that you buy a little oversize. Other than that it's a very nice t-shirt.
I ordered a size up because the reviews said it ran small, this dress runs true to size, therefore I wear a large and I ordered an extra large and it was to big. I needed for that weekend therefore I did not have time to wait on another dress so I returned it. But it is a lovely dress but it was too big.
I liked the clip. Did not use headband
Looks great and functions great but the clip digs into my wrist but everyone's different so it might not be a issue but after a long day it hurts
Not bad for the price. A little boxy, not quite as flowy as pictured. But it looks cute on and is a nice light material.
They were a little small
very cute! a little low quality fabric but its cheap so what can I say. I wear it a lot though!
Ordered a large. I am 5”4 and 150 lbs and the top portion fit well but the bottom half was little large. May be cute with a belt.
Well made, and it's the perfect length.
Fit too small as expected. The quality is very good.
These are nice and soft, & the stitching is good, but they look like they will be huge on a newborn. I will throw them through the wash and see if that helps shrink them down a bit.
The style the size was perfect. I'm going to work on the wrinkles. I hope they come out.
As I tried this on I heard the seams tearing. I ordered a XXXXL and I wear an 20 in US SIZE. Thank god for good stitching. I thought I tore the mesh part but didn't. I got it on tho. Could be a little longer in the torso. I will probably use this for lounging and not swimming just in case something comes loose. All in All I'm glad I ordered it - pics posted Update: Do not drive in the water. I dove in the ocean and broke the strap. Casual swimming is fine
It fits great if I was a little taller but I'm 411 I have to get everything shortened. Other than a simple hem fits perfect
Love these sports bras and wear them all the time! They fit perfectly. Only giving 4/5 stars because the cups come out in the wash pretty easily.
I love it fits perfect and very comfortable but cute 😊
Love this swimsuit! Only thing I would recommend is to allow people to buy different sized top/bottoms. I bought a size that fit my bottom perfectly but my boobs were too big for the top and now I can't wear it unless I buy another swimsuit in a larger size.
The fabric was not what I expected and I ended up returning it.
I love the dress bit I'll have to get it taken in it's too big Order one size down. It's great quality- not cheap at all!
Cups fit well, but I needed to go up a band size. Very sturdy.
This top is so beautiful but the fit is way too small. I'm a size 4-6 and the L I ordered fits like a small. I was going to return it but it's too pretty lol.
Super cute and sexy, but then it got wet and stretched out at least 6 inches longer. Still cute regardless. Definitely wash before wearing to get out the chemical smell.
There is not a lot of support if the top is unzipped. Otherwise it's a nice bathing suit.
The belt was very flimsy but okay fir the $$
Love the quick delivery, and the dress, but the material is a bit clingy.
Love this nighty. Super soft and comfy. I have a fairly large bust but the straps and cups provide a lot of support!
This skirt is fun and pretty. I liked that there are several layers of tulle and you cant see the lining through it. I loved the color (Blue) and the fit was perfect for me. I didn't like that some sewing seams could be seen on the sides once the skirt was fluffed. I also didn't like the band around the waist. If I didn't want to wear the ribbon that came with it I would have to cover the waist band with something else. For the cost I think it could have been made with better finish. I used this for my engagement photos and I think it was lovely for what I needed.
Size up. The quality is definitely cheap but the side and the fit of the top is great. I sized up though. I have big arms so it's hard to find crop tops that fit me.
My son wore this set for a recent orchestra concert and got many complements and even got one for a buddy so they could both wear the same look
The bow tie was good.
This is a beautiful onesie but is slightly deceiving. It looks like it fully opens but it's just design . Just two buttons on the top . The color is so lovely . The material shrunk like crazy . I suggest sizing up . 3-6 month on my 4 month old barley fits now . So sad because I only washed it bc it originally looked so large and I figured it would fit. The material has almost no stretch to it. That being said I would buy again in a much larger size .
Very pretty just a little smaller then expected.
There's no side pocket on the set I got, I really need to read the fine print. It's a bit long, best suited for people taller than me I suppose, but the fit works and there's a half pocket that cannot even fit my massive amount of keys...
Took a minute to get them on and then they fell apart rather quickly. Definitely not meant for girls with a bodacious booty!
Runs small. Super stretchy but recommend at least one size up, especially if you're curvy
Great dress with pockets!
Could be roomier. Clings to my belly roll. But it's a pretty pattern with nice details. Good work shirt.
Love these jeans. Fit great and very comfortable.
Adorable hat! Still trying to work out the creases, as it was folded awkwardly. But the rings on the bill are so different and unique. Just be aware, they kinda jingle when you walk. Not an issue for me, just something to consider if you wear it and go walking around.
This is a very nice blazer, it can go with different outfits. I am hoping to find the correct that will fit me.
The keychain is super cute and functional. The strap is a little small, so it's hard to fit around the wrist, but overall I love it so far.
I am very pleased with this bra. It fits beautifully. For some reason, something is a little scratchy at the back clasp, but I hope to buy another one anyway, just for the convenience.
Great “old school” cap. Sheds water very well.
The fit is great and it goes all the way up my back, which is where most of my fat is.
My six year old daughter loves them. She said they're comfortable. They're pretty thin but she wears them under her dresses.
Too large but it was super cute!
Defiantly don't size up like others say, it runs true to size
It was fun. I had no idea what I was going to get. I enjoyed the surprise! Happy Monday!
Your dress will or will NOT look good depending on where the pattern on the dress falls when they cut it. Online, a slimming cut. ON the dress I received, the way the pattern is cut accentuated my middle section making it look very large, not at all flattering. Another similar dress (bought 2 of same dress -different patterns ) does not. Good luck, hope yours is cut to flatter your body.
The fabric was amazing! Size was on point... just seemed to look a bit more dull & bland of a design in person.
Satisfied with product.
I used this as part of a costume! It turned out great!
Not a bad belt, great option for vegans and those who for any other reason don't want a leather belt. I've worn this belt every day since I got it, and it has held up just fine.... If there's one complaint I can think of, it's the piece of rolled sheet metal at the end of the buckle...... just gives it a really cheap look, though I'm sure you could easily remove it without harming the function of the belt. I took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a size larger than what I needed, and I'm glad that I did..... I'd advise any other potential buyers to do the same.
This is so cute! Way better than I expected. The material isn't great but the outfit still looks cute.
Very cute skirt. Might be hard to keep from wrinkling
Wear them. Use this sock daily.
Very soft. Bought these for my husband but I slipped a pair
Really happy with the purchase, pictures always misleading as to what comes with it but the description clearly stated pants and hat. Was expecting the glasses as well. Stitching is tight and will fit well a newborn
My wife loved these except the inseams were 5 inches instead of 3 inches. Really good quality.
Love this suit! Very flattering. The v is a bit lower then I anticipated, and the legs are a bit tight but it's very cute. For reference I am 5'2 and 116 lbs. I ordered a small. I would buy it again!
It just smells funny when it arrived.
Wife loved it. Nice muted colors and it seemed well constructed.
Fit as expected and nice looking quality pant. Turns out I can't stand this type of material, very uncomfortable to me. I usually wear jeans that are mostly cotton with a little bit of stretch added. This full on stretch fabric is not for me.
I took this hat with me to Europe. I rolled it up and put a large rubberband around it once. It unfolded each time (going and returning) just perfectly. There were no issues with the hat keeping shape, breaking apart, or any unwanted creases. The hat unrolled perfectly and did it's job!
They are a bitch to get on and off and the strap shows with pretty much every shirt I wear but I love them. The pink one did come with a hole in it, today was the 1st time I wore it so I didnt notice until now.
These fit well and are very comfortable but are rather frail. Best hand washed or, as last resort, washed on delicate/cold water in the washing machine. Do not dry in the clothes drier if that can be avoided.
This is a nice set! The size fits just about as I would expect. I chose this outfit for the jean leggings, which are so versatile. The only downside is the jacket has actual buttons. They are not sewn on very well; one of them came off right away, which is a choking hazard (my son puts everything in his mouth). Snaps or a zipper would be much safer...I will be removing the other buttons. Otherwise, it's a great long-sleeved outfit for wintertime!
very cute! Can't wait to wear it on my cruise!
I bought this dress for a work event based on the great reviews. I'm 5'7 and bought a medium as people were saying to size up if you're between sizes. I think each color fits differently because the black dress was in fact too big around the chest and waist area- I tried to shrink it a bit in the washer/dryer, but it didn't do too much. If you're on the taller side, the slit tends to run pretty high; I had most if it sewn up to keep it work-appropriate. I feel like the ruffles make it so fun and I got compliments throughout the night. Will definitely wear it again!
A bit shorter than I thought but a good casual dress!
It is the perfect length and the cap sleeves are flattering. The hot pink is perfect for the beach. The size seems normal on top and too big in the bottom, the draw string was helpful.
Im 6'4" with a 36 waste and got the large, it's a bit too tight so if you were debating getting the larger size you might do that.
It very pretty but was a little too big for my waist 😔. Boob fet great but I guess my waist is too small.
I leave them on daily. I haven't needed the string, which is what I'd used to use when required.
I got one for my son and for my fiancé and they both absolutely love them !
Very comfortable and hides my tummy.
Way to big. Order at least one, maybe even two sizes smaller than normal. Pretty dress, though. Great for all body types.
The socks are substantial, though I haven't washed them yet. I gave a 4 star instead of a 5 because I have long legs and I wish the socks were longer.
Front piece is more ridged than I would like but the ponytail slit is nice. Already got two compliments.
Good quality belt for the price. I followed the vendors sizing instructions and the belt fits well. Even though the belt fits well I would suggest that the manufacturer add two holes. Fantastic vendor! Probably the best vendor I've dealt with.
Love the dress but not for Apple body shape. I ordered XL I generally order a 1X, according to the bust size of this dress an XL is what I would need and it was way to small. I am a 38 D in the bust. I am 5'7" and 240 lbs. Had to send back i love the material and how it feels would have been great for my Vega s trip.
A little sheer so you can see skin through them. They have a lower ankle which is good for wearing with shorts. They have a little less padding and not as warm.
I mostly like these. I'm a size 12 on the bottom and ordered a L. My only complaint is that the crotch area looks a bit strange
Very cute. Fits perfectly.
Very soft fabric, loose fit, comfortable as a layer or pj. It's so soft that the straps stretch a bit. I would have liked an extra small as I wear it under as a layer but Small is the lowest they go. That makes it bulky under clothes.
Used this for my DIY Halloween outfit. Went perfectly. Came in good condition & it fitted nicely! I will be buying more from this grand! It was warm, cute and sexy!
Very soft and warm however I have long arms so the fit is not good for tall women. The leg length is good not the arm length
My 6 year old loves this! It will fit for this season but did seem like it runs small.
These are really comfortable over all. They fit a bit looser than I expected compared to basic editions comfort action stretch.
While the outfit does run a bit small- I'm always a true medium , often size small- this one was snug. It's good enough to keep since it's soft and super cute. It's very soft and I like it. Decent quality.
Very pretty, but fabric pills a little.
Looks nice but zippers don't. Zip g get stuck
Loved all the colors I have to choose from. Love the material, feels like silk? I would have liked it better if they were bigger. These run on the small side. Good Price$
Thank you for the email it is a great product and it will make a good gift thank you!
This suit fits as expected and the color is true to pictures. The foam cup liners in the bra have a wrinkle in the middle that makes your boobs look awful. I couldn't them thr wrinkles to come out so I removed the liners.
This fits fine and stays in place but I wish the cut was a little different. I don't like the cheeky cut of the bottom, it's not flattering because the way it's worn (like a one piece) just digs in a bit instead of making your butt look cute. The cut on top is good except for under the armpit. It just doesn't sit right if you're a little busty. Overall good purchase for the price for wearing with a high waisted skirt and going out. I'd probably love it more if my chest was smaller.
These glasses really made my costume look phenomenal. Only problem is that you can't see anything through them xD. Good for photos though!
Dress was pretty small and tight, but thankfully my daughter has a slim torso. She is 5'9” and 130 lbs, and no bust. Still tight on her, so order with this in mind.
This is the fourth one of these jackets I have ordered. I have them in many different colors and wear them during the Spring and fall. Any other time I would give these a 5-star rating. The one I received today unfortunately I had to have today for a team picture so I had no choice but to wear it. Otherwise I would have returned it. Everything about the jacket was fine the color of the fabric everything was exactly as promised however the elastic drawstring does not stay put. It has a black round slider that you push up to where you wanted to stay and it supposed to hold the elastic this one does not. Every time I try and move it to the correct position it releases and the waist falls back down. Other than that I'm thrilled with the jacket
Nice color but very shiny fabric.
I LOVE the top and it fitted perfect! I gave 4 stars because the bottoms were too small and dug in, BUT it's worth it just for the top!
They're perfectly fine leggings, maybe even slightly more durable than what you could find at Walmart or somewhere like that. However, if I hadn't been in a time crunch for brown leggings I would never be willing to pay this much for leggings. That's my only complaint though. They've held up and fit wonderfully.
I like the dress but shipping took forever...plan ahead when ordering
This is just a body suit, not a shaper. I wore shaping underwear underneath for compression and smoothing. Also had to wear a bra under. I needed something nude that wouldn't ride up and this was perfect. I ordered a medium and am usually a size 8, and 36DDD.
A little to big but I do like it
The belt is necessary to pull he look together. Super comfy!
Love these leggins!!! They are soooo soft and comfy and I get tons of compliments on them.
I like the socks and will most likely order more but want to see how they laundry.
I get a lot of compliments on this shirt. Fun to wear Just for all the conversations it starts!
This has so much potential, but falls a bit short. It does look nice and the print is nice too. However, the fit is a kind of boxy, the sleeves are too long also. It would be nice for older women, not so much for young ladies.
A bit bigger than expected, but it's a nice dress. Definitely don't size up "just in case". I bought according to the size chart, too big.
Super soft material, vibrant colors, very comfy. The waist band was a little higher than expected. I was able to fold it over for a good fit.
Nice and as expected. Pants and sleeves are a little short. 5'4”. Super cute coverup!
Very soft material. I got it as a gift for my husband and he wears it all the time.
the colors are great. Elastic seems to have stretched out a little after 10-15 washings.
100% cotton, comfortable, good quality
Arrived on time and as described. Third order. Bought these for my boss as a gift since he asked me how I keep my collars so sharp.
Comfy, super soft, provide some light support. Only flaw is that they're see through when you bend over. Definitely couldn't pull these off as pants. Oh well!
Very cute costume, shirt is a little short but was a good costume.
Love this hate, it is very comfortable and durable
These have a snug fit and I don't have thick feet for a guy. They are quite thick and the cushioning feels very nice. Quality socks for the money.
I am a size 9 1/2 and many running socks are too large for me. I like the ankle cut, a bit higher on the back to prevent Achilles blisters without being to noticeable. These seem to fit well, however they are pretty thin and I fear they may stretch out after a few washes. I do feel a bit of a seem in the toe sometimes as well. They colors are fine, the light and dark grey are hard to distinguish so I may end up pairing them up wrong. Overall, for the price, not a bad pair of socks.
Love the hat's protection. Although it could use an button on it just in case it's windy
I wasn't sure which size to get since I am between sizes. I wouldn't say I'm big, but I'm also not small. Length wise, it is a little long on me, but I'm 5'1. I bought a medium, but should've bought a small. The medium has extra fabric and it doesn't really look cute with all that going on. Otherwise, it's really cute and very comfortable.
I'm short just were loose around my lower legs
I feel not much tiredness from my both legs since I wore this socks. It helps somehow. Good product.
I was happy with this purchase. Nursing friendly and cute! I got a medium, I am 5'5” and about 140lbs right now and it fit perfectly.
Well made, looks great. Wish I had ordered larger size.
The first pair had a snap fall apart on first use. Amazon was quick to send a replacement pair. I immediately operated each snap to be sure they functioned properly.
The socks are adorable-the only thing is the glitter on the bottom was not as bright as the picture. The glitter writing was dull.
Arrived earlier than expected! Looks exactly the same as the picture; very vivid and the pattern is so pretty. Just what I wanted and probably the best $5 I've spent in a while. Would definitely recommend
great material and colors runs big.
The fit was as expected; not too difficult to take on and off. Good product for the price.
It's aight. Its a slim/light.
I bought the Size Regular: 5' 2" - 5' 8", as I am 5'4" and currently at about 160 lbs in my third trimester. I liked the over-the-belly fit. The fabric is thick, soft and stretchy, but this size is just too big on me. It's saggy in the ankles and crotch area, so I have to keep surreptitiously adjusting it. Unfortunately I bought the three-pack, so even though I've only worn a single pair of tights, I don't think I can return the other pairs for any sort of refund, even though they're unfortunately unwearable for me.
I had to order a 44 I ordered a 38 figuring it would be big and it was way to small had to return to get a larger size.
Very cute. Get at least one size up. I wish the top hat a back closure it is a little hard to put since it is one continuous piece.
Great dress for the Dory lover, material is a bit thin and it wrinkles easily but great design and my daughter loved it.
The hat I ordered came in good time. I love the deep eggplant color. It's tighter/smaller than I thought it would be given the photos, but still very useful and a great color. Happy with the purchase.
This product fits very well and is light enough for super hot days. One of the best I have worn. Would recommend to others as everyday bra.
Overall good quality and serves the purpose. One issue: after washing couple of times, the length of the socks becomes rather different - some sock got shorter, some - longer.
Nice shirt. Fabric quality could be better.
I like the color and quality of the pants and they fit well. Only complaint is that the leg openings are much wider than I hoped and the pants are thinner than expected.
With all the weight I've gained I'm always surprised when something is too large. I really dislike returning anything so I'll just wear it under my poncho. The fabric is exactly as I expected so not disappointed in anything but the fit.
Fits as expected. Arrived in a timely manner. Quite comfortable. I would buy again.
I love the concept, but this doesn't seem like it quite works on my 36F bust.
The quality of the material is great. I ordered specifically to embroider for a client's annual cookie baking party. The apron was a true red though the chef hats tended toward orange which was disappointing. The apron embroidered nicely and overall, my client is satisfied. If you order this product, plan in advance. Delivery time is about 2-3 weeks.
Got it for my relative of mine. He likes it.
Very cute but does not provide much support.
I give it 4* because it is a little bulky; but, overall, this is a great product, can be worn during hot summer days, it is easily adjustable and the material is not stretching. it stays in place! regarding the size: i am a petite person at 110lbs weight (before pregnancy) and the small size was too small for right after birth. i got the medium size and it will fit me from now until i shrink back to normal. Small is for very tiny/skinny people
Based on all the reviews saying this item ran big, I ordered my child's current size (wears 10/12 for pants) expecting that it would last him a little while. They barely fit tightly... he's just too tall from feet to shoulders. Better to order a bit large and grow into them than have to pay return shipping like me. The item otherwise seems to be good quality and as expected.
Great material can be worn in summer and winter!
The suit ran a little small (in the waist area mainly) so if I were to order another I would order a size up.
Runs large, tying the front of mine to help with the fit makes the snaps in the back pop open which is annoying but not terrible.
the material is great. i ordered a small, im 5'6 and about 125. this fit is just okay. if my torso was about 1 inch shorter it'd fit perfect. the crotch is out so at least its not tight in my private parts. I'm quite slim and most if the things i buy are small and fits my body perfectly because I'm so little up top. if you weigh more than me a medium would fit someone my hight. hope this helps
Ruching in front is almost non existent.
This shirt is exactly as described. It fits good just wish it was a little longer for a layered look.
I was skeptical buying shorts online but these fit better than i expected. I am 5'4 130
Great dress for a night out! I really appreciated that the dress isn't too short. Its also very flattering.
Trying to get use to it. I use it for recess. Thanks
i wanted them to cover freckles on my hands to shoot pics of rings. Close ups are harsh so i got these. They worked fine as they are sheer and fine. If you have regular opera gloves no ring will fit over them. I am afraid taking them on and off a lot they will not last long. but they are lovely gloves. I think they are great
Cute shirt, nice quality. I'm 5'4" and weigh 120 lbs and the small is huge on me. Fits like a size large. I could wear it while pregnant. I know how to sew so I decided to keep it and take it in.
I like the dress. Fit was perfect. I just found another dress I liked better that is why I returned it.
This is as cute as the picture BUT the lower part of the "face" is covered and down a lot more then it shows in the picture. You miss the blush on the cheeks which is part of what makes it so cute. I still like it.
Fits well, don't dry in the dryer
Jacket fit perfectly just a little tight in the arms I will definitely order another one 😊.
material is great but is too big for a newborn
Love this dress, super comfy, just genuinely can't figure out which is the front and which is the back bc there's no tag or anything sooooo. I just have been wearing it both ways and seeing which one gets more compliments /whatever/
They are a little thin but fit perfectly, I wear a size 9 1/2, and feel good on my feet. I will purchase again.
The dress is exactly as pictured and really very pretty. It fits my daughter but may be a tad big around the chest. Not too big that she can't wear it. She's tall and lean so overall it probably is true to size. Definitely recommend it.
This shirt is a bit tight for a medium, but it fits well enough. I returned it because the white is see through, I'm keeping the black one. I won't be buying it in more colors because I don't like the little buttons. I washed it before wearing because it was wrinkled and quite stiff. It came put out of the dryer much softer and not wrinkled.
I liked the quality of this product but it is slightly small for an adult woman's head. It sits on my head but isn't the most secure feeling hat I've ever worn.
I would advise ordering larger size ! Chinese sizes are smaller than Americans! Our large is more like a small or medium to them!
I am a petite, short woman and these will need to be hemmed for me. They are quite a bit too big. For reference I am about 5'0" and 110 lbs. However, I will keep them and have them hemmed because they are quite comfortable and soft. They are also a thinner yoga pant, so not ideal for winter weather.
Extremely small, so buy accordingly. Came in a 3 pack of white, blue, and pink
Definelty like the comfort of being in my front pocket or any pocket.Doesnt look manly at all.
Considering the size, I expected the waist to be looser. It constricts too much to the point of being uncomfortable. I never understood why they make the waist line so tight especially in a plus size. Companies should take into consideration that if it is a plus size, anything that is made to compress and contour your hips and legs, needs NOT to be tight around the waist. It's simple! Pushing the fat in from the hips and tummy only means it has to come out somewhere around the waistline.
Socks are thick and warm. My daughter is able to run around the house without slipping. Because the socks are thick, my daughter is unable to wear her shoes with these socks. So she only wears them around the house.
The shirt fits fine and is comfortable to wear. The only problem is that the shirt is a much darker blue than the photograph showed. I almost chose to return this and reorder a different color.
It works in Minnesota in January.
Everyone agreed it was super creepy! Had my husband drill a hole in the mouth for a straw and I was all set.
Fit my wife's swollen leg.
Strong plastic smell. But very cute. Niece loves it
Comfortable, but on the larger side. Will work great layering under in winter, but as is, it's too big.
The "big Sister" part of this is not for big kids (it more for toddlers). The little brother part is adorable
Wore it once. Maybe wear it again. Super cute
Very pretty and nice material. Fit my daughter perfectly!
I normally order clothes online in an XL, but in this case I think it was a little too big. I ordered it again in a Large and I am hoping it comes in in time for my trip. The pants are long especially on me because I am only 5'3. Even with heels I will need to take it up a little. I even had a little room up top and according to Victoria Secret I am a 38DDD. My biggest concern was I felt I had extra material in between my legs. I am going a smaller size will solve this
Some of it fits well like the chest and waist, but the arms and legs are long
Love this top!! Was a little snug and would suggest ordering a size up
They fit snug in the legs and butt which I enjoy but if you don't like that then maybe order a size larger. The front is a bit baggy though which throw the look off.
Bought item for someone
I just ordered too large of a size. Love the feel. will order in another color if another color becomes available.
Very pretty gloves; I like how you can remove the mitten top. They are very cozy and warm, although the tips of my fingers aren't as warm as the rest of my hands, but I expected that. I'm not sure if the color of the mitten top exactly matches the color of the rest of the glove (it seems like they are two slightly different shades of black). Also, I'm pretty sure I ordered sherpa-lined gloves, but either I'm expecting too much sherpa in the lining or mine aren't lined at all... In any case, these gloves are great!
Sooo soft , white is a bit see through but still very nice
Cute shirt. Can't wait to wear it to my son's games.
Great material; thick but stretchy. The length is great if your short; there's not a bunch of leftover fabric at your ankles. The waist is high and thick. The only issue is that the fabric is a little see through when it gets stretched.
i bought for my in law the size ordered fit correctly and we bought to use for coming winter. seems it will work for winter as i tried today for ski and i did not feel any cold as it locks the heat also i tried to run the car so steering wheel control which allow firm grip . inside the glove back there is waterproof membrane which can deal with snow in the winter. also there is an extended elastic cuff to keep out the cold wind. but one thing is when we open the gloves different kind of unbearable smell came, to avoid this keep it patio door for couple of hours, after that there is no smell. also look wise it is okay not that great look.
Love my shirt! Some stitching has come lose, but overall good shirt for price.
SO CUTE and it does indeed light up (very bright!!)! unfortunately, it somehow didn't fit my head, even though it's supposed to fit women/adults? so it just rests on top of my head :( i guess i just have a big head. still love it though!
I returned this as it was too small but I was quite surprised at the quality of the fabric and stitching for such a low price. I might re-order when I lose enough weight to fit into their "larger" sizes.
Beautiful material, very elegant, comfortable
Wayyyyyy bigger than I expected. This thing is large for a crossbody bag. Otherwise, the style is very cute and I love the colors.
Great for the price! Hand wash and air Dry though!
These are exactly what I've been searching for. I can only speak for those of us with a smaller bust size, but they're just what I need. Perfect amount of smoothing, like I'd get wearing a layering tank top, but cooler now that it's summer. As some have said, the straps are a little flimsy and hard to adjust, but otherwise a great product.
I got these for a rainbow-themed party, and they worked out great! They're very colorful and fit great when I first got them. My only complaint is that they shrank a bit in the wash, but that just made the tops a bit tight on my thighs. I can definitely still wear them though.
I am 5' 10 and 165 pounds and purchased a medium. VEry nice product. Nice to have the full back covered so you do not see the bra fat rolls. I have this one in nude and got another in black. It makes you very shapely. The only draw back is the straps right at the arm pit cut in a bit so it is not great for wearing more than five hours. it is not a design flaw, it is jut the way it needs to be fitting to give you that slim look. Worth a try for sure and if you want to walk around in a fitted dress and get rid of ALL your rolls this is the product for you.
Nice cap! Came quick! This one made me look older!
Nice scarf and good size
these are not the best quality, but they are decent. these are made of soft cotton, i am trying to think to which brand i can compare these to, i guess these are very much comparable to hanes brand. - Soft very identical to hanes brand boxer briefs - Fits true to size, one size up if you prefer loose fit - No branding logo so thats pro
The leggings are super cute, but I usually wear a small and decided to get a medium and that was the thing to do. If the leggings got smaller I think how some people experienced ripping the same would happen here. well the leggings are really comfortable and we will see how they last at the gym today, great buy highly recommend just get a size up and all will be grand.
They are super comfy. Perfect while I shed some baby weight and recover from c-section. The length was perfect for me, I'm 5'8 and just had a baby so I ordered a 14 regular. I just wish the waist was a bit higher to the bellybutton as pictured.
Thin material... Just what I was needing. Perfect for being worn under a t-shirt.
Good shirts but didn't get the colors I had requested
Buy the premie for a newborn! My 7lb. 6oz 20.5 in. baby got in the premie size with room to grow.
Sleeves are a bit snug
Great for Postpartum! I just had a baby and these squeeze everything in! So much better thank wearing one of those postpartum tummy bands.
Great quality for price
Great dress! The inner layer is a little static but very soft and the outer layer is flowy and hides all those trouble spots. I ordered a Large and I typically wear a size 8-10 jean with 36D chest, fits great, looks great. would recommend to any one who likes this style of dress
A little large in heel area, but otherwise like them A lot!
This is a great product that fits nicely. Snug enough to show shape and lose enough that I can still breath.
The sizing does run small. I'm normally a 2xl in clothes/size 20 pants so I sized up to the 3xl. The top is super cute and worth the $20. The shorts are super duper booty shorts and are cut shorter in back. It would look cute on a tiny person, but not so much for chubby muffins like me.
Comfortable and good fit
They slide down more than I'd like and don't come quite as high up the stomach as I'd like, but they're a solid legging choice that is cheaper than your local lularoe girl. I'll be rebuying these, I'm sure of it.
Not the best quality material but great for the price. My husband always gets a lot of compliments when he's wearing the navy one. Overall they look great and were a great deal.
I liked the style the little knot and the sleeves but was a bit big
Somewhat small around the waist. Otherwise perfect.
I've purchased 3 in different colors. This last purchase the fabric and stitching is sub quality to previous purchases.
this product is something that I've needed for awhile now! I had something similarly marketed several years ago, sans the light. However, the light is the killer feature on this purse insert. The many pockets is something else that is amazing! Lots of little places to stash things. I also love the fact that you can close it up if necessary. The ONLY con I can think of is that it is on the larger size of a purse insert, so please be aware that if you carry around a small purse, it probably will be too large to insert. For example, I have a smaller cross-over type purse that I carry around when I make a day trip with lots of walking etc. It is too large to fit into that particular bag, but it's a bare bones type of purse so that's okay. This insert makes switching purses at the last minute a dream!
This shirt fit as expected, and upon entry into the office, I received a lot of "Good morning, Magnum" greetings from colleagues. I'll probably wear the shirt in the warmer months, as it is nice, not just costume worthy. I will say one of the buttons popped off, so, the sewing might be a little off. Other than that, great shirt.
I gave it a 4 it stuck pretty good from like 7- midnight when I got home it was hot I sweated the corners come up at the top every now and then but the bra it's self held pretty well
Must be attached to flat/plumb vertical surface
If I could give it 3 1/2 stars, I would. The material looks cheap, but feels soft and comfortable. It does not shrug off the shoulders and fit quite as shown in the picture. I wish it was a little less bright white, but it looks nice. It's a good color for winter.
I like it but wish the pockets were a little deeper.
There is too much fabric to go around the neck. I was able to solve this problem by using a safety pin to tighten it in the back of neck area.
I bought the XL based on measurements and it was too large. I'm returning & going to try the large. Fabric & cut were nice, if the smaller size fits I think it'll be a great dress. Fabric was nice, not thin like I anticipated it to be.
Ordered a size up, worked great didn't want the tight fit. I'm 5'2 and got a medium
Fabric isn't very breathable, but a very cute. Going to use it as a beach cover up because it's a little too short to be a dress.
They are comfortable.
The buttons broke, it's not super high quality but really pretty.
Liked the material, thin, breathable as well. Didn't like this blue on me, makes me look formal for causal wear
I ordered making magic happen and they sent me the wrong t shirt , with weekend
it's a little big but not so much as to be unwearable
These are so cute....nuff said!!!
I use them under my running and rugby shorts they are comfortable, don't ride up and don't bind any where. I am a 29/30 waist US, I bought large and they fit.
I am very satisfied with this order. I intend to order additional cardigans in different colors.
Love the look of this suit ordered one size up a large and it is little big. Did have a snag in it but no time to return
Like the open mesh construction and the general appearance of the hat. It does run a little large, but I could still adjust it to fit. It works well for me.
A bit light for Fall. Overall a very good fit and design, nice looking. Haven't worn for the ride yet because a bit chilly in the morning for short sleeves.
Gave as a gift.My daughter loves it.
I gave this dress four star soft, breathable, quality material....... Five star would have been given but the dress run about 1 size larger then order my alteration now it fix perfect!!! Great dress go one size down if you decide to order. I would definitely purchase from them again
use as a top not true to size no shrinkage when washed cool wearing
I love this dress. Originally ordered XXL, fit me just right. Which means no wiggle room. I returned and got XXXL. This one fits me with room to move around with no problem. Only thing is now it a bit too long. I still love the dress, I'm having it hemmed.
Fits well though be mindful of the length...I am 5'3 and wearing heels would have made it a bit easier wearing a medium.
The quality of the dress is definitely better than others. It runs small so if you wear a 10 get a 12 because we had to exchange sizes by going up one size to fix and look nice.
The socks are really made well and very comfortable to wear. However they are not the thick gold toe socks that would be good for your boots. These are thinner and work best when you're wearing loafers or flats.
Well made but heavy. I have the same belt but plastic buckle that i prefer but this is very well made and will probably last a very long time.
The neck didn't fit, the sleeves are baggy, but the shape and feel are exactly what I was looking for. It's a fine product. I'm not crazy about it but I won't dismiss its quality
Fabric was a little stiff but fit was good. They will do the trick.
The only problem I have with these panties is that they are slightly tight around my legs. I am hoping that with a few washes they will loosen up. Everything else fits comfortably.
I like the bra but it fits a little on the smaller side.
Works the way to is supposed to. Fabric is a little stiff. I plan to try using fabric softener.
Bought it for my daughter , she's a teacher assistant and we live in MI, it get cold , and she goes outside with the kids , she love it's
Nice sweater.. different fabric but nice.runs small. A XL was maybe more of a med/lg. I wear a large an xlarge fit me exactly. Little bit of extra room to be comfy
Very nice Wallet....Genuine Leather zipper....etc good quality.......
Nice. Runs a bit smaller than I thought. All in all great jacket for price!
The dress is nice, but the fabric is very thin and it was big in the hip area. I had to take it in so it was not sticking out on the hips, because it is cut a little odd. I ordered a small and I usually wear a size 2 or 4.
They are very comfortable. Roomy. But they hike up at the leg.
i didnt care for how they fit me. i carry a lot of my weight around my midsection where the band hits, so they were too tight for my liking. if that wasn't the case, i wouldve loved them. they are beautiful leggings.
We bought this dress for the baby shower. It's so cute on my daughter. We got the light pink one, It's a little see thru, but nothing a slip wouldnt fix.
These are great just buy one size smaller
Looked great with my dress. Appropriate length. Does not wrinkle easily.
nice briefs, but I fall into the size that one is too small, and the next size up is too big. Too wide of a fit range. Why doesn't someone sell these like pants, specific waist size, instead of covering 3 sizes on each one?
Very nice for the price. The hat needs some help so I added more feathers and did the job.
Worked exactly as needed
She wanted turtles so I got her turtles. Great fit and keeps her warm
Great product. Be sure to order a size up. The length was mid thigh for me. I normally wear a small in this style dress, but I should have ordered a M. A little too tight for me, but it was not see through.
Christmas gift he likes the color and the trifold has worked great
The color kinda wore out and gave it a more rugged look than I wanted. Still like it though.
I do not like them for the shoes I bought them to go with, but the are perfect for dress shoes.
Loved. Got lots of compliments. Only thing I didn't love was that the top elastic is thin banded so it doesn't stay at the shoulders well. It kept riding up a lot and rolling. If the band/elastic were thicker/wider it would have been better but it was cute!
My wife loves the quality and fit.
I really like it. Thought it was a bit warmer material but that's ok. It does fit a bit big
Great design that should've been put on a better shirt. The material is very thin. I've had it for 2 months and worn it a handful of times...it has a hole already. It's soft and comfortable but as thin as it is there's little reason to wonder why.
Because this is not made to be used for special effects makeup, I knew it wouldn't be the best, but it ended up working out for the most part! The only thing I didn't really like was the ears, because once I glued it down, I couldn't hear anything all night. So for buying an SNL gag toy and making it work for SFX, I enjoyed it.
Unique one piece with a sheer, not heavyweight skirt attached. Does not look like an old lady plus size swimsuit, but covers the right spots - that bothersome belly. My husband loves it. I am 72, but this makes me feel good at the beach. Not comparing to the teeny weeny bikini, but top of the mountain over the old fashioned old lady suits. I am by no means thin, but this suit makes me comfy.
I love this dress but the material is VERY thin. I absolutely have to wear a cardigan over it. Or a tank under. Without the extra coverage my bra shows. I also wear shorts underneath.
Love. Little bigger then I thought but I love it
Took a while to receive it but it was worth the wait. I love the color. It's bright and wonderful. The fit is perfect. I wear a size 16 dress and ordered an XL. Must buy.
The pants were very nice, but I just didn't realize how big they were going to fit.
I bought this dress for a summer wedding and it's just perfect!!
I purchased the black and grey dress, actually to wear to a funeral. I loved it but I went by the reviews and I thought being 5'3" and 180 lbs I'd need an xl but I could have gotten away with a L. I didn't have time to send it back so I purchased a belt and it looked very nice. It came to just below my knee and with the shoes I purchased through amazon it all came together very well. The Cambridge round toed Maryjane pumps in the velvet black match perfectly. Very happy with this purchase.
Very comfortable and beautiful!
Bought for 12 year old son to wear for Halloween, he loved it fits him fine. Husband had to try it on too, and it fit an adult fine as well. Good nostalgic scream mask. Can actually see out of eye holes. Quick delivery!
These undies are comfy and cozy, and are really absorbent in case there's an accident. But, not too absorbent that my little one doesn't realize that she's wet. My only beef with them is that they're really high cut on the sides which doesn't always provide full cheek coverage in the back.
I was looking to order a light-weight robe that I can wear in the warmer weather. I always wear a robe in the mornings and put it on right after showering until I'm dressed for the day, but it has been so hot lately. This robe definitely is light-weight and is perfect for warmer weather. I did not give this 5 stars because I don't see a loop to hang this up, which I find bothersome... Also, I ordered a size up based on other reviews, getting a Large instead of a Medium. I am really regretting this... I am 5'3 and currently 155 lbs, I was worried about it being too small, but it feels huge and looks silly! I normally like my robes bigger, but it's just too much... I've already washed and dried it, otherwise I would return it for a smaller size.
Hi, this worked for my daughter who wears a size 9-12 months. This product was as expected EXCEPT the ribbons do NOT make it adjustable as stated in the bullets. This is not true, the ribbons are purely decoration. The waist is elastic but this will not fit my daughter for a long time to come. It's not as adjustable as described. Otherwise it was just what I needed.
Wallet made of quality leather and design. Fits perfectly in man's front pocket. Beautiful gift item.
Super cute, and comfortable. I read mixed reviews but I'm happy with my purchase. Contemplating purchasing more in other colors. This is NOT a form fitting sweater so if you're looking for that I would suggest buying a size smaller than you normally would.
Smaller than expected. I ended up giving to my grandson
Beautiful designs and fast shipping, however these fit small and for that reason I'm removing a star and sending back. But, these are beautiful and good quality.
The fit was good but it just wasn't what I expected. I ordered a L and I'm 5'6” 170 lbs.
Got a bunch of complements on the mesh shirt! A bit oversized, but that honestly looked better. Held up well in a wash. The only thing was the sleeves. I wish they sleeves were cuffed instead of looking like someone just cut the sleeves off.
Romper is adorable, but material is a bit thin! Perfect for a beach day.
Great product, just ran a tad small in boob area. I am small everywhere else, but have 32DDD boobs. I would suggest size Med.
I am 5'2”, bra size 32b and waist 27in and size Small fits perfectly. The front is not a real front tie but you can probably pin it smaller and then tie the small ribbon in a knot around it. I rated it as a 4 because the color was a little strange. It's not pure white but instead, an icy blue tint. When I took photos standing next to my friends wearing white I could definitely tell that the dress was not white but an icy blue tinted color. But other than the color, it fits perfectly and is very cute.
Only complaint is the pizza box is a lot small than the picture but that is only for gift giving.
Looks good but not thick material
The top look nice and I like the print and the material. I just wish it is a little longer. Since I think my belly will show if I raise my arm. Overall. I am happy with it for the price I paid.
Love the quality of the material and the color !
They are comfortable, not the cushion I was hoping for based on reviews. I have not had them slip off the heel which is nice.
The Shemaghs look good and are fine quality ( I have others that are better). Lots of dye have been used so the first wash will require gallons after gallons of rinse.
Looks awesome but needs a badge reel. My badge slides off when I pull it to use it.
Super cute and blingy on the front. Comfy. A bit big in the chest area. Will be great for St. Patrick's day.
Love the material! Just Wish it was a little longer! I'm 5'8 D chest and got the XL and it's like 2 inches to short!
Super cute beanie for baby. It fit my 10 month old daughter just right. Wish it was a tiny bit bigger. I actually wish I would've ordered it sooner so she could've got a good use out of it but it's super cute. I think I'll order another in another color.
Love it! It's stylish and I've gotten lots of compliments. Note that it doesn't have a lining, I think some people were surprised by that. I got it for a trip to Italy in October so I didn't want anything too heavy or warm. I haven't exposed it to any really heavy rain yet so I can't comment on that but it has definitely kept me dry in light/medium rain. I wish the sleeves were a bit shorter but I always seem to have that problem. I just fold the cuffs once and it still looks cute. My only other complaint is that the hood is a bit big - I feel like it's either covering my eyes (when I tighten the cinch) or falling off the back of my head. Sadly, this also seems to be a common problem for me with coats. Overall, I recommend this as a cute, light and simple raincoat!
It is a bit smaller than expected but isnt too bad, can still be used. Lacing is not sturdy enough to be used and will be replaced with proper cording.
The drawstring on the pants slips a bit and could use a redesign. Otherwise great gi. Lightweight, fits well, comfortable, great in the gym.
Bought these for my husband, he says they fit great and I think they look great!
Not sure if my other belts run big or this is small. Probably get a size bigger than what you usually do.
Great design. It's a bit longer than expected
Good product for a good price. However the adhesive for the mustache was not strong enough. Buy spirit gum to make sure it stays on all night.
I wear a women's medium 5-7 pants US so I usually get mens small in pants. These fit as expected a little roomy on me but I work in a warehouse and these a great for work since I'm moving around a lot.
I like the color and texture, arm length is great, body of the item is a big bigger/longer than I expected, but it is a comfy shirt for around the house.
This shirt is very cute and the biggest pro is the shoulders stay put without creeping up very much. The only con I can think of is that it is very sheer. Since it folds over the front that does help but still wish it was more opaque. I bought an XL and I'm 5'5 and 220lbs and it fit great!
It's cute, a little cheap looking but still pretty.
I love HUE clothing, but their sizing is always off! Some of their leggings run large, some run true to size. I own several pairs, and the quality is great, but in some of them I have purchased a small and in others a medium. I'd say if you are unsure, size down.
Like the shirt. Made of fairly heavy material like you would expect from a Jersey. Size runs just a little small.
The quality is great. My problem is they run small. I wear L or XL in all my tops and they were very small so I tried a 1X and it was too small
I love the shirt, it's soft and comfortable. I likely will by another pattern.
Love the design. Very comfortable as well. The fabric was a little more thin than I was expecting, but not see-through.
My bra kept showing because the front kept on exposing it. If you could pin it together with a safety pin, I would. It is great for summer and I could wear it to brunch. Very cute.
Nice bag but way smaller than I expected
These are extremely comfortable to wear all day and sleep in, and I love the variety of colors you get. It might just be me being picky, but the material is a little thin for me, though other than that, I think they're great.
I love the length of this top! It is perfect for jeans or leggings! The thickness of the material is also a positive. It is not thin but it also isn't too thick where a person would be hot wearing it. I will be ordering it in other colors. I did order it in my usual size and it was a bit larger than expected.
The belt arrived as described. What was not mentioned was the thickness. A little thin for my taste. Otherwise OK.
Great dress for the price. Yes, it was cheap, but, it was cheap. It shockingly looked great on my 5'4” chunky self! I'm at about 170 and I was terrified the bottom layer wouldn't fit. It did! It was very pretty on as well as very flattering. I honestly felt it was a little too formal for the event I needed it for, so I didn't keep it. I only wish I had something to wear it to and I would buy it back in a second!
My right leg is so swollen from knee replacement surgery that xlarge did not fit. Fits left leg well so will keep 4 pairs for that leg and ordered xxlarge for right leg. When normal, I would wear medium. Otherwise, good stockings and easy to get on.
Nice pj's fit well and really nice soft material. Well made and wash up without being too wrinkly.
Very nice scarf, but it had a horrible odor.
I have a shallow head, from crown to ears.
I'm 5'3” and 145lbs. Going off the size chart measurements I ordered a large even though I normally get small leggings but they are too big, very baggy around the ankles. However, they seem to have quality material and are comfy. I'm returning and ordering a smaller size.
Backpack is wonderful, very well made. I'm very pleased with it but the lunchbox is pretty small. Needs a bigger gusset to be able to fit much in it. Both are very well made tho. Pretty pleased with it overall.
I ordered a size up and they fit great. Very comfortable and I'm happy with them.
This swimsuit is great! I ordered a medium and it fit perfect. Definitely recommend.
FIts really good super cute top minus the kinda cheap fabric but otherwise still cute and fits good.
These are great socks - Comfy, but they run a little small so they are tighter than I would like and aren't as forgiving. I wear them for runs and haven't had any issues with them.
Great quality, just felt really big.
Nice Belt ... Wide and comfortable with a good locking buckle. Much better buckle than usual. I love these belts because the can be adjusted to exact comfortable fit ... A little thinner than usual but so comfortable that its a great deal.
Seems like good quality for the price. Keeps hands warm to about 35 to 40 degrees. How long will they last? Time will tell.
Very cute dress! But order two sizes up
I really like the look of the coat and all the pockets. Very warm and wore it to an outdoor football game at 30 degrees. Kept me warm and is stylish. The coat just fits, so if I lift my arms up it feels like I might rip it in the under arm area. For XL thought a bit tight, but a nice coat for the price for sure.
I love this shirt. The quality is great. Pay attention to the reviews about size. I sized up 2 sizes and it has a great loose fit. I probably could have gotten away with 1 size up for a tighter fit. The print is a bit big making the puny greatness hard to read on a short person.
These are nice and I was surprised to see there is a built in liner/underwear. I wished they were a little longer.
The top fits SO well, really flattering, but the bottoms are TEENY. Like it doesn't make sense the difference in sizing between the two pieces.
I think it's a little too long for outside-the-pants wear and a too wide at my shoulders. But still, overall an ok shirt.
Cute shirt great fabric was just a little boxy and but for my taste
On me, the legs of these underwear roll up near the crotch and the back droops lower than I'd like at the waist. I need something with longer legs, but at least they don't have elastic legs that dig into you.
Leggings themselves are a good material and and fit is good; but the waistband has a thick elastic band that is very very tight. *update* Customer service contacted me after I wrote the initial review. I was very happy with the treatment I received and was sent replacement pair of leggings in the same size that fit perfect. The pockets are a great size and these are excellent for running!
under sized, but sturdy and nice leather
I bought the 3-6 size. My LO is almost a year old and this top is still too big around the neck. The pants fit okay, but they are big as well. Not quite what I expected.
The belt is smaller than I expected, but, it's cute.
waist is a bit on the tight side and I will have to return them. like the cut, I'm just a curvy girl and 14 did not fit a post pregnancy tummy in this case,
Really adorable for my 2 month old. It fit just right for her but the sizing says 0-6 months. I definitely think of your buying for an older baby past 2-3 months this may be too small. The onsie was a tad small but the pants were big. The boots that it comes with are also too big and the bow it comes with was just a little bit too tight for her so we couldn't have her wear it for long periods of time. Overall a super adorable outfit for babies!
very cute, good quality fabric with some stretch, fits well everywhere but the waist - it is too big even though I followed the chart
They should put some sort of warning that if you stare into each others eyes during the pat down it voids what the shirt says. Other than that good.
I just used once and looks good, not sure how long it will go and how long it will hold. But for a temp use it's amazing and very easy to use.
Beautiful shirt but go up a size if you have ample breasts
I am surprised and delighted! I followed the makers size chart, which suggested I order a large (normally I wear an xl) so I skeptical. But it just arrived and fits great! Nice stretchy material. I love the length too.
This skirt is awesome! It is so comfortable and looks amazing! The elastic waist is true to size and the lining is perfect. My one note is that the size of the holes in the overlay are just the right size to get caught on EVERYTHING, so be careful.
The only thing I didn't like was that these were sooo long I'm only 5'3 so that's to be expected other than that I loved the material and the way it fits my body it's so flattering!
Very pleased with the quality!
Runs a little big but I am pleased with the quality!
Great color and size! The inside bands are a little loose so cards will slide out with a good shake.
I love the color. I normally wear a med shirt and its a little baggy. Can tie in the front. Shoulders are a little wierd. Hopefully when washed it will shrink around shoulders. Can deff size down if you want a tighter fit.
They are cute and durable, but don't stay on face very well
Looks amazing on my wife. She loves how soft they are. Unfortunately has developed a little hole at corner of pocket after only a few wears.
I liked everything about them, but they were a little to snug of a fit. should have ordered one size up.
Good construction and helps with packing and organization. If you're looking for a couple good bags this is it.
How sexy it made my wife look!
It fit good and quality was ok
Super cute hat, not to big ,not to small. Very flexible which makes it easy to pack.
The product looks just like the picture. It does run a bit small. I purchased this for my mom, who is typically a 4/6. She usually wears a small. I purchased a M and it fit perfectly. I would definitely size up. Otherwise she loved it
It was a little bigger than expected, and the shirt has no tag, so it's hard to tell if you're putting it on right.
Fits well and hits just at my knee. I'm 5'8". Material is stretchy and thin, but not see through. Great for a daytime party or work. It's stretchy enough that I didn't realize there was a zipper when in first tried it on.
I ordered a medium dress I'm 5'6 and weight 150. The sleeves on the dress run small and are a little tight. I'm still very happy with my purchase.
Love the fit and feel of these jeans! I just wish they had pockets deep enough to put anything in. They are only about 3" deep.
It was a really nice dress, but the fit was too small.
Super cute and well made but the birthday girl wouldn't wear it.
Wish it was l lil material was a little thicker but that's my fault for not reading the label.
Ok, smaller than I expected. Got a 7, should of went with 8.
Super cute socks got them for a gift for someone and she lived them
Basic plain zippered hoodie I expect it'll last for about a year by the look of the material, but for that low price that's fine with me.
The the arms & chest areas was a little tight, but that might be the that I ordered the dress in April & didn't wear it until June (after a few pounds have added on)
You get what you pay for and for the price it was a great buy. It was a little small for my husband but it worked for him wearing it for only a couple of hours Halloween night.
My daughter really likes the tights. She says they are perfect. She only wore them once so I can't comment on how long they last, but they appear to be good quality. Arrived on time and as described.
Black is black. However the "brown" I think needed to be deeper brown it was like it was not leather. It looked like a plastic brown. Haven't worn either but I am sure they are fine belts.
It is great for my Finn costume. The strap is a little small so it chokes me just a little, but I am a grown man, so that may be the issue.
I ordered XL, which is usually baggy. It won't touch in the front, but the shoulders and length are great.
Do not buy these as exercise pants. I work out and do yoga / Pilates 4 days a week. I bought a few pairs of these pants in a variation of designs because I thought they were cute and they were affordable. They are however not suitable for working out. I will wear these pants around the house and whatever because they are comfortable and super cute. They were larger than I expected. I'm a women's medium so I ordered the medium pants but I think I'll get a small next time. I would actually buy another pair of these pants because they are so super cute and comfortable to wear around the house however I repeat if you workout don't buy these for that purpose. They were constantly sliding down in class today. I had to keep pulling them up. the thin elastic band is not uncomfortable but it doesn't do anything for tummy shaping so I really appreciate the wider bands that give a little tummy control. I will call these my super cute Lounge lazy day wear with baggy t-shirt pants.
Love the shirt, made well for the money. Sizes run a little small. Over all good buy.
I like the fabric. The top is quite a bit larger than the bottom. It doesn't fit me well which is odd because I'm large chested. I can wear it around the house but not out as it is ill fitting.
Well made, sturdy heavy weight fabric.
Bras are very comfortable. Perfect for breastfeeding.
I ordered the size small , it was roomy and comfy. Wore it with a white tank top.
This shirt fits good and is comfortable.wear it to play airsoft in.it light weight and would recommend it to anyone.have a friend who is going to get one also.
I am a 14/16 and a 38 D and loved this suit!!! Its very flattering! It fits well on the bottom, not right, not loose, I think those closer to a 16/18 would be fine in it. I carry weight in my lower body. I do have a short torso so I cant use the breast cups that come with it. There is a line in the suit sewn in so that the cups can't fall below it, and with my short torso, that is just too high for where my breasts hit. But it looks just fine without the cups in there. Definately can't be running, jumping, water skiing in this, but perfect for laying by the pool. Highly recommend! Very high quality fabric and fully lined. Very well made.
I got the medium which was a little tall and bigger on me but still works great. I am able to fold the pants up to ski or walk in the snow. The pants are comfortable and keep me warm. For the price it's a great deal.
This was honesty a tad big on my since I had gone by what everyone else said ont he size chart. Besides that it's very sexy. Not to be used to wear to an actual gym but besides that ;) if you catch my drift.
I liked them! I just wish the top part wasn't so big! They definitely worked well for me otherwise. I am a B cup, and they stayed put most of the night. I would recommend them!
They work but I feel like the fabric should be wider somehow to help with diaper coverage
Cute but it looked too big on me. Made me look fatter.
The fit is good but the waist line was a bit lower than expected.
Really cute costume. Got a size 3-4 but barely fits my 3 yr old. The material is thinner than I expected. Looks comfortable. Okay for a couple times use, I expect my boy to have holes in it pretty soon though.
Sent the wrong size but didn;t realize it until it was to late.because I ordered two and the other one I wore first and was right size! When I went to wear the navy I had already threw away the paper work and it was 2wks later.
I ordered these for my husband. The fit is great, but the fabric could be softer. All in all, not a bad buy.
Really funny I love it
Cute but very thin material. Well made otherwise.
Looks and fits as expected
Used for lingerie I am 5'3, 145 lbs curvy, 36d. The outfit is really cute! It comes as a three piece. Skirt, top, and panties. The panties fit great, the top fits good. The skirt fits but isn't a skirt not even for lingerie. It was made way too short to give an illusion of covering up anything. If you have a booty reconsider.
Good product and price
This was a baby shower gift for my little sister. she having this first girl in a long time. we can't wait to put her in all these cute colorful outfits. you should see this closet already
For the price ($10 as I write this) it's a GREAT deal. Don't expect a lot from the fabric. It's sturdy, but it's almost of a costume type material - a little stretchy. Colors are vivid and gorgeous. BUT READ THE SIZE CHART. An XXL here is only a size 12. Unfortunately, I'm a little bigger than that so it didn't work for me.
This is a great buy! I wore this dress to church ceremony and got a few great compliments. If you are someone who like to have your upper body covered, this dress is the one. The material stretches to fit your body's curves. You can add some fun belts to give it a bit of flare, too. I wore a petticoat with mine to make the dress flare out more. I highly recommend this. I am 5'1” and weight 178 pounds. The large fit great.
Perfectly fit as expected. Good price.
Awesome #BAL you can adjust it just the way you like it
Almost the perfect bathrobe - doesn't stay wet after a shower, hood is big enough to cover my whole head, very soft and I like the 2 colors. Technically it fits, but I almost want to get a size up so that it will be more snuggie-like. It just makes me cringe a little to order a size XL! But when this one wears out I may order the XL for maximum coziness.
fits good and comfortable!
Material is kind of tight so there is no stretch
This is super cute! Taking a star off bc it is INSANELY wrinkley post-washing. Ironing, ain't nobody got time for that.
Working out just fine
I love this hoodie except for one thing - you can probably wear football shoulder pads under it. =S Soft, warm, silk-like fabric sleeve lining and the body & hood are sherpa-lined.
No support at all. Assumed from the reviews it worked for larger breasts. I was wrong. Hate that I wasted money on them. * updated - While I will not purchase again the seller did offer a full refund and I was very satisfied with that!
Hats are nice and stretchy. But beware the red one will leak color during wash. I have several bodysuits that now are pink( and I have a boy. Also, he sometimes takes his hats off and chews on them. Certainly, I'd be concerned if color would leak then
Cute everyday fall dress. The material is comfy but stretches to white if any area is too tight. Not quite thick enough to stay warm.
It's perfect for an inexpensive costume.
This skirt very skater skirt like I don't mind that though
Nice hat. Stretches and is warm. Not itchy.
It almost fit perfectly, but it was too tight across my chest so I had to return it. I wish you had x-tra large.
Almost a free size. Purchased a xs/small. It fit my 9 yr old, and my sister who is 25. Size 8/10 in girls and 6 in women. Very thin material, but beautiful.
The quality is very good indeed. This blouse is exactly what I wanted. Thank you.
It serves its purpose, but it is a sheer material and it stays very wrinkly, it will never look as smooth as pictured.
These earmuffs do the trick for the long walk to and from the train station. The only drawback is that they may be a tad small for some people.
Bought them for my daughter as a holiday present and she loves them.
Love the fabric & length. I usually wear a 2x or size 18/20 dress, the biggest available when I ordered was the xl. I was afraid it wasn't going to fit but the material had a good amount of stretch to it & was perfect!!! The only complaint is the right shoulder side where the straps connect to the front were a weird cut (wasn't full coverage like the left side) , like if it were sewn wrong. I made it work though. I will most definitely order other colors.
The hat has an elastic band to keep it on. Broke within the first use. Great hat, though I wouldn't recommend in windy conditions as it blows off easily. Love that I can roll it up in my bag and it retains its shape when I whip it out. I have gotten several compliments on it.
Fit well . I did look at the reviews to find people who were my hight weight and bust size .
They are very comfortable, nice material, they seem to run a little big..
The fit and long sleeves were great. Just what I was looking for.
THank goodness I ordered up 1 size or else they wouldn't zip. I wear a 40DD or 40DDD and I ordered an XXXL and it barely zips. Well made and removeable cup liners.
This fit as I expected and looks good. It's not the best quality but it's okay for everyday wear with jeans. Must be very careful not to rip the threads when putting this on or taking it off though. The gathered part doesn't have elastic and is not sewn with a stitch that enables it to be stretched at all. So it's easy to pop the threads when pulling it over your head.... just stay aware of it. Size fits as expected, didn't shrink at all in dryer (80% Polyester). It's a keeper.
This is mostly fine. The body of the tank fits slightly on the smaller side. I normally wear M/L and ordered a L and XL based on other reviews and the L fit better. It is stretchy and comfortable and seems like it should work during pregnancy (I'm using it for nursing now). My only real issue is that the straps aren't really stretchy at all, which made it feel like they were pulling weirdly, especially when the weather got warmer later in the day and they felt like they were sticking to my skin a little.
This swimsuit is definitely cute! I wore it while kayaking and received several compliments on it. My only complaint is the sizing and extra fabric. My measurements are 5'4 158lbs 34DD and I got this in a Large. The top fit fine but I felt like there was a lot of unnecessary fabric on the cups and also the bottoms. So basically it does sag a bit. I probably should have sized down and the bottoms would have fit better but my boobs probably wouldn't have fit in the Medium cups. The bottoms are great for covering your belly if you're conscious about it like I am lol. Overall worth the purchase.
Have to see what they look like after a few washings. Great just out of the package.
Pretty thick and warm.
Fits well and very sexy
Sleeves are hard to keep folded. Everything else is fine
Very comfortable, but need to be some what stretchy especially since I'm expanding 😜
its a bit big but it will work.
My husband really likes them, I did not check for an opening in the fly area. Whoops should have checked,
Fit great for a plus size but the material around the butt was way too loose. Had to return only for that reason.
Liked the material it is soft and it was what I was looking for
It is a really nice texture and is a great gift to be given to anyone. Price also really nice.
The fit was perfect for my five year old. Sadly some of the flower pedals fell off and near the zipper there are a few strings loose, but other than that, it was a nice dress for the price.
I am 5' 8" BMI is 37. This shirt fits perfect. It is not a loose fit in the chest and waist. It is snug. The shoulders and arms are the perfect length for me and do not bind at all. The knit is somewhat thin so the durability may be an issue. I will be using it for Airsoft games so it should not be an issue. I would purchase another one without hesitation.
Levis come in size 34 and size 36 for the waist. I'm kind of like a 35. I also have thick thighs and short legs. So buying jeans can sometime be annoying. Because these are "regular fit" I went with a 36 waist and it's almost just right. Little big around the waist but the leg room is just right. They're totally fine with a belt.
Fabric is soft and fit well. Big busted and this dress worked
Nice shirt, beautiful color. Fits as expected, I typically wear a medium & the M fit perfectly. My only complaint is the material is pretty thin, not completely see through unless you're wearing something dark underneath. I plan to keep because I really like it, good summer shirt.
Perfect for my vacation!
Good feel fit is a bit baggy but a small probably would have been to small/short.
Fun headband but it is flimsy.
They are very comfortable & look great! I didn't like the red tips at the end of the drawstring (which was also a bit long) but nice pants otherwise.
Good jeans, have bought before and will buy again. Good quality jeans, well worth the money and delivered right to my front door.
Comfortable, fit well. Launder and dry with no odor. Fun and yet virtually no show once shoes are on!
This is a grate shirt true to size
Love it. My boobs are a little small. However my medium fits good. I'll post pics after I get the breast area altered.
Cute dress but a bit loose. I am 5'8, 145 lbs and usually wear a medium. I ordered a medium and it was very loose at the waist, it was boxy so I had to get it taken in. Other than that, I received a ton of compliments
I have this dress in a maxi as well and loved it. My only issue is that it is a little sheer in the bust area, however I am wearing it as a swim suit cover up and it'll work just fine. Great length, love that it has pockets, and it is so comfy! Definitely recommend.
I like this shirt, but don't love it. The fabric is quite thin, the lines from folding are still in the blouse despite having been machine washed. The shape isn't incredibly flattering and the fabric from the V in the front bunches up in an odd way. Still, I've worn a couple of times and like it enough, I just wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
Lovely material and color were great
big hit at Derby party. I have thick hair though so keeping it on at the angle back was difficult. I had to put on straight so thing it was a little to small. Still, was overall happy with how cool it looks in real life.
I read the reviews and ordered a Medium, which fits great! I'm 5'5, 136lbs. Flatters my figure but only giving 4 stars because the seams on the butt cut into me strangely. Not strange enough to stop me from wear it though. Its just not super flattering
Loved this dress. Wore it to chaperone prom and it was perfect. You can dress it up with heels or dress it down with flip flops!
Good fit. Light although it's like a sweater
These high waisted pants are wonderful. The color is super fun and they are beyond comfortable. I am a big fan of high waisted work out pants vs regular waist line. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that I would have liked a bit more compression, which is what I was expecting based on the name of the pants. However, these will be perfect for my home workouts and running errands.
The cotton fabric is soft and I love the color assortment options
It's a great buy and it's quality is good.
Very pretty sizing is small
Really cute but too short and I'm only 5'6
for the price it was great, used for a Dread Pirate Roberts princess costume. Got a lot of compliments at Halloween parties, would probably work for prince costumes as well. The boot was rather slim, and difficult to put over the shoe, I broke one of the elastics trying to get it on. Yet, the top of the boot was larger than expected, so I tied the laces underneath so it wouldn't slip down. Used black dress shoes underneath and many people commented on my 'boots'
It really just depends on your body. Some Girls fit it fine and some girls found it just not proportionate to their body. It still worked regardless! It's not padded so be aware! Put on some pasties or something! I'm 5'2” and 105lbs for reference and I wore a small. Most girls wore the medium and it was fine! Better to size up one if you aren't sure.
pretty dress just too large
I buy a lot of nursing items from the Hofish brand. I like that it's relatively inexpensive but usually gets the job done. I like the support these offer, but the sizing is a little off for me. I had a really hard time deciding what to order. I am 5'6" and 150 when pregnant. I ordered a large but I feel like the cups don't give me the coverage that I really need. I can't imagine that someone my size would be an extra large (Not that the sizing offends me, just that I can't imagine that I'm the biggest chest size they can serve). It does feel good, I just wish the cups were a little bigger. I pop out of these easily, so I couldn't wear them all the time. Probably would not work for bigger chested ladies, unfortunately.
Beautiful dress!!! However the waist is too tight on my daughter. She's a very skinny 4yo. I ordered the size 4/5. After wearing it for a little while she complains of the elastic band being too tight. Length is perfect though.
Works pretty well but not for large boobs
Prefect for Peggy Bundy costume! Big but not obnoxious, bangs are perfect length so you can still see, length and fullness is great. And the price is right!
Good quality and value.
Elastic waist gets tight after washing but the short length didn't shrink so that was good. Overall I don't wear very often because the waist can be uncomfortable.
Smaller than expected but cute
I can't wait to wear this when it cools down!
Your boi is tricking all his friends with deez socks
It is a bit smaller than i expected but i love it
I was surprised to hear a little swishing noise as I walked, actually, I thought someone was behind me and kept checking a few times before I realized it was the undies. It isn't as noticeable when I wear jeans. It's a little more plasticy feeling than I was hoping. It is comfortable enough though, and does a good job of catching little leaks, but can't be used for periods alone. The lining also ended up making the small of my back feel a little sweaty since it's not very breathable where the waterproof layer is. Overall, considering it's a pack of 5 for less than the price of a pair of Thinx panties, I'm still happy with my purchase. It will give me more peace of mind during that time of the month.
Very beautiful belt. I am a bit unsure still of the design for the release, however; I really like this belt.
Quality is great just not got the right size. It's a little bit small
Gonna wear over the summer at a childcare program. We go to the beach a lot. Think it will work great.
It is a nice jacket. It is kind of tight under the armpit area, however. I am very average to almost slender, so if you have a muscular upper body, I would think this would be uncomfortably tight. I gave it 4 stars because I can wear it, and it is a good jacket otherwise.
I worked for what I needed used it for a day for a wedding looked nice and made the dress fluff out like it was supposed to.
i love this fanny pack. it fits all the things it needs to, it looks awesome, and its durable
This suit is a basic suit and I may get 2 seasons out of it. Good fit, good support.
I love this bra! the bamboo fabric is soft and very comfortable. The cup inserts are removable, but I am leaving them in for now as they help round everything out. The shoulder straps are comfortable and don't cut in. I wear a 38C bra so I ordered the Large and it fits perfectly. Will order again!! The elastic banding under the breasts is not itchy and uncomfortable like an underwire bra is. And it is softer than my Barely There bras I had been buying.
Nice shirt, but runs a little small. Wrinkle free out of the dryer which is nice.
Good socks, bought as a gift. liked the colors. We'll see how they wear over time.
COMFORTABLE!!!! Really nice feel to them - wish they came in BLACK, though ... very nice quality. UPDATE - Ordered the same size and the waist was 2 INCHES larger and overall too Big! Why would the sizing change so much!
I am changing my review after trying on this bra. Initially I was sure it was an inferior knock-off (and still not convinced it isn't a fake) BUT for the price it's a very comfortable bra. I had planned to return but am keeping it now.
Flowy and very soft material. Really like the shirt except for the button area and shoulder stripes are bright white. Looks like they just sewed on white cheap ribbon. Other than that, cute top.
I'm 5'8 and I am usually a medium in things. This fit so nicely except there was just a little extra material around the lower hip part sticking out. I'm hoping I can flatten it out with a steamer. Other than that it very elegant !!
Dress is cute, had to fix the area with the belt so it didn't look funny. Nice pattern and thickness.
Not as full as I would like but it fit the purpose
This top is a little heavy in weight for Arizona summers, it is really pretty and if I were a larger woman it would fit me better!
Material was very nice.
Cute design, but the proportions are weird. I should have ordered 2 sizes up to accommodate legroom and torso. However, the arms are way too long! Overall, still good; not scratchy or anything.
I'm a medium and ordered a large and the large fit me perfect !
Definitely keeps you warm. Fits as expected. Feels kinda rubbery but overall does the job for warmth! The length is more of short on real life compared to the model.
The only thing i have to say is the stitching is good right now but it looks low quality time will tell
Love this tank...however I followed the measurements and found that the size I ordered is too big....
I'm pretty happy with this dress! I followed the advice in other reviews and sized up and it fits perfect. I was worried about it looking cheap but I don't think it does at all. Great for the price!
Accessories were perfect for my Roaring 20s party. Everything was good quality. Only issue I had was the gloves left my hand and arms black when I took them off
Material isn't the greatest, but hey they are 9 dollars. Look small on my face, but not the products fault
Work a 12 hour rotating shift legs get tired but since wearing these compression socks I have noticed a big difference my knee doesn't bother me my feet don't swell and my legs feel energized. I would totally recommend this product . Even considering giving as Christmas gifts this year.
First one came crushed, returned and second one is fine, love the hat , needed a light colored one
Good fit. Color and style are as represented in the photo
This top is adorable! Fits as expected!
I bought this to match a red suede bag I recently was gifted from Sundance. My bag is a deeper red, so this wallet isn't as dark as I would've liked but overall it is a really well made and high quality wallet and a great size (not too big). Out of all the red/burgundy wallets I researched on Amazon, this was the closest match.
Aside from the fake button, it's a great shirt. Fits great and very soft material.
Mask was perfect but cape is pretty loose. We bought really for the mask (to replace a lost mask to a Halloween costume) so we were not disappointed. The kids still use the cape though, but just for dress up play around the house. They love it!
Great fit but it looks like a cowboy shirt....lol
THE FIT WAS GREAT...
I'm 5'7 and these are great except I expected them to be a bit longer and tighter at the bottom. They are slightly above my ankle and get looser about three inches above the bottom hem. I think the material is quality and great I just wish they were longer.
This Tunic is very nice and the teal color is beautiful. My reason for reducing a star is that it runs quite small. I wear between a medium and a large and ordered a large, but the sleeves are tight and it's a bit tight around the chest. It flows nicely and is well made and the length is great for a tunic. The fabric is heavier than I thought it would be, and I will try some other colors.
Long soft comfy t-shirt. Great for lounging. Throw on belt and shoes and you can be presentable in about 2 minutes.
FELLS GOOD WHEN WEARING
Shirt is a bit short in the torso for me but I have a long midsection. Quality is good.
My Granddaughter was extremely pleased with the art wok, and it fit well. It has not been laundered as yet, we'll see how that goes.
Super warm, a little short for me but I'm taller than most.
Good quality and very stylish
Really cute top and the fit is perfect. It flares gracefully just below your hips. l purchased both the Red (more of a Rose) and the Black.
Socks are like lightweight, soft and cozy. Colors are nice too. Only reason it didn't get a 5 is that they could be a little tighter as I find myself tugging them up throughout the day. And I'm a ladies shoe size 10 medium width! If your feet are size 8.5 or under I might consider other socks.
honestly, i thought that it would look a lot more like the pic style wise. When it arrived it looked a little more cheap looking. The fabric is 100% polyester. It was really comfortable and light all until i went to lift my arms in the shape and motion of giving someone a hug. It felt a bit too snug when I had plenty of room in the chest and waist area. Something seemed off with the arms, almost a little too tight due to the fabric used, does NOT stretch so be mindful.
Super comfy! I followed review advice and ordered a size up and they fit beautifully
Like everything about these gloves, good fit ,good and warm.
Fit is great and so is the material, got tons of compliments on it. Only down fall when washed (and hung up to dry) it got about 2 inches shorter.
Fits like it said, came on time. Med. weight knit cotton, good for the price. I would buy it once more.
Good value for well-made T-shirts. These shirts are all I will buy now. Material is excellent and they do not shrink much.
This is a nice suit; I would order it again. But the trunk runs long in the body. The zipper is a little uncomfortable at first but I did not notice it at all on second wear. Pattern every bit as pretty as pictured.
I purchased this to use as a toddler diaper bag and it's great. It fits her diaper pad, diapers, food and snacks, and a bib. Perfect for a few hours out. I also like how as she gets older, this can become her school backpack.
I love this sweater but the pockets are on the side-butt area instead of in the front. Not very noticeable but I like to put my hands in my pockets so it's kind of useless for me
Love that this jacket is longer in length and lined with something fun. Nice sizing, as well. Hood is big enough for an adult head! Lively colors you will enjoy.
Fabric is kind of thin but colors are nice. I liked it enough to order another
I liked this unique tshirt and bought it for our trip to Universal. I had to order it in a Large because it was the only size I could get with Prime shipping. I normally wear a small so I was worried I'd swim in it but it turned out that it ran small and was comfortably big. I'd suggest ordering one size up!
I'm a small guy 135, 5' 4". This fits comfortably on the biggest it adjusts to. If you're a bigger guy, you're going to have trouble with it! I don't really like how the clips can show bumps on your pants, but it works good. Worried that the clips rubbing will show wear on my pants later like a wallet in your back pocket.
Ordered up one size and they fit great, maybe a little big in the waist. Very comfortable.
Love the way it fits. Nice and warm up to 40F without alot of wind. However, expose this to a wind-chill and 35F and you're miserable. Does repel water nicely for now.
I am very pleased with this purchase. The colors are slightly more muted than the product pic, but still lovely. I typically wear a US 6, and the M is a perfect fit. The dress is flowy and has a thin lining, so it's light without being see through. I'm 5 ft 4 in and it comes to my ankles like the model. Definitely would buy another print.
Great support for larger chest
I love the vest! I labeled it as tight, however, it could be tight or snug depending on what size you get! I have not had any issues with the vest.
Super comfortable but the black paneling goes up too far in the crotch and appears like camel toe.
When others said they run big and to size down i was skeptical so i didn't... now I'm wishing i would have listened! The material is great and i love the waist trainer but after one workout it's already way too big. I could send back but that's too much hassle for $15 so i Will def repurchase just 1 or 2 sizes smaller
Great shirt with great message. The “e” in We does look slightly off, though. It will shrink even when you wash as directed
These slacks are comfortable, light, and attractive. Perfect for a warm summer day.
Purchased these to wear when I mow. These things work great to keep the dust and debris out of your nose and mouth.
As Expected! Good fabric
It compresses well, very comfortable to wear walking around, it does ride up often if you bend over,very stretchy I am a size 50 chest 300 pounds I'm 5”10 and I got a 2x it's pretty decent
comfortable, and easy to put on, just slip it over my head. nice to change in to when I get home.
Didn't like the smell. Otherwise they were very cute and fit great.
A little uncomfortable around the waist, but these are by far the best at keeping you dry if you tend to sweat a lot.
Looked good, the design was a bit faded and there were hoodie strings ( I didn't know there were).
Had a hole in one pair within two weeks. Size fit well and it feels wonderful !
they look well made an i will rate 5 stars if they hold up after a couple washes
When I initially ordered this skirt I had low expectations but when I received it I found myself more surprised on how much I liked it. It's soft, flowy, looks fairly elegant, and it's not see through. It has a double layer on the top part of the skirt if you're concerned about it being see-through but I haven't had any issues. I am 5'9, 150 pounds and I ordered a large. Really it doesn't matter what size you order as it wraps around and you tie the strings together however you like it. My only issue with it is that I wish it could be a little longer as the longest part just reaches my ankles. The skirt is a lot lighter of a tan than I was expecting as well so be careful about what you pair it with, and if you're like me it drains me of my color
I have naturally cold hands. My hands get uncomfortable when I'm drinking a beer outdoors in a chilly room. So I always wear gloves. These gloves do a decent job of keeping my hands from being exposed to cold air, but when it got pretty cold out, my hands didn't necessarily feel "warm". They work well enough, though.
These are cute and soft. I purchased the 12-24 sized leggings.. I am a 14 and they're small. There is no way a size 24 person could fit into them.
Edit: added a star. No seepage from wet snow and warmer than expected when active. No teal insulation so holding a legal shovel handle is cold, but when doing other stuff they trap the heat well. Seems nice enough, haven't tested on weather yet, but when trying it on a wrist strap (which is absolutely necessary) tore out of it's stitch. The seller didn't respond to my inquiry about it either. I had to fix it myself and it was a day old.
I love this skirt. It's perfect. I only wish they made it with pockets.
Love the style, very comfy!
Jumpsuit runs a little small. Material is as advertised, color matched, came with sash detached for style options.
The product was decent for the price however came with a deep wrinkle in it that was hard to get out.
Not for public, great for private.
Knowing whatever size I ordered this dress, I was going to have it tailored. Ordered a 2x and it was quite large so reordered two in a 1x. Size was better but one of the 1x dresses was same style but a completely different fabric type and fit. I am 5'2", 147 lbs, generally a size 12 dress. Kept the correct 1x and it was tailored just right. I could probably have worn an XL in the proper style dress but it was unavailable. Using this dress as an alternative uniform for my job.
Great for my 90 year old father. Elastic zipper and button. Just wish they came in lengths
Quite heavy and warm. Good quality. Great value.
Very cute and what i expected! A little see through in some parts but I had a long kimono wrap on with it so it didn't matter. Very soft breathable material and I got a lot of compliments on it!
Was pretty cool, loved the wig and the dino bone necklace. I just wish the dress has been a little thicker of material
Good color and style. The length is a little short (below the calf). If you are not bothered by socks that slide down routinely, these socks are a good deal. The quality of the fabric is a bit better than others that I have purchased in the past.
Not as stretchy as I had hoped, but they fit great.
Nice skirt! Material is light! Just A little snug and a little shorter with heels on.
Sturdy construction. Warm. I love these. 4/5 stars because when the mitten is fully engaged the fingers are a bit cramped
I bought this three pack of bras after searching for some comfortable, non-underwire bras that would fit my 38DDD chest. I purchased the recommended size 3x and it fits a little looser than I was expecting but they really are very comfortable and give a pretty good amount of support. If I had gone down a size, the fit would have been more like a sports bra. The pads are removable, which is nice because they do shift around a bit with wear and after washing.
Nice otherwise but I had hoped for more roomy around the waist.
I love this shirt! It is very soft and comfortable. I usually wear a medium, so that is what I ordered. I wish I would have sized up because I wanted it to fit loose like the picture. It was more like a fitted tee in the medium. I would definitely recommend it still!
I like this overall look of a fitted curved dress. The bright yellow color enables the season of spring to be in effect. However, the material is very easily to be dirtied and very noticeable to the public.
Great product! Quality fabric and right fit
I purchased the two-pack (style #5) in the smallest size, which should have fit well. As far as size, the belts are merely "okay" because they are much looser than expected. The belts are both 28" long, which is large for stretch belts for a 28" waist. However, the belts are both very attractive and seem to be well made. So 5 stars for appearance and 3 stars for fit, averaging 4 stars.
Wore for my 26th birthday. Everyone loved it! It was so cute.
Bought for my daughter & granddaughter's March birthdays. I'm glad I ordered early because it took a while to come in. Graphics are great.
I like the feel of the shrug.
These are comfy, but the cut is odd. The length and waist are fine but it's like they sewed an upside an v shape that narrows in the wrong spot. If you have love handles or broad hips I'd opt for something else. But they are warm and soft with sparkley threads so I kept them.
Cute little outfit! However, the straps would not stay on her shoulders. Other than that, it's super cute.
I don't know why in the name they're called workout leggings. I would definitely not work out in these. I love the material that they're made out of though. And they're pretty dope. I get a lot of compliments when I wear them.
Material is great and looks super cute. If you have large breasts, they will fall out just a lil bit.
Very soft and comfortable
I ordered a 2xl sweater and were large to xl and it fit snug
Pretty ser. The bottoms are very high waisted and have an awkward fit.
Just slightly thinner than I would prefer, but fit is reliable and good. Price is good, too.
My favorite brush ever. Gently untangles baby fine hair without breaking it off. I only wish it was smaller, or better yet, came in a travel size.
I love this top. It's super soft and comfy. I would have given it 5 stars but the color didn't quite match. The green was a lot lighter than what the picture shows. Also I'm 5'7 160lbs and the medium fit perfectly.
For reference - I'm a 38 G and a 29 pant size. The large fit beautifully. The cut is a line so you could be bigger pant size and large still work. I haven't put something on that fit this well and was that comfortable in a long time. 4 star rating because the buttons are decoration not real buttons. I ordered it for nursing and it doesn't work for that. Also it will need to be steamed before wear and the material clearly wrinkles kind of badly may have some linen in it? But. It's cute. Comfortable. And on trend.
These are made well but not for small hands/arms. I can't keep them on, they are for larger women or men (if men chose to wear cable knit gloves).
Very soft and so cute! I am TALL, 6 ft 1in. (all legs) with flat boots and this dress hits about 2 inches above my knee. I love the pockets!!!!!!! I have the red and navy and there is no difference in sizing between the too. I normally wear an 8 dress, but ordered a L in these.
The inescapable problem with adhesive bras is that if you plan on wearing them all day it might get a little sweaty. When it gets sweaty, the adhesive can't stick anymore. Fortunately it's not a huge enough problem, just be aware that you may have to remove it, clean it off and reapply in the middle of the day or else risk realizing your bra is suddenly floating around in your shirt and not stuck to you anymore. That being said, the Bra fit fine, it was simple to apply and use. It does provide some support, but if you are a 34C or lower expect results like the model picture you might need to keep looking. I would recommend this product to others simply because it is an affordable strapless backless option and not a bad product. I have owned two before this one, and I have worn this one twice. It works fine.
I weigh 120, 29 inch waist, a cup bust. I ordered a large because a lot of people on here were saying to order a size up. Welp, the large fits good. The outfit came in great quality. The large is like a regular large. And the skirt is good aswell. It hangs a little below my hips. Kinda think I should've got a medium. But I'm keeping this. Am very happy with the results.
The sizing is a little off. Still, very cute and the material is great.
The shirt quality is fine, but it runs small. I usually order a large since I like my t-shirts to be a bit loose, but this is too tight, and I had to return it. Note that it is a bit tapered at the waist.
Well made fit was tough to work with
It great. Light weigh. Fits as it should.....shoulders look they were ripped opened.
Definitely wouldn't classify this as a dress but looking forward to wearing it with leggings this fall.
Little tight around the hips.
I would give this 5 stars but it's very long. Had to tie in a knot to prevent from dragging on the ground. Still really cute though! Super soft and has pockets!! 😍 I'm 5' and 115lbs I ordered a small
This belt and buckle is very well made, but the latch can be a little tricky at times
Cute, fit well but shrank after a delicate wash
Cute. Fits well. Bottoms are see through.
These bras are so comfortable. But they sent me a white and black Instead of grey and black. I noticed it happened to everyone else here so buyer beware. I decided to keep them anyways because they are just that good
Good shorts. The fabric is thin and comfortable. These are breathable so I don't feel very stuffed when I wear them. The length is past the knee so it feels very different when I've been wearing shorts coming up to the knee or shorter but these are comfortable. The fit is as expected since I followed the size chart. I can also adjust the waist easily with the drawstrings. I have to take off one star because the pocket had a hole in it. It's not a big deal since I can repair it easily but clothing should not come damaged. Overall very comfortable short
I ordered a size up and it fits perfectly, not too tight. But it did arrive with the tag sewn on the front of the dress.
Great price and looks nice; however, I am petite and this barely reached the waistband of my pants. I prefer a cami that has a bit of length to securely tuck in.
Normall I wear a medium in swimsuits. I ordered the large which fits slightly snug especially around the chest. overall a cute bathing suit. make sure to adjust the strings before putting this on because once it is on it is really hard to adjust them.
they are good, not what I expected but I am keeping them
Durability after wash & drying will garnish this shirt higher marks.
I wished they made bigger sizes, but worked for my sisters wedding. Mostly comfortable
These socks are great fabric and look well made, but they are HUGE! They come up to my daughter's thighs. We fold them down, so it's not a huge deal. I was just surprised at how long they are.
I got these shorts to throw in the gym bag for after work exercise. I ended up getting more just to lounge in.
Beautiful design and the Red color is perfect. My daughter doesn't want a puffy dress, so this great. I just wish it came a little shorter.
Got a medium and it was fine. I am 5'2” and 150. Wish it was dryer safe. I hate flat and hang dry. Tunic is soft and on the thin side. Definitely layer in cooler weather.
Given the price, I thought it would be a heavier jacket, which is why I purchased it. I will probably end up returning it because I need a heavier coat. Otherwise, it's a nice jacket, just not what I was looking for.
Good product gets the job done.
The dress is gorgeous however I am a size 8 and ordered a LG and it was too tight. I needed help to get it off LOL
Looks just like the picture. However i expected it to be a thick and warm hoodie. It is made very thin. Looks good though.
Visor is okay but it was shipped poorly. This should come in a box not envelope. It was very bent/misshapen when I received it. Had to work hard to get the visor curbed the right way again.
Kinda wish I went with a size small instead of a medium, it's baggy on the crotch, but it still looks good and I'll have a skirt on over this.
It was almost too big, but after a wash and dry it fits great!
Granddaughter loves these, especially the bow.
5'6" 120lbs ordered size small. Fits just right. Hangs about 1-2" off the ground. It's not form fitting around the rib cage/stomach area. Which I personally like. That way I don't feel like I have to suck in all the time. It's a little gappy around the underarms but with my sports bra I don't really notice it. All in all it's super comfy and cute.
Excellent quality. Exactly as described.
I got the denim version and the black ones. Both tend to slide down a lot with no belt or if you're wearing slippery panties... Otherwise I love these as my running around pants, very comfy and stretchy. The black ones are less stretchy than the denim ones though.
Seems to be decent quality for the price. A little snug through the shoulders though.
I bought these to wear during pregnancy. They are very soft and don't ride up. The elastic is not the most softest I've ever felt, but overall I'd still buy more.
Pants fit perfect , top a little small but it was fine
as described. fits a bit snug so order next size up if you like roomy scrubs, comfy and love the pockets, flattering
They look like they are going to fit nicely.
My husband really likes them. They are so warm and fit perfect .
They were exactly as I thought they'd be but are just a little long for my above average height three year old.
I bought it for my 2 year old son..I'm satisfied.
I'm 5'6 135 athletic build. I wear a size 6 or a medium usually, and I ordered a large in this after seeing reviews. It runs small, so size up. I definitely have room in it, but wouldn't want it much smaller as a romper. It doesn't have any stretch. It is super cute on, so it will be something I'll wear frequently, dressing up or down!
This bra certainly makes a statement and hold the puppies up at attention. But I am large 36G and I found wearing all day at work difficult. It's like the weight all pushed on my sternum. So I'm keeping this one for special occasions as it certainly looks good.
The person looks as is in the picture however it is a bit too big for and everyday wallet.
A little stiff. Had a good lining and was medium weight, but I returned it due to the stiff feel of the fabric, especially at the collar.
Not having tested it in 35 below weather it is hard to tell how well it really works, but the people I gifted them to, liked them as socks, except for the somewhat tight fit for a size 9. Cant imagine how a big shoe size would fit.
It was lovely! A little to long. but It was soft and comfortable! I would buy again. 😊
Comfortable. Great panties. Perfect for work.
Great for one night at Halloween and/or kids play dress up. However, the connecting velcro holding it together is not made to withstand rough use and frequently required readjusting.
They are rougher feeling and not a stretchy as the other lighter classics. Add an inch if you are used to them being fairly stretchy.
Not too thick or thin! But perfect tall socks for under knee high boots this fall. Would even be cute over leggings with short boots. So many options. Great buy!
This jacket is really cute. The peplum isn't as dramatic as I n the picture but it's still very flattering. I think after I iron it a little and go over the creases it will look a little more flared. The material isn't denim it's like a jegging jacket which I actually really like because it's fitted but not constricting. Has a nice stretch to it. I ordered a small because that's all they had for next day shipping . It fits well I usually wear a medium in non plus size a large in Asian sizing so the small plus size was perfect. If the jacket wasn't stretchy it would be too small I have a d chest and I can almost close all the buttons I wasn't planning on buttoning it anyways so 🤷‍♀️ I like it
A bit large but a few washes and they will probably fit fine. My daughter likes them and they are good quality.
Looks just like the picture. Nice and long and you can wear shorts underneath. The skirt part of the suit can go over your shorts. Had bra cups/pads that were way too small for me and looked odd, but there's a slit on the side to pull them out. Wish there was a little more bust support instead of the cup/pads.
Really cute run a bit small i would buy a size up
What I liked the most is how thin these socks are. Being to large right out of the package they were perfect after they were washed. I wear size 12 shoe so I ordered x-large. The long term wear remains to be seen.
This is really cute but it doesn't have the lining in the bottom to be labeled a swimsuit. Very cute though!
It was for my granddaughter's 18th Masquerade Birthday Party. It was perfect. If I were to complain about anything, it would be the weight... with all the beads, it was on the heavy side; but it didn't bother me while wearing it.
Women should size down. I have large calf's and wear an 8.5 shoe. Large too long. Great compression. Just fold the top down to make them work. Great value and cute.
Love this suit! Fits almost perfect. I am 5”3 and 145 pounds, I ordered a large. The bottom fits perfect and the top is a little big around but is totally manageable!
Beautiful velvet kimono! I love how the flowers are see through. A few errors with the fringe at the bottom, but easily fixed. Overall, I would recommend.
Husband likes these but notices no difference between these and the cheaper options by Hanes.
I usually wear a medium but this one was somewhat small. The sizes are smaller than actual size.
Very comfy and cute!
Great shirt! It's also comfy to wear under work clothes or in public.
the ruffles are a little too big but it is a versatile swimsuit.
The fabric is soft and comfortable, fitting is nice. Color is vibrant and it even comes with headband accessory. Looks really cute, perfect for summer outing.
Product is nice and very comfortable to wear. I like it.
Cute dress but they sent the wrong print. I ordered the the print with the green palm leaves over the pink background and they sent a brown on brown dress. Kind of disappointing.
Fit well. I work out a lot and wore them without compression shorts at the gym, and they did great under those conditions.
Good quality for the price!
SPF 50 but lightweight and comfortable on the beach
These are very comfortable and easy to clip. They are on the longer side but I have a long torso and also like the added coverage over my pants.
Variety color is awesome. Hard not find the color you're looking for. However they are a bit small. Which makes some of the folds a bit difficult.
Nice underwear. No panty lines.
Beautiful stretchy jacket. Nice color and so far snaps and buttons are durable. If you are between large an XL like me you should order a large. Wrangler Is a very old American company so their clothes are made true to size, and I like that.
Great basic bikini for the price. Purchased a M and I'm typically a 6 or 8. Light removable padding was what I was looking for and the bottoms are cut perfectly. Would give it five stars if the bottom ties were reinforced a bit more.
this is very well made I bought the 18 months for my 1.5 yr old granddaughter and it is too big for her at the moment I will hang on to it! I saw a picture of a friend of mines 6 yr old daughter wearing one and they love it!
The caps arrived on time and were as advertized.
Beutiful tiara. Bought it for my wedding, but ended up returning because it was too big. There were quite a few jewels missing, but overall very pretty and reasonably priced.
Suit fits good. A little worried about the girls falling out. But we will see how it goes when I wear it on vacation.
My daughter loves them!
Top and bottom fit as if two different sizes.
We like the design and how nicely it fits.
loved them but the color fades everywhere but the bottom line after one wash into weird grey color.
I want to love this wallet more than I do. It's super cute. But it is a hair bigger than I thought it would be, and the card slots are very tight. Obviously with some use it will loosen up. Cute though! Thanks.
This is my daughter's Halloween costume this year. She loves it!
Love, only wish there was a rubber lining inside to hold them from sometimes rolling down.
Soft and comfy. I love lounging in it!
Shirt fit perfectly. The shorts were a little big but worked with a belt
Good buy. i wear large in clothing and i bought small in the belt. that's how much stretch it has. really good
Very nice, but wish the pompoms were a little larger on the top.
The colors are great, the material is good, the assembly is great. But the tags say hand wash..... No tag can tell me how to run my life. I'll admit I'm lazy. I didn't check the washing instructions before I ordered them. So when they came, they look equal to the bras I bought at penny's in the same style. But I'm lazy and if I can't wash it I don't want it. So I took on fate and machine washed them. And then machine dried them. (With some towels) they survived!!!! Although if you are brave, don't let them sit wet for too long because previous experience, that can mess up the cups.
Very good quality with perfect fit
Not bad at all, I gave 3 stars because some of the thread came out, but nice shirt!
The pockets worked out well. The neck was a little too long for my body type. I loved the thin material. Worked great for the beach.
Nice sweater! Warm and stylish! It made lint balls quickly is why I didn't give it 5 stars.
My daughter absolutely loves this skirt! I wish it was a bit longer.
Love the color, Wish that the jacket had Velcro closure along with the zipper.
Pretty nice fit for the price, but was too short. I ordered a small, and reordering as a medium since my long torso made it hard to get into the dress. While the top fit well and didnt have a cleavage or gaping opening problem, the bottom romper part was awkwardly sitting at my butt line. 5'4 and 125 lbs, 34a cup, athletic build, long torso. Hope the medium goes well!
Lightweight and durable.
I'm really bummed because I was excited about this dress- I ordered a medium based on other reviews and the size charting- I should have gone with a small. Very loose fit at the top (and I'm pretty busty) and just overall, unflattering. Returning now to order a smaller size. Other than the size, I love it! Nice material, pretty lace pattern at the top- hopefully the new one will be perfect. :)
Very comfortable and good fitting. Love these shorts.
this is my 4th the one with round buckel comes loose then have to keep trimming it starting to get to tight other wise like the way they fit
These are very nice socks, but not $15 dollars nice. They are very comfortable and fit like a glove. Lovely feel. But at $15 dollars a pair? If they were $5 a pair I'd consider buying more. $15 per pair is just overkill. I believe in buying quality products. You get what you pay for, but this...no.
love this shirt and I get compliments all the time. I wish there was some grip to the shoulders to help it stay in place.
It fits and looks very nice. After I wear it in the cold I will update my review
It's basically a piece of sheer cloth but I don't think I read the description well enough because I was expecting more of a bathing suit cover up.
It came with a 1.5 inch hole on one side of the waist that I had to stitch up, but other than that I loved it.
their jeans, can't say much about jeans.
These are a nice quality cotton pant. They run large and I do not know why they are so costly. You can buy shapewear for less. You can go down a size with no problem.
Super cute little summer outfit. The quality is not quite as good as some other baby outfits I've ordered on Amazon - there were a few loose threads, etc. Overall, I am happy however.
A Bit Snug around the waist for a 2X.
I love this sweater for work, only downside is the pockets being unstitched.
I ordered a size up because my butt is larger than the rest of me, and like every other pair of jeans/shorts I buy, the waist is too big. You can see my underwear in these if I don't have something underneath. They are good quality though.
I ordered this slip in a size M. It fit perfectly. (I am 5'4") I wore it with multiple dresses and it blends in well. I like the versatile design of the top with either the v neck cut or the straight cut. I changed it based on the dress. I haven't tried to wash yet so hopefully it stays the same. The material also feels like quality and is super soft.
Very comfy but fit is much larger than I expected. I'm pregnant so it really doesn't make a difference to me right now, but if I wasn't pregnant I'd be very disappointed
Needed to order a smaller size sometime you should not believe what they say about size expectations
I like these a lot but they don't fit very well on kids with a tiny waist/no butt they would probably fit well if child was still in a diaper though. We still wear them for dance though so they can't be too bad if we're making them work in spite of the fit.
Leggings is an overstatement - more like tights
LOVE these shirts! I was looking for another great loose, yet clingy girly v neck to wear after American Eagle opted to change their soft and sexy v necks to give them shorter sleeves and a shorter overall cut. Only negative think I can say is that the material and fit seems to vary just a little between some of the colors I ordered, but I've come to expect that from Amazon orders. I've gotten one in most of the colors now and I wear pretty much daily.
The shorts are very comfortable but I do have a couple complaints. The gusset doesn't seem to come forward enough so the front seam can cause some slight separation of lady parts. Also don't use these if you are going to sweat. They show sweat very well!
Short and rides up. Very cute while standing still but any movement causes them to ride you your crack.
I love these scrubs and have received many compliments on them. The only thing is I am 6 ft tall and the tall is too long but the regular is too short.
I am going to a Prince paint and sip party. I needed a t-shirt with prince logo on it. I know that Amazon will be the place to buy and I love the shirt.
This jumpsuit offers the right amount of cleavage, to still have a sexy yet classy look. I decided to wear a body shaper underneath, this jumpsuit have me the perfect hour glass figure.
Skirt is nice and well made, however found it to be fuller and longer than expected maybe should have tired a smaller size.
I liked that the exact product was delivered
Its very comfy and not too bulky like other snow pants. The pockets are kinda hard to get to cause of the zippers but i dont wear this to skii or any snow sports. I work outside a lot so i bought it for the snow proof and windproof part. Works great!!
Good quality...fit as a dress though
Loved the color and style.
Gave it 4 stars because the straps kept coming undone from the clasp in the had. Had to sew the clasp tighter so it had a snug fit and wouldn't come undone. Other than that thought the swimsuit was great!
Was very cute and my 8 year old loved it!
I really like the style of these tanks, but they seem to run a little small.
They run an inch over the belly button, so I don't wear them with pants. This works for dresses, but gives me a limited wardrobe to wear them with.
Loved the fit and style. Very versatile, look good with Jean or dress slacks.
With the ratchet fit this belt fits much better the the regular belt with holes. I was a little challenging to loosen the belt initially but figured it out after the second use.
A bit smaller than expected, but cute. It's too snug for me to feel comfortable wearing, but if they had a larger size, I'd buy it again!
Shirt is great! The material of the shirt was medium-thin and the print of the shirt was made me give it a 4 star rating. It isn't bad but it isn't amazing either. It is an officially licensed shirt!
Bought in my normal size 14. Fit fine. They are straight cut and fit that way. They are stretchy, but I like that. Wash well. My only issue is the front pockets. They are Useless!!! Too shallow. And after a few washes they bunch up and come outside the pocket and look horrible. I'm trying to find a way to sew them shut.
Nice wallet...but it will set off metal detectors. My last RFID walet did not.
I got the women's size and they are huge on my 6 1/2 foot, I'm hoping they shrink because they're exactly what I needed.
A bit more see-through but love the color and fit
Love the material, though the sizing ru.s a bit small in width In length, I can cheerfully say I jave never had pants this long, and I am 6'2". Thank uou
My daughter wore it once and the seam already tore. Other than that fits well and is a light spring outfit.
Vinny really liked getting in the mail as a surprise
Good Find! Only hand wash or delicate cycle with hand dry
I should have bought a smaller size, but this is a great product and a fun piece to have in my wardrobe for when I want a more vintage look!
I was going to send this back, but I decided I can deal with it being a little wide in the waist. The 5X ended up a little wider than I expected it would be. I like the material and the lace.
Searched for cotton not a cotton blend. The socks are fine for what I needed but I will continue to look for all cotton-I will be sure to read more carefully. This product has a description of cotton which is misleading-think it should read cotton blend.
I got this for my daughter, size 6, she is 6 and can usually fit into size 6 clothing. This runs small. It's cute and good quality, however, she's worn it only a few times and has already outgrown it.
Fits kind of loose, like a shirt rather than a bra. But it was worth the price and fits ok
I was hoping for a loose, slouchy fit beanie but these fit like regular beanies. Still look nice and are warm.
Fits nice. Makes me look like I'm lost in the outback.
Beautiful dress, just did not fit
The are very nice jeans, not quite at waist or below waist just different, fit just a little snug but ok. I would buy again
I wore it all December
Its so soft. I love it
Love these little booties! I'm on my third pair now at 11 mo old. They run a little small but he's not walking yet so they keep his feet warm on outings.
Good quality but get at least 1 size larger
The shirt is nice, very comfortable but the collar frayed and had 2 small tears between where collar and shirt met after a couple of washes. Otherwise, nice shirt.
They came a week early which surprised me! But as a 5'6” 150lbs woman who usually wears medium everything, definitely should've gone to a large. These are skin tight and a bit see through.. I do recommend them, just order a size up!
Pros: color matches EXACTLY as shown in the picture. I got the olive green with ivory lace trim - super cute. The entire suit is lined and has nice "suck you in" fabric and lightly padded bra cups. The back straps are adjustable for a more customized fit up top too. Con: if you are on the short torso side, the suit might be long in the body, the back comes up almost mid back instead of hitting at the small of your back. Think more full coverage sort of look. Consider sizing down.
Loved these for my son. He is starting to stand and grab onto everything and these are great for him. They keep his feet warm now that it's cold and help him keep his balanced. I bought them a little large so he could grow into them.
I bought this handbag for my daughter and she loves it. The material is good but I initially thought it was larger.
Only reason I give a 4 out of 5 is because some of the bras were a little scratchy on hem, which caused some discomfort in the beginning. Overall, good quality bras. Keep shape and size after washing. Easy to clip on and off.
Not super soft, but good quality and really cute.
Loved everything about them but were super skinny. Fit my waist and thighs but way too snug on my lower legs. I recomend considering to order a size up. I had to return them.
they are very comfortable
Cute pjs. Thin fabric, but comfortable. My fiance loves them.
It's a beautiful skirt, but the green is a bit lighter than the picture. I'm 5'6” 135lbs and the small sits right at my ankles.
I will be giving this away as a present instead of sending it back. It was much smaller than I thought. Otherwise, it is very nice.
Nice shirt ! Looks good on !
Very comfortable and cute and definitely go to bra.
I like the fit, except the waist band is tight, and one pocket is sewed partly closed. Otherwise, nice looking pants, good butt, hip fit and length.
I think the fit and style is cute but the material is weird and plastic feeling.
Would love to have given it 5 stars .The costume Fits my 2yr old son great but the belt had to altered a little bit
Overall a great value for the price. The jacket fit as expected and the mask is just what I was looking for. I gave it 4 stars because the mask needed lots of modifications to be comfortable. I cut holes in the nose and the top for breathability and added an extra strap on the back to hold it in place. The jaw piece was cut back a bit for comfort and aesthetics. I was able to wear it comfortably for 4 hrs with these adjustments. Would've like the jacket in blue. Even with these flaws it was a great costume. Everyone knew I was the Beast even if my 4yr old Belle wasn't with me. I got tons of compliments on it and don't regret the purchase.
Love the color and the field is nice. Really good quality for the price. I would buy again.
Love the fit of these pants with the athletic band. Would be awesome if the had and extra pocket on the leg
I totally got the wrong size, I ordered a large because I figured it would shrink in the wash, other than that I like it.
I really like it, just the straps don't go up as far as I would like. Love the material, so soft.
Well made with consistent sizing, over the calf as described.
The costume was comfortable and kept my husband warm. He wished that it had pockets and that the mask was larger, he ended up having to use a different mask that actually fit.
I have had belts like this before and I like them .. this is nice with the pattern rather than just clear plastic. Thanks
These are the best leggings and not see through. I can wear a medium when I usually wear a large so you may want to size down. I'm okay with that! I should mention that I don't use these to workout only for leisure wear. I workout and have 50+ pair of leggings. These are my favorite.
Good fabric, looks a little too much. But overall good.
Wife thought it was a bit small
Has a great look to it but the material is kind of cheap so it can get a bit uncomfortable.
Product as described
These are well made shorts with a good weight denim. 11 inches is a good length, reaching to the knee. Very nice fit, accurate waist size. I really like the cell phone pocket, but I don't like that it's located on the back of the leg. It would be better on the front so as not to sit on the phone and easier accessibility.
I ordered these using the common size range for US products. Be sure, before you order to check the manufacturer's sizing chart. Unless you're looking for something more form fitting. In the desert we like clothing a tad loser.
The fabric is extremely soft and they are long enough but I'm usually a size 8-10 and the elastic waistband was really uncomfortably tight. I will wear them in short spurts for working out but def not to lounge.
One size was too big and the next size was me gasping for breath... but I got my big ole self into it. I might have to lose weight just to wear it... hmmm. I'll get back to you on this.
It's getting harder to impossible to find quality 100% or close to 100% cotton clothing. Everything is cheap, fast fashion. Makes me furious. Man-made fibers are killing the planet. I was a bit surprised by how thin the tops (leg part) of the socks were, but the foot part is excellent. Thick, cushiony, and COTTON. I'm going to see how they wash up. If fine, I'm going to stock up!
Beautiful just run a little small
Very cute. Just wish it had pockets.
Good price.Looks good & gets the job done.
The top is soft and the shine is perfect if you are looking for a true silver. I ordered one size up because of where the shirt is made and it was still tight across my D chest. The rest of the top was a little loose so another size up might have fit in the bust but would be honking huge everywhere else.
I just received this about a week ago but it seems to be working as advertised, it's lightweight and convenient to keep only the necessary items for day to day use.
They held up pretty well, but a few of the seams popped on the leg straps, And these things are near impossible to get on by yourself. If you're a bigger person, these may not fit well. I had to wear a binding tank to have these fit comfortably, because they cut into my stomach and boobs. But after I put the tank on they fit just fine, But I can't recommend you do anything more than walking or posing in these.
The tie looks great and is good quality, well made. The only issue I had with it was that it would pop off because the plastic clip was not string enough to keep the tie clipped on. I tried bending it and that helped but still better too keep it a little loos so that it won't undo itself when you happen to cough or bend down etc.
Can't extend my arms all the way when my fingers are in the loops for the wings. But still a great costume.
These pants were purchased for an upcoming trip to Iceland in September. I needed them to be lined and waterproof. Since I haven't used them yet in the outdoors, I put parts under running water and they did repelled. They a really long I'm 5”2 and I have to hem about 5” to have them long enough to cover my hiking boots. They are lined with fleece material and I'll be wearing them with thermal leggings just in case it's too cold. I rolled them to see how much space they would take and it's better than bulky ski pants. I think they will be just fine. Will update once I use them.
My fits my taller than average 8 year old well, but I thought I ordered big enough to last a while. I'm not sure she'll be able to wear it as long as I hoped. The quality seems great and she loves it.
Smaller than expected but I didn't check dimensions. Holds decent amount of on the go cards and cash. Not much extra room.
Hat was good quality and well made but I have a size 7 1/4 head, hat was way too big. I'm going to order the smaller size next. Would be better if they offered specific sizes.
Super cute, but runs tight around the arms
The fit was good and very comfortable!! Would recommend them...nice colors!
I liked its color and it's lite weight. I use it for gardening and other outdoor work.
Not really a hoodie, but it is still cute!! And it's funny! And true!
The body of the shirt fit fine, it was the length I didn't like. It was to short. So I sent it back.
A little tight but ok..good quality
Dress cool and comfortable but wasn't a good fit.
This product is awesome! Fits true to size, comfortable and smoothes everything out underneath my clothes. I can even wear pants that have been pushed to the back of the closet because they are too small. I love it! The one, tiny downfall is the straps dig into my underarms a little but it's worth it.
Bought the second one of these to help my wife post lipo surgery. Works better than the one the doctor gave us. Only down side is I wish there was a wider band at the top
It just barely goes below the knees, but they are thin, comfortable, stay on without a belt, and come with deep pockets. Waist line size is perfect.
Little tight at the top but flattering. Very pretty
they are not very stretchy
They are very comfortable. I love that they have real pockets however they are loose at the bottom. Do wish they were more reasonably priced
Love the print and soft fabric. Shorts are a little short for my liking and does fade some in wash.
Nice feeling, a bit long, Great support and hiding power. Great for the active man who doesn't want rash and rubbing issues
Not quite what I expected
Comes off the heel occasional but that's pretty much impossible to avoid. The important thing is that I can wear my heels with these and they actually don't peek out.
Ya get what ya pay for. It's not a crappy tie by all means but it's no $40 tie.
gorgeous dress runs a bit big. she is a true 5 but was more like a 6
Runs a bit small. I normally wear a Large, but bought X-Large in this. The body fits OK, but the arms are somewhat tight. The white stripe is especially tight. You would not be able to comfortably shove up the sleeves.
I thought this would be a great dress for the mother of the groom. It looked great on, and fit well. It was just a little to sexy for son's wedding.
Great dress but definitely order based on the size chart.
It's a one size fits all coverup, so sizing was fine. It was a little thick though... I was very warm while wearing it.
Super cute, light weight top. Could've gotten a size smaller but it's supposed to be flowy so still looks good.
a little itchy inside
Loved the outfit bought for a girls trip and this fit perfectly for a night out on the town. Only thing I didn't like was that when I wanted to wear to a concert I had to use a fabric shaver to get rid of the lint balls
So far so good.... Need more time to see how well the belt stands up to time.
Fit as expected. Enjoy them
Great little dress and super comfortable. It's not as vibrant as in the picture and it is good quality, but not great. Easy to throw on and still look cute. I wear it with gladiator type sandals and have gotten lots of compliments on it. And it has pockets, which is something I love.
Unless you're trying to flash the world. Zero regrets buying this dress though.
This dress is very flattering and exactly what the picture shows. The only issue I had was that the deep V was deeper than I am used to. While I was wearing it I was constantly checking to see if I had revealed to much. I have since adjusted the straps and the dress looks great!
The Bottoms Did Not Fit My height
Not the softest material. Cuffed sleeves are nice
Super cute!Color faded off quickly !
This dress is classy! There's a reason it's an Amazon pick. It's a slightly stretchy material which is great. The sleeves were slightly loose as was the dress as a whole but it fits great! It hit me right below the knee. I am 5' 3" and 175lbs if we're being completely honest. When I measured myself before ordering I measured 41" bust 36" wasit 45" hips. I ordered a xxl. This is the dress I decided to keep out of three that I ordered. You could wear it to church as the v neck isn't too low very modest but it's great for a wedding it any dress occasion.
Soft & stretchy but form fitting, not loose. I'm a diabetic & been trying all kinds of socks. I bought these on a whim & glad I did. I will buy these again.
Nice look, sleeves are to long. I just push them up. It's still a good look.
The impression of the fabric is not very good for the price it has, it is not worth them
Fair price and good quality provided.
This is a lovely hat. Lightweight and flexible. Nice and wide, which is what I wanted for the beach. You can shape the brim. The brim will flap or flip up in the wind though - otherwise this would have been 5 stars.
After surgery I needed a sports bra with support. This fit the bill!
Sizing is a little smaller than expected. XL is in reality a Large. Quality is about what was expected for the price.
Product is great, thank you so much
This is good quality, a bit large for my goddaughter but good that can wear two years at least. it's cute and good for road trip for pillow/jacket
Cute dress but cheap material
Looks and feels great, fits well, but no pockets.
Great material but It was too big for me maybe will fit perfect for other person with bigger breasts.
I do like the hoodie, however I thought it would be much softer.
I love the look and feel of these bras. They also stay to the side when nursing. I do think the run a bit small. I'm a 34D and truly probably needed an XL. When I tried that though, there was gaping fabric in the armpits. HOFISH was great and returned them no problem. I went with the large and they're only a little snug when engorged. I recommend sizing up.
This is a cute shirt to wear with my jeans.
Everyone loved the fur. Color was a little bit lighter than expected but in pics it looks good so no complaints. Ordered the raccoon. Super pleased! Worth the money. Kept me warm also...it was 30 degrees outside in this pic and wasn't really that cold. It's nice a soft also. No shedding.
Super cute, but it's too small and the waist line is too high. The dress is not stretchy at all. I really wish it were larger.
I ordered an XL in the blue, expecting it to be a lighter, heathered blue like in the picture but it's actually a darker navy blue. Still a great color, just not what I expected. I ordered my typical size and the opening is very "off the shoulder" which is super cute, but maybe not the best for work. I will definitely reorder, but likely will size down.
Just like the picture. A little larger.
The belt looks nice but you must have realistic expectations. It's a nice belt but it does have flaws that are obvious upon closer inspection. I like the look and I knew what to expect so I'm happy. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is that it is not a perfect replica.
I just tried them today they are well made and seem to be cozy. I wear them because of lymphedema and safety when walking thru house
Wife loved it, but it had some grammatical errors.
The hat is a little big and has no adjustment on it. Hat will fit eventually.
It's very cute and beautifully made
This dress was exactly what I wanted, however the sleeves were too tight. Unfortunately, the window to return has just closed. 😐
All I can say is WOW this is the second 3d style pair I have bought and I love them
It is big on me but that is probably because Im a 10 year old but great mask
Its perfect for the victoria secret angel halloween costume.
Didn't realize the part that attaches to the pants is for buttons, so I wasn't able to use it for what I needed it for. Overall quality is good though!
A little on the small side, but well constructed, breathable and comfortable waistband. Don't bunch or ride up unless youre being very active.
Not as awesome looking as I expected from the reviews, and if they stretch a tiny bit, I fear they will be heading for my ankles if they get wet, but I will wear them a bit and give them a try.
Good fit, good material for the price
Super soft but the chest area doesn't fit so I may or may not return or just use a sweater
I think I'm a bit rounder than I thought first off. They do fit well and are comfy at work. Holding up so far. Then I got paint on them.
Tried the dress on as soon as it arrived & it fit perfectly! The sequins on the front sparkle in the light, which I love! The beading on the bodice is a little cheap looking, but over all it looks very elegant, especially from a distance. I do wish it was maybe an inch longer. It just hits the floor without shoes on & I'm 5'8". I didn't like the fact that the more I moved in the dress the more it got static cling in the lining. It didn't seem to effect the appearance of the dress on the outside though, it was just a little bothersome. The shipping was quick & arrived on time. Great price for a lovely formal dress.
Very stretchy, a little loose by ankles, but overall love them
Really good quality, I weight 160 pounds and I am 5.3 and I bought a Large, it fits good but if you are just 1 pound heavier than me don't doubt it and buy and XL because is really tight. Love it!!!
Helmet is cracked and I would like another for my grandson's birthday which is tomorrow.
I like the top it first well and looks pretty close to the picture
Beautiful with sparkle factor! Fit a little loose, but that is how I prefer it. Easy to get on and off. Came out of the suitcase ready to wear- no fuss, now wrinkles. The only reason I gave this four stars is that the green fringe strings started falling off as soon as I opened the package and continued to do so.
I bought this cardigan in size M in the white and light gray colors. Both cardigans are comfortable, high-quality, and work appropriate. The fabric is soft and seems like it'll last a while. However, despite buying both cardigans in exactly the same size, the white cardigan's sleeves were much tighter and shorter than those on the gray cardigan. However, both fit well-- for reference, I'm 5'9" and a consistent size 8.
Very adorable and great quality!
nice shorts, run maybe a little small
The shorts are good fit- even for a 64 year old. But the bra cup padding is too moveable. The top comes down at a perfect length.
I like this product, it's nothing fancy but it does it's job and doesn't hurt me after 5 minutes of wear. Only issue is I ordered my regular size but it's a little tight. I would recommend 1 size up.
I just got these in the mail today. Tried it on. The material is a little stretchy which is good. But there is essentially no taper. It's more straight legged than I hoped for but it'll do.
The shirts are fun and great! Pay attention to sizes!
Had lipo was great for my back
Cute material not very comfortable
Nice, light waterproof jacket, easy to pack. It was too small, next time I will order 1 size up
It is thin, which I think is good for a summer shirt. It is also on the small side. I usually wear men's large, but this fits like a medium. I'm returning it for an extra large.
Good quality material mesh cut outs good seams. I wear legging almost everyday. Have worn them all ready elastic high waisted . Fits as expected .When It arrived looked small but I put them on and they are my size . Sexy enough to go out and yet versatile for sports.
It did the job for Christmas pictures. My wife loved it though is a little short. Also all the lights work but depending where they fall on your chest they don't sense movement.
Looks great and I like it, but it does run small. Order a size larger than your usual.
they were nice but too big.
These socks are too cute. They are a stocking stuffer for the grandson. The packaging is nice too! Don't know about the fit ... yet.
I love this dress! It is very comfortable and the color is great! The one thing I hated about it was how it kept catching on my arms it wouldn't stay down in a nice fitted way they kept riding up. I would say if you're tall the length could be an issue. I am 5'1” and this with heels hit the floor for me.
I like it but it's a little see through which sucks when I'm trying to cosplay L from death note and you can see my bra 😂
nice shirt will shrink a little so take that into consideration when ordering
Short chain but is fun for costumes. Glows in the dark as promised. Received a lot of compliments on it with my Alice costume.
I bought this belt and made sure to measure myself to match the charts. When I received it. It was perfect to the display shown but the size was off. So I had to return it and order the size down. I will give the company this. They gave me no hassle on returning it. I have reordered the new one. It should be here soon.
Very cute shirt, thin see through material.
Everything is good but the color washes out after one wash but I'm cool with that cause I don't repeat my clothes
It was nice, but the fabric was thinner than expected
These are very comfortable. These are not glamorous or sexy and I don't think they're supposed to be. They are great for work and great for working on the farm with the animals. I've lost weight so I wasn't sure what size. I could have gotten a 10, but the 12 is fine.
Fits a bit to big but overall my son loves it.
It was a great quality, cute suit. My chest is a size 34D and it barely hid the nips. Had to return. Perfect for smaller chested girls.
No name brand tag and no washing instructions tag. Should be included on rain jacket/wind breaker.
true to size, it runs a little small, but very nice
I have gotten 2 of these belts now. One with a buckle, with a black strap and then just a brown strap. I love them both and I love the buckle. The straps are both made of the fake (vegan) leather and they're great. The only issue I've had so far is that I've managed to scratch the surface of the brown one a little bit with my finger nail when I'm tightening the belt. But that is covered by the excess when I'm wearing it so it's not a huge deal. i'll definitely continue to purchase these.
Goes with my collection
Great shirt for the kid. He loved it. Only problem is that it runs small.
Overall like the dress a lot. Soft material, great pattern. A bit clingy, but with proper under garments it's okay. Would purchase another. Really like the length and cut, it's flattering on my curvy body type.
Super cute but does not stay up. WOULD BE GREAT FOR THICKER LEGS. I am a thick chick and these do not stay up!
There's no tags attached to the back or through a tag gun so while this top is a great price it may not look "new" for a gift unless you keep it in the plastic bag it comes in. The fit was snug but true to size if that makes sense. I've had larger XXL and smaller XXL, but this is not Asian plus sizing, so you should be able to size according to your other clothing and size up if you want a looser fit. The quality of the fabric isn't great but for the low price it's a wonderful top. :)
I'm normally a small - in this, the medium fit nicely. Only problem, which I think previous reviewers mentioned, was that some straps at the back are adjustable and some are not, so some of the straps might be a bit long...
Beautiful fit, but it leaves lint everywhere.
The material is kinda heavy and doesn't flow well... it's kinda stiff. Ordered a large and it's a little big. Wish I had ordered a medium. I got a lot of compliments the one time I wore it. Make sure not to dry. I did and the words all glued together. Seller was very friendly and understanding and gave me a refund.
Cute character hoodie - fit nice and has held up through multiple washings
So the dress itself is soft and nice, but its sorta see through. However its the wrong shade of red. It's a maroon not really a red like pictured (see 2nd picture). That made me not love it as much. The pockets are nice though.
I am a large. Had to order a 3x. Please read reviews! Nice bathing suit tho!
It does what it says it would do but leaves just a slight bump above belly, feels like I could have gone down a size but not too sure due to the slight lump above belly button
These are for my daughter for Christmas. The quality seems very good, but not sure they are not Too thick for with her work boots.
I have purchased 3 pairs of these because the fit is amazing. The light and dark blue jeans are perfect. Fit as expected. Sits high at the waist and a little stretch so they hug all the curves, smooth imperfections and lift your butt. I ordered a 25 and I have been wearing Levi's in a size 25 for years. I'm 5'4” 110. The length isn't as short as in the photo but still hits right below the ankle which is fine by me. Highly recommend. The soft distressed black jeans however, are a tiny bit loose and did not shrink in the wash, I wish I would have ordered a size down but already washed them. The distressing looks really cool though.
I expected a loose fitting longer tunic to go over leggings or as a cover up. Love that it has pockets. Fabric is very nice. It is however as loose fitting as I expected. When I wear it with white leggings it tends to catch and bunch a bit in front but it's still a very nice cover up.
Smaller than expected, but is a good pouch for my needs.
I'm not diabetic, but I love these socks because they are soooo soft and comfortable. The only problem is they tend to rotate on your foot and you need to return the heel to its correct position; otherwise, you can't find a more comfortable sock. No binding on your ankles either.
These are very comfortable and a good material. I just wore them today! Very comfortable I will update to 5 stars if they wash well. I would buy them again for sure.
Only thing I would wish for would be bigger pockets in front and real pockets in back (as opposed to the fake back pockets). Otherwise seems good
Beautiful! However as some other people commented, mine did not come with a sash as described.
I like it with one exception. I wish the laser went all the way around. Other than that, it's cute and well made.
Very soft and comfortable.
Quality looks great. Lots of slots for credit cards
Quality was great, but it was kind of hard to wear for long period of time. Not very bendable to your face.
I usually wear size M but ordered Large after reading reviews. I am glad I ordered one size bigger. I wish the straps were bit longer otherwise I am happy with the product.
It did it job, being caught up in the excitement of his birthday he really liked it. We bought a M (size 10) and it ran small to size. It fit for the day but after a wash/dry its more of smaller size.
After searching for active nursing tanks and reading the reviews of others using these for nursing, I bought these this summer and have been using them for my at home workouts or mommy Bootcamp classes along with nursing friendly sports bras. They've been working out really well so far and made nursing convenient! I sometimes wear it out with another nursing layer because it's just that more convenient than removing a nursing strap from a tank.
Very cute. Flexible. Nice smooth feeling.
These are very comfortable and I ordered the Large and they seem a little bit smaller than I expected. I'm definitely not an XL so I'm not sure that I could try the next size up. Overall not bad, just be aware of sizing issues.
Decent. Colors a bit more muted than hoped. I am 5'7, 130# M is loose and comfy.
true to its size I ordered a medium i normally wear size 8 in US size
Very cute and arrived super fast! Our family loves being silly and wearing it around the house. Fit is great! Very satisfied!
I would wear as dress pants not yoga pants
Love this scarf. It is very soft, keeps you warm and the colors are perfect. I would totally recommend this to my family.
This shirt fits so comfortably and is very flattering. The material seems to be a very good quality. It's not really a brown like the picture, more of a sand color. Even still, it's very cute and I am happy with this purchase!
Good compression. Great workout wear. Love the pockets. Easily hold my rather large cell phone.
I am 124 pounds and 5 ft. 2 inches, these fit me perfect. I ordered a medium. The reviews stating they are see through are very correct. As long as you have a shirt that covers your butt then you're good. They are super soft and comfy, washed them and they didn't shrink up a lot.
The feel and quality of this shirt is awesome! I would defiantly buy more in other colors. The shirt fit as expected. I could have used the sleeves to be a bit longer but hey we are not all the same size but it still fit good.
I like this product.
Item was delivered as promised. I ordered a size smaller than my normal. The item fit snug, as expected. I wore to the gym and was comfortable.
Great product, it is a little transparent, though, on the white dots part.
Strings are long! A little snug, but fit ok.
I don't know how much this actually helps but I did feel a slight difference in pressure when I put it on.
I really liked this dress, it was perfect since it was chilly the day of my baby shower. It really kept me nice and warm. The breast part was a little small, I had to use a safety pin to keep myself from falling out. Also this dress is kind of thin. I used a slip underneath. If not, everyone would have seen my underwear lining. Other than that, I got sick lovely compliments on this dress. It really was flattering to my large baby bump. I'm 5'2, length wise it covered my feet. Which is exactly what I was looking for since my feet are so swollen!
Great, perfect fit! Allergic to the metal front closure though :(
I really liked that it was all stretchy. So the fit did not have to be exact. It is a casual dress, very cute.
Its a very soft rob and super comfy. The color is perfect.
One pair came torn. All fit well though.
I use XL normally so I got this on XL and it runs just a little be big, but the material is so soft. I love it so much that I am buying different colors.
These seem to be pretty good for that "Extra Layer" they aren' too heavy and bulky to move around in so all in all it seems to be a fairly good deal.
Good quality, but I suggest you order one size larger than usual
The ribbed material of this suit makes it feel very retro! I kind of like it. The material is definitely good quality and I like the adjustable straps. I wasn't crazy about the color on me, though, the blue is just a bit boring for my tastes. I'm going to try the yellow, but I wish they had more colors on offer!
They were nice gloves. They were returned because the person they were for didn't like the style of them.
I was needing some basic bras but didn't want to break the bank and came across these. They are true to size and the 3 hook closure made the band wide and comfortable. The band doesn't roll or cut in on my sides. And straps are wide and the laces is super cute. Only down fall currently, which is why these arent 5 stars, is that there are a few scratchy seams. I'm hoping with a wash or two, they will soften. I will update my review after doing so.
I like the fact that they are exactly the way they are presented!
Super cute outfit. Just like it's pictured however it runs big so definitely order smaller size.
These are kinda sheer but still cute.
These socks are adorable! The only thing that I have to say is that they shrink pretty bad. I lost a full inch after they went through the dryer. I'm not upset bc they were a little tall for my daughter but I can see this being a problem if you need them to stay the same size.
I'm 5'3 about 127. This product was a perfect fit, size small. The green is brighter than expected but i don't mind.
sent the wrong size but luckily it fit my daughter nicely
Not too warm and fuzzy. Liked the prints and they were pretty good for the price.
Good shirt for the price
Great looking hat to complete the Indy look. The hat fit a little bigger than expected, but it is still a good buy.
Fit as expected. Soft material. Kind of thin.
Top of the hat comes to a point, but I love it either way. I have super long, thick curly hair & this does the trick of keeping my hair off my neck and keeping me cool.
The original one I ordered did not fit, but the seller then sent me a new one and it's perfect. Order 2 sizes up.
Way too short for me to wear at the gym. More for dancing practice and looking appealing. They roll also so for me I will keep them at home or at the beach.
The scarf is ok.....It's not as long as my other Pashmina scarfs..... The price was excellent, so I am not complaining.......I will buy more.....
This sweater is super cute. It's not too heavy, seems like it's great quality. However def order a size down if you don't want the super super baggy look. I got the blue and it was true to color.
My daughter measured her weight and ordered accordingly, but the skirt is large on her. We will pin it or actually try to sew the waist area to make it smaller. It's a lovely skirt though, and we love that it has pockets.
I'm 5'6” and 225 lbs. Bra size 36DD. I'm thick legged with a long torso. I ordered an XL. I've found myself drifting over the last few years into more mom looking suits to try and mask my curvier self but I decided this year to embrace my body. I can't hide my legs unless I wear pants, not even skirts hide them, so I decided to get something a little more daring. My long torso typically makes one piece suits hard to fit but the halter tie made it easy to adjust. The cup inside doesn't give support but I found the suit held everything in just fine. I will be stitching the cups to the lining because they kept shifting down (reason for taking away a star). The crotch is a bit high but I didn't think it was too bad and the bottoms covered me just fine, too. It's a great suit for the price and made out of quality material. I would highly recommend this suit!
The fabric is very nice, and so is the Dress. I am 5,2 and 114 and the Dress is for a taller person than me, everything else is nice
The shorts are a good thick material and the tie is a cord so no worry of it falling apart. I'm having a little trouble keeping the top and bottom the same distance apart but I think my might be my doing rather than the make. I wish the inseam was a tad bit longer as well. Would recommend product.
It covers your entire ear I like that
Great glove...I have large hands for a woman (7.5) and the large was too big for me, but perfect to put thin silk glove liners in....
I bought these according to others reviews. I went 2 sizes higher and could have only went 1 size.
Fit well. Wish pouch was larger. Would recommend
Was alittle big but overall a good buy
Fits well, looks good with shorts or jeans.
Soft and not itchy, slouchy and comfy. It doesn't fit off the should as depicted unless you rig at it a lot, but I still love the sweater.
Very pretty and just enough warmth for florida winters
I purchased this belt in the black and brown colors. I have been very happy with the quality and fit of the product. I have had them for about a month now but they appear very sturdy and should last quite awhile.
This suit came in 1 day and is just as nice as the picture. The reason I only gave it 4 stars is that it doesn't have a button hole on the pants, but it does have a button. I was nervous ordering a size 6 for my son who is turning 8 soon, but I followed the sizing chart and it was right. It fits perfectly.
I purchased this robe for my husband to use for coming and going from the hot tub. I usually have to return almost everything I buy for him but he loves this robe!
The skirt fits nice but the top part is kinda loose-ish will have to tie it really tight for it to fit perfect ..but the color is exactly the same love it ..
Very nice hat but definitely runs large. I measure out for a medium according to the size chart but have to return for a small.
It worked perfect for a king of heart costume my husband wore
This shirt is very cute, but ran too small for me. It's the snug polyester/spandex material.
Was a little snug around the hips but I expected that
This dress is super comfy and light weight. I am only disappointed because I ordered this for maternity photos in beige and it came in an ugly darkish yellow color. I was planning on ordering other colors of this one fit well but I probably won't now cause I don't want to get the wrong color again. The fabric I am holding up by the dress is beige. Not sure what to do with the dress because the color really is awful
The fit was nice. Like the wide straps, although it would be nice to have something to keep them in place without being too tight.
I love this jacket. It's comfortable, lightweight, with nice stretch. I typically where a medium in tops but have wider shoulders and am 5'8” tall. After reading ALL of the other reviews I ordered a 1x. It fits perfect! If your a medium with a small frame a large would fit. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is that the sizing is so off.
Its a great bra. It fits me really well, the band isn't too tight. However, now I'm thinking I should've ordered a size down. I'm a 38D, and while this bra does fit very well, my boobs still bounce a bit when running. This bra is still better than wearing a regular bra to the gym, but I wanted something that was going to keep the girls 100% in place. Still a great bra tho, I'll keep it.
I am always fascinated with fun color socks as these are. Colors are rich and fabric is soft despite having some spandex/ polyester to it. I would recommend the manufactor to tighten up the elastic on the top a little bit or have more broader one. We will see how it goes with time while 1st wash came out perfect and no color bleed too. Will update later about how long it lasted for me.
Very cute baby romper. Material is stretchy spandex.
They are very soft and perfect for what I needed. Most camis have such small straps that they cut into my shoulders. These tanks will replace them. The only reason I didn't give five stars is because they are a little thin.
The socks came packed in a box and sealed in plastic; a bit excessive for 3 pairs of socks. The socks itself are very soft and warm, perfect for cold winter days and especially for those allergic to wool. One of the pairs I received are different lenght - one sock is 1 inch shorter than the other sock. Overall very nice socks, but not 5 stars because of the packaging and the difference in lenght/size
It was a little bigger than expected but it is good
A bit snug but i find that comfortable. Thick pants, not see through. I'm 5'7 and an xl... The pants are slightly above my ankle
Have the lighter color pants so I thought I'd try these out
I really like this product because of how nice it is designed. I specifically like the inner lining of the pockets because of how much it adds to the style of the wallet. My one issue is that it can get scratched by my keys every now and then. Overall, I think this is a quality wallet and would recommend it.
Product didn't fit snuggly as expected. Cute though.
I like it! I am a 42D and usually wear a size 14. I read the reviews and got a size XXL. It fits me well while showing off my curves. Very flattering for a curvy figure. The fabric has some stretch to it, is thick but not coarse and does not wrinkle easily. Wish the sleeves were longer (under elbow) but it looked good. It is embroidered and the red looks expensive.
These fit fine I read the reviews and many complained they were too thin. I was looking for thin, so they were fine.. I was hoping to find a longer sock, but this was the longest I could find. Hint to manufacturers. My only complaint is they don't offer a package in just one color
I really like this dress and I got a lot of compliments on it. However, I did not like the breast pads that are in the dress. They are two small circles that have to be removed and replaced with some type of real padding. Other than that the dress is wonderful
If you want it to be a little baggy i would size up but this is good material and it looks more expensive then 10 dollars
Really cute, came as pictured, a little small but stretchy fabric.
Very good shirt I got a xl and it does make your stomach look alot slimmer it's a little snug at first but you get used to it. It does a amazing fantastic job at covering up people with gyno it's almost like there is no man titty at all! Only problem is the actual shirt doesnt seem to durable already got some tears and strings coming loose but it's a low price and a amazing shirt would definitely reccomend.
This outfit does not fit well, it is too small. The fabric is very nice though and would look good if it fit better
Quality excellent, size too small.
Super cute dress for a great price (lightening deal)! Unfortunately it's going back. I followed the size chart for the floral designs and sized up to a large. I should have stuck with a medium. 140 lbs, 5'3”
I did not realize that it was as long as it is . . so I wrap it around my neck and feel very warm.
Great fit. True to size. Color is as described. We'll see if it holds up in the wash, but the fabric quality seems fine!
Grey pair arrived with a hole in them... other two pairs were fine. Would send them back but too much of a hassle... socks are comfy.
These were nice but not quite size . Size was up to 9.5 and was really to tight for a size 9. But they are a good Compression socks . Gave to another friend who wore 8.5 and worked great.
I love how this shirt feels! Super soft and comfortable. Only downfall it has is that it's thin and kind of see through, so you would need to wear something under it.
Vest is great, but if you want to wear a sweater underneath, I suggest you go up a size as it is snug.
Product fit as size chosen described, color good, material very nice.
The material is very nice and the color great. It is however a little to big for me. I may have it altered.
It's easy to breastfeed my baby. It's comfortable and it fit as I expected. I'm not giving 5 stars because after drying, it had wrinkles, so probably I'll need to use a product to avoid it next time I do my laundry
Very pretty color and the material is nice . Fits as expected .
Needed long sleeve t-shirt to wear to the gym and these were the right price and fit.
Ok shirt and key chain for low price
Cute. Jade to return it b/c it was way too big. I'm 5' 3” and 106 lbs.
The overall weight of the material was a LOT less than expected. The original purchase was made to keep warm while riding a bicycle in 40-50 degree weather. I have to wear the subject sweatshirt with another sweatshirt underneath.
A little thicker than expected, but so cute!
Bought these to wear post c-section. They are definitely not cute, but did the job, which was to come up high enough so they didn't irritate my incision and they also were large enough to accommodate the pads I needed to wear after having my baby.
Quality material and I love the design. I took away a star since the cut was a bit off or only designed for an hourglass shape as the see thru parts do not stretch at all so I returned it full refund
Fits perfect and pretty soft pink color.
The sizes aren't consistent, the gray and white fit perfectly and are comfortable. The black is a bit smaller but still comfortable. The nude straps seem shorter than the others and cuts a bit into my underarm. Side tags are bothersome as I have sensitive skin and I suggest them going tag free. They are a more comfortable option than underwire bra and look well under clothing.
Head piece is flimsy but my daughter ended up just wearing the dress and loved it.
Great athletic fabric. Doesn't bag out after wearing, and there are pockets on BOTH sides! These are worth the money for the quality you get!
These are great, particularly for someone like me with a wide head. The carrying case was an unexpected and nice touch. I like having a simple pair of sunglasses that I can put down on a table or walk around with, without having to worry about damaging or losing something expensive.
I am very pleased with this order! It does a great job of sucking in my postpartum belly. It can be a little uncomfortable to wear, but that is to be expected for undergarments like this. Great purchase!
This product is fantastic, only downside is it fades exponentially when washed in a machine the bright navy blue turned into a dull washed out blue look. Still looks great tho!
Liked everything about it. Keeps me warm and fits comfy. Though I feel like the price is too much for the quality, not that it's horrible...but still.
love the fabric. fit good, could be a bit more snug feeling. comfy and good quality for the price.
Shirt looks as pictured, but seems to run a little small.
I got a 2x. It fit true to size. There is a necklace that comes attached to the shirt but it broke as soon as I tried it on. I was fine with that because I was gonna take it off anyway. I would buy this shirt again in other colors.
Great fit, love the color. A bit thinner than I expected, but nice casual feel.
Good quality, will get more.
These are so cute and made well. I have to give it four stars though because the eyes are missing on one of them.
Fit great. Just wish the pocket was a little deeper.
I wore these shopping today with my new hiking boots. (The true test!) These socks are soft and so very comfortable on my foot. Loved the fit and feel here. However, I have large ankles and the tops were disturbingly tight. I'm so disappointed! I have a history of blood clots and can't compromise my circulation.
looks just like the charactors
I'm 5'10 and it's a nice length. A little small in the circumference for me. If you want it snug order from chart.
This is a solidly made vest, as I'd expect from Carhartt. It's warm, it's rugged and durable... and it has a hood! How many vests have a frickin' HOOD?! The hood's a good size, too. It's made from a very heavy fabric too. This is one of those pieces you keep forever.
These insoles are very comfortable, especially when compared to the ones that come in the boss hogs. After a few months of use they are still better than what you get stock, but still not worthy of 5 stars. Either way I'd say they are worth the money over what comes in ariat boots.
Very comfortable. Fits the waist nicely, but a little tight around the butt.
Somewhat somewhat large. It still looks good.
The size is ok, but I thought I would have more tummy support. I expected it to feel a little tighter around the waist/belly.
Love the look, it seems to be more bulky around neck than picture. But definitely stylish
I don't order bras online, let alone really wear underwire bras, but I decided to give this one a try. After reading other reviews, I decided to size up from a 34b to 36c. The fit is perfect! I find it pretty comfortable to wear most of the day (keep in mind that I only wear bralettes). The mesh/lacey part of the bra is very soft and the straps are stretchy and don't dig into your skin. Despite not being padded, I find the underwire supportive and comfortable. -Also, it looks exactly like the picture- 10/10 would recommend! Will probably buy other colors in the future!
too small, more like a small, not medium
Bought this as a gift for my husband. We will be traveling a lot this summer. He loved it. We have tested it out yet but it looks nice and he loves it. Will write more after we Actually test it out.
This shirt is super soft and the length is great. I'm 5'5, very curvy, super bottom heavy and have a long torso. I purchased the M. Washes nicely.
I wear a med and bought a lg. Fixs great. The top flares out at the bottom, i thought it would be more fitting
5'2” , 120 lbs , bought a size sm and they fit snugly, like a normal bathing suit would. Exactly as expected!
Somewhat large but very cute
The first of these coats that I bought fit, but barely. I couldn't drive in it -- or really even bend over in it. It was just too tight across the shoulders. I can remove the lining so it makes a good warm-weather raincoat, but wearing much bulk underneath it is out of the question. I bought a second one a size up because I loved the look of this coat so much, and it's probably one of my favorite winter coats ever. It's stylish and comfortable. I could see myself buying a third somewhere down the line.
Like the size and color!
I love this burnt orange color and the style of the bikini is super sexy, so playful - perfect for my upcoming trip to Thailand! However, one gripe I have about this swimsuit is the interior white lining material. It keeps peeping out over the edges - not sure if anyone else has this problem or if it is due to sizing? (It fits just fine tho, I ordered per the size chart) Overall, will still make it work!
Hello so I've suffered from plantar fasciitis for what seems like forever now. In my right foot the pain is more severe. Anyhow I'm comparing this purchase to Airplus Plantar Fascia Orthotic. The Airplus is cheaper at $9. The Airplus offers me more of comfortable support at my heel with a more gel like material. This insert is less bulky and allows more comfortable space for my toes in my dressy flat shoes. This will be fine for for my Dressy shoes however the Airplus for me is much more comfortable and supportive and cheaper.
VERY COMFORTABLE. ONLY COMPLAINT IS BUTTON IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO BUTTON DUE TO THICKNESS OF CLOTH/LENGTH OF BUTTON SHANK.
Beautiful dress fit great, very nice material, the only thing is that it had a slight rip on the side, I had to sew it not enough time to return as I needed it for a party
It was ok needs jewellery to make it look great.
My husband loves these since he works outside a lot. Can't find them locally.
very nice socks but few pairs are not that great
The dress was beautiful. People raved about it all night. I wore a 2x and it fit perfectly. I wore it as a dress to our office gala. It was super comfortable and gorgeous.
Should have gotten a larger size. It is warm.
Very comfortable!!! Great for a nice summer dress.
I expected it to be very long, but that wasn't the case. It looks nice.....ok
When I purchased this robe I was very disappointed because there was an excessive amount of shedding. My review was acknowledged by the manufacturer and we determined that I had received a bad material and an offer to resolve the problem was made by the company resolved the situation. I do believe that I had a “bad batch” of chenille. The company has resolved the problem and I look forward to purchasing from them again.
a little thin still a nice
These are nice leggings and for once not too long on me! For reference I am 5'2 and 123 pounds and ordered a small. The waist band is a little tight but its ok! I have an athletic build but I am kind of boxy in body shape so my waist isn't all that narrow. I would recommend. Also squat proof!
I need to take it in quite a bit on the sides but otherwise it's great
These are very comfortable and look good with anything. I like that they have pockets and the drawstring works good. The only thing is there on the long side. It'd be nice if they came in petite size also.
I loved this dress everywhere except at the arm holes. It was very flattering and worked great for a wedding when I was 6 months pregnant. The arm holes gaped some though and I had to be conscious of this all night to make sure my bra wasn't showing.
Good material, but the tummy part is a bit loose.
Was looking to get a smaller wallet but still have the ability to have some cards and money on me. This wallet is a good compromise -- I can hold my cards and a little money but it is so small and light I forget that i have my wallet.
This is really a comfortable kilt. The material is lightweight, and not stiff like a UT kilt. So the pleats hang, instead of trying to stick out to the side. It sways with you when you walk, and that feels good. My only complaint is the lack of pockets, and the size of the only two that are on there. A kilt like this deserves some POCKETS!
I am 5'5", about 150lbs, and a large chest. The L fit great! It was very comfortable, but the straps just looked a little funky. It wasn't for my body type, but I could see it looking great on others.
I usually go through a pair each year. As a woman, I have nails (not that long, but I'm no guy).. and those nails will wear down the tips quickly on the touchscreen tips (didn't seem as thick, maybe that's how they work?).
These tights are durable, soft, and very comfortable! They are rather thick though so they haven't been great for summer wear.
I especially like the fact that you can lean back in this hat and not have a brim in back getting in the way. The bow and pleats in back give it a feminine look.
I bought these for my son, he liked them but I could have gone a little bigger . He said they fit a little small .
This costume was awesome BUT be advised... it WILL be short just like it is on the cartoon characters. You will most likely need to wear shorts underneath it like I did, but it still worked great for Halloween. Follow the size chart. I'm 5'4”, 125 lbs, 27 in waist and got a medium. Getting a larger size won't give you more length but could make it loose on your body. Overall I'm happy with the costume!
This is a great pant and is very dressy for work and I love the fact that they have the 30 inch length for us short legged gals! the fit is great once you get it on, but the only thing is that there is not enough stretch in the waistband and barely makes it over my butt. My suggestion is to put just a little bit more elastic in the waist band for us curvy gals so we can get it on without struggling.
Love the shirt super soft and comfortable and looks exactly as pictured! The only thing is when I received it was huge. I had to run it through the dryer for a little bit to shrink it down.
I normally wear a medium but I ordered a large and it was still too small. An XL would have been a perfect fit and 2x probably would have been comfortable. Otherwise they don't bleed or fade and they're cozy. Not see through at all.
My daughter loved these! Especially the way the top of the sock dips like the owls ears.
Ordered two dresses. One size 2 and the other size 3. The dress is stretchy and has an underlining. The dresses came in two different styles. The red dress had spaghetti strap style. The pink dress had straps around the neck. Because of this the top kept coming down on the pink dress but I did not have this issue with the spaghetti straps. The pink dress also did not have a WW logo on the cape. The stars on the tutu were not glued on too well so make sure you have fabric glue just in case. Overall I am happy with this purchase. The dress is true to size and very cute for the price.
I love this wallet, but it's beginning to tear where you insert cards.
Just what I expected
I like the ties but I thought they would be a little bit wider. However several people have told me they love the tie and thought it looks good. I have recieved numerous compliments regarding this tie
They worked great for the photos I needed them for. The toes do not always stay in place well for walking though
Product as expected.
Loved this costume, but I did buy things to make it longer on the bottom and cover a little more on top. I'm 5'8, 137lbs and bought a medium. I bought a pink petticoat to wear underneath to make it longer on the bottom. I also bought a lacy white cami to cover a little more on top. Without it I felt my boobs were more on display than I wanted. The stockings came to below my knees, not above them. Super cute costume, got a lot of compliments.
Run a bit short. My husband likes longer boxers. These ones pull up.
I am really loving this thing. I actually ordered this in several different sizes and had to send them back because they run super small, so order up by 1-2 sizes. This thing is very sexy and looks amazing when on . The reason why I'm giving in 4 stars and not 5 is because the thing piece of it came damaged and can't be worn but I decided to just go without it rather than sending it back .
38" waist and sized up DO NOT DO THAT. Buy your size. Remarkable (nice) feeling when wearing these as opposed top cotton. Room for package.
Beautiful, but a bit too form fitting for my liking.
Great for the price! But they don't breath at all!
This hoodie is thin, cotton and comfortable.
They fit as expected, and perform well. However, as mid-calf socks, they don't stay up well. They are constantly sliding down my calf.
this wig is almost perfect!! my only (tiny) complaint is that it is quite thin which is sort of a double edged sword since it does make the wig lay very naturally but if you're not careful the wefts can show in the back!! (i did cut my own wig quite a bit since when it arrived it was longer than i wanted it to be for the version of sakura i cosplay! but i do really love this wig and there's minimal shine which i've noticed is typically an issue with pink cosplay wigs
Bought this as a gift for a bridal shower. It's prefect for a gift because it is adjustable. Even the panty has adjustable straps. The color is fun and made a for a great reaction from the bride to be.
My daughter loves them!
Good price and durable material.
This bathing suit is slightly smaller than my normal size. I Ann 5'3” and 127lbs - I ordered a medium based on reviews. I wish i had ordered large - the medium fits slightly too snug, but will work. The middle is loose enough to cover my belly and the bottom is actually very flattering. Love the colors. Exactly like the picture (pink with green leaves).
They were nice just wish it went to bigger sizes Then xl. Waist fit great but boobs were spilling out. I'm a 36ddd so a size bigger was perfect I found with another seller. If they had that size I would buy this set
Overall this is a great dress for the price. The quality is average and it fits as expected.
I'm a 34b and got a medium. Everything was fine except for the shoulder area and the nurse cap. It was pretty loose from my shoulders to a little of where my breasts were at. It's pretty much for women with bigger breasts. As for the cap, it does not stay on your head unless you put a clip or find a headband to apply it on
Loved the look and feel of this specific jacket and my boyfriend proudly showed it off at the screening of Spiderman: Far from home. Only problem was the delivery guys my side of the world but other than that--no issues
My son looks so cute with it. Run a bit small
Very comfortable; great and light material to wear after beach or at gym.
This fit as expected and is a decent quality. I wouldn't pay more than $15 for it, but it's good for a one-night wear. It's pretty and the color is very accurate to the picture.
Very comfortable and fitted as expected
nice material. Seems to wash well. But very high waisted.
With the draw strings, you don't need a belt
I really like the style of this shirt, but I am also really glad I read other reviews before I ordered. I usually wear a ladies Large and because I had read reviews first, I ordered XXL. Everyone said it ran a couple of sizes small. The XXL fit just like a normal ladies large would. I bought this to wear to Universal Studios Harry Potter fan event in January.
It was what I expected
Fits as advertised. Sometimes by the end of the day the heel does slide down some. But over all good product.
The "but" here is because I should have ordered the wider banded one made by the same excellent company. The thin band put a little too much pressure on my waist. I love this company, though. I own about 5 different leggings that they make.
Works as expected, but due to some sort of manufacturing flaw, my belt came with a very sharp, pointy bit of plastic on the buckle. I was able to file it down so it isn't sharp, but it's still there.
A little lighter weight than the Hanes I bought previously, seems to fit fine.
The fit is pretty great and this is a great sport bra!!!
Good product, does what it's supposed to.
This is a gift for my daughter, she's heard really good things about this product, I'm anxious to see what she thinks. It looks pretty interesting.
While the fit is a little 'off' I just tucked and knotted the shirt until it sat nicer. I did get compliments on the shirt and it is comfy...runs a teeny bit large but I would rather have that then some of these out here that run way too small.
I liked it and it was a gift.
Looks like it will work. Will have to update review after go to a game.
Great quality and fit but it shrunk after I washed it. It's now my wife's shirt
I hope it does the job in the winter..seems too light
genuine leather, But a bit too wide, It was my fault for not making sure it was the right width. otherwise no complaints.
I like them. They did unravel a bit on the top. Could be more securely sewn
The shirt is super cute! I love wearing it, although the price is on the expensive side for what you get. I also have a dog, and dog hair is VERY noticeable but I use a sticky roller to get it off. Overall, very cute shirt, I would recommend!
My teenage daughter likes these. Fits as expected and wash up nice. I hang to dry.
They fit well and never fall off. The only issue is that they get itchy.
love the top but bottom is kind of see through.
I like these covers because they stay in place and look natural
The leggings fit really well but I got the white and it arrived with a brown smudge on the waist band and a red spot on the leg. The brown smudge I can easily cover or it may even wash out, but the red mark I don't think will wash out. I would consider trying to return and get another pair....but I need them for today. Otherwise, I liked them.
Cute shirt and nice fabric, but was too clingy for me. The shirt runs narrow. Going up a size seemed like an option, but it was very long for me so decided to return it.
The white tank is somewhat see through
Very soft, looks good dressed up or down
Great design and fits well. A lot of pocket space and comfortable to lounge in. I think the dedicated vertical pocket for the phone is a brilliant idea! On the negative side, I feel that they need a little bit more leg-room and made out of a stiffer and heavier cotton. other than that.....Good shorts!
Ordered a medium. Fit great. Easily ould fit a large too. No actual waistband so it moves a little when you sit. Started to unravel a little after wearing for only a few hours but wasnt very noticable. Definitely worked for what I needed it for. Still very satisfied
My daughter likes the pants. They fit well but a little loose in the waist, but fit well everywhere else. Nothing a stylish belt cant fix.
I like how 501s fit me and I like the button fly which is different from other jeans. From pairs I currently own, the black pair about 1/3 of an inch longer than blue and gray.
Size ran a bit small.
This shirt is very soft and comfortable. The only downside is that it does fit larger than standard.
I have light carpet and no one wares shoe's in my house. I do not like slippers and these slip and grip socks are a good solution.
This skirt was perfect for it's price. It's not extremely poofy, but it does have a little poof to it. The only disappointing factor was that it did not have the ribbon sash. I would buy again if it defintely came with the sash.
it has great coverage, no sides hanging over.
Super cute just thin not a winter outfit
Bought for my father-in law, he's in a nursing home, they are easy for him to put on and he finds them quite comfortable.
look great. Good quality.
Good price, fit as expected, shipped on time for my 10 year olds birthday
Just what I expected. Looks good and feels good.
The colour and the money clip is perfect!
Super cute, but I wear a size 10 to 12 usually and the xl barely fits. I recommend sizing up as much as you can.
A little big. Besides that it's nice.
I bought these for my 6 year old son. He loves these pants and calls them his comfy pants. The waist has a functional draw string which is a plus and the end of the pants taper down nicely so that they sit on top the shoes. Pockets are nice and deep but not bulky. It is a little larger than expected - that it is the legs are wider than I thought so it would also work well for a child with a little more girth.
Ordered this for my daughter. She's tall for her age, so it's difficult finding age appropriate clothing that fits.
This was a great purchase! It fit well. I was expecting it to be a bit shorter but still was cute. Also...IT HAS POCKETS! The only part that I did not care for was that there was no chest support or padding. I am 5' 5" and 145lbs. A medium fit just fine.
The fit is great. It looks stylish and will accommodate a heavy sweater underneath which makes it very versatile for travel and uncertain weather.
I usually fit in a Large in everything, I read the reviews and Decided to order a size up (XL) seeing that mostly everyone said it ran small. It sure does ! The XL is still a little snug on me, but Ill make it work. I would definitely suggest Ordering a size up. Other than that, Its a nice material & I love the print.
My daughter loves them
I am 5'8” and go between 145 and 150 currently. Got size 11 and they fit fine. The bell is decent (not huge by any means). My only issue is the length. For me they fit a bit below ankle. Was hoping they would cover a small heel if I wore one. Difficulties of being above average height but below tall 😆
Cute design but not at all typical sweater material * similar to flannel looks like it will start balling up and looking a little cheaper than I like after a few wears and washes.
Adorable pj's! Exactly as described! I've washed several times now there's no fading or piling. The material has remained extremely soft! Would buy again!
Very quick ship. I like the belt.
This is a nice soft t shirt. The hem at the bottom curls up a bit though.
A little snug, but have real potential.
Very well made. Not as long as expected for a tunic top but still a nice length for wearing with jeans or work slacks.
Bought for a friend to give as a gift, reviewing to get it out of my feed.
Good quality. Nothing fancy but comfy so I'm happy.
I got these for my husband , it's comfortable and it's a bang for your buck ! Also the fabric is not too thick , very well made and came on time !
They look fabulous...They were a gift ...I'll know more when the person I gifted bow ties to, wears them. I only know he was very excited and thanked me with joy.
Cups could be designed a little better. But I looks great on me. 34DDD and medium fits perfectly
Love these cute flowy tops they are great with leggings!!
I'm a solid 36D, and the large is a bit too big. I may shorten the back so it fits better.
I have this top in yellow, fits well, I ordered the black, I Love these they stretch and fit well I bought the xxl my breast are large 40c top fit great I wore a top under mine because the sleeve hole is large and you would see my bra
I had gymshark leggings just like this and they ripped so I bought these instead. They fit nearly exactly the same. The material is nice and buttery and very stretchy. Only real difference I see is they don't do as well of a job as sucking you in at the waist. Probably 7/10 in that aspect but still totally worth it!
This dress fit me weird. It might be because my shoulders are small. The top of the dress didn't fit right, but the bottom did.
Comfy but I wish the ribbon was softer
Nice skirt... the shirt was more of a crop top, which I didn't like and material is cheap feeling for the price, but overall I'm satisfied with it
Followed sizing advice still tighter than wanted
Good quality, great price
The top and waist were fine, but under the skirt, the bottoms are like boy shorts and fit loosely. Uncomfortable.
It is adorable on my 4 year old. Perfect fit and so cute.
Bras are a bit stiff but for the price it's totally worth it.
Comfortable and cool soft fabric. Top is a little snug.
It's great but a big bigger than expected. It could be a little more fitted.
Ended up returning because the style just wasn't right for me... but this is a good quality dress for the money! So, if you like the look of it, there is no reason not to try it (especially if you have Amazon Prime with free returns). I had no complaints with the packaging or product itself. Just not quite right for me.
Very attractive shirt but wrinkles badly after washing, so expect to have to iron it. Other than that I love the style and colours.
The costume is nearly perfect, like the other reviews the belt that comes with it is very small, my fiancé is a size 34 and it would barley wrap around him. Over all the costume is cute!
Perfect for little kids, but does run on the small size. we purchased a medium for my 7 year old and it fits like a 6X
Loved it!!! I'm 5'5" 200lbs and I got a 2x it fits perfect I'm not very chesty but it has removable/ adjustable straps that make the bra part fit better. Fabric feels good too so bonus.
Great quality. It is longer than I expected.
Fabric is stiff and not that comfortable. Generally, it fit well. It was the sleeves that were a bit too long. Delivery was fast. No problems with order.
Very thick material, but overall great one piece outfit
So adorable. And nice quality for a good price.
My son loves this costume! I will say that I had to fix the hem in a couple of places but overall, this was a great purchase for him because he does love it so much! Thank you!
Nice shirt and as advertised
A good shirt for the price. Be sure to read the sizing chart. There were a lot of reviews saying the shirts ran large, but if you read the sizing chart it will essentially size you down to the right size.
Ran a little big on me, but I would rather it be loose than tight. I may put it in the dryer and try to shrink it a little if it bothers me while wearing it. In fairness, I bought a 2x and I probably needed the lx. I thought it might run small because of the price.
A little bigger than I thought. But I love the design. I will order another one with my size
The only thing I would change about this dress, is the openings for nursing. They are a little small and if you have large breasts, it's pretty hard to get in there. But other than that I really liked it.
Rly pretty kinda thin material but overall very nice
The hat is of good quality fit ok. The only concern I have is the sun screen shade for your neck. If you do not want to use the shade there is no place to put it,if you put in the hat it sticks out all over
Nice shirt and fits well.
It is a nice stretchy jean that was comfortable to wear. The only (and biggest) negative thing I have to say, the two front pockets are extremely small. I could not put my hand in there much less any other item. I would not even put keys there for fear of having them fall out. Please inform Levi company to add a full hand sized pocket in the women's jeans. Thank you
Space legs, nuff said, wifey says they are a little small.
They fit great, but if you are looking for a short that's feisty not rude up these are not the ones. I am constantly pulling down on them.
Fits and looks great! Good quality and comfortable. It felt like I needed an assistant to get all the straps in place but once they were everything stayed nice and secure. The belt itself is very stretchy so great for different body types. The panties aren't the best quality but comfortable. I fell asleep in it and woke up the next day with everything right where I left it. Very pleased!
These are cute, you can tighten the leg ties so they are not loose.. the waist fits decent I wear 3x but I haven't gotten them wet yet, so I'm crossing my fingers they don't stay stretched out once they are wet. THERE IS NO DRAWSTRING so keep that in mind.
Love it. Ordered a large and it's just a tad bigger than normal.
Cute but smaller than I expected also the material is kind of stretchy and body hugging which I was not expecting. Color has kept well after washing.
Nice quality and soft material. The pajamas fit as expected and held up well in the washer/dryer. My child loves the characters and the pajamas are colorful.
Love the dress but came EXTREMELY wrinkled
I'm 5”7 134lbs and the medium fits perfectly. I wish it was a little warmer but still a great jacket
My son loved his hat
Dress was a bit too small but we made it work. My niece looked so adorable!
I'd recommend a small for those of you who are close or anywhere to 62 inches and 140lbs. I bought a medium it's a tad big looks like I'm wearing my mommas clothes but I normally wear md stuff
Like it, but larger.
This dress fits well and seems to be made of milk silk. The waistline is more empire than is flattering on my body but that was a fault on my end. The dress is much brighter than it showed on my monitor but a nice summery choice. Others have mentioned cleavage being too deep but mine was not and it seemed like a simple stitch would rectify that if desired.
One Size. It is a nice hat for the price. About $10. My husband is a s/m hat size so it was a little big and needed some padding under the inside brim.
4 stars because the material is a bit stiff rather than flowy, but overall very pretty and still comfy!
Really nice looking hat. Be careful when opening, the belt around the hat is loose so you'd actually need to make it tighter. Fit a little snug which is too bad but I guess my head is just huge lol - I have a TWA (natural hair) so that may help you get the picture a bit more. I purchase the camel color (true to color) as well and it's gorgeous. Figured I'd just keep that one in the name of fashion lol
Exactly what I ordered. Wish they string holder was a little sturdier. And have to install the purse strings yourself. This purse is the perfect size for all my needs and fairly small bag still.
Nice hat. Wings are only 3 1/2 inches long by 1 3/4 tall. Wish wings were bigger.
They seem very nice, feel good on the foot, won't likely slip down at all in the back. They're supposed to fit size 7 but they're a bit bigger, by about an inch, so hopefully they'll shrink after washed/dried. Even if they don't shrink much they'll be okay.
My son usually wears a large or extra-large. He has a long torso and tshirts are often too short. We opted for the XL size for these, and they are long enough without compromising a good fit in shoulders. Hopefully, they will not only hold up but continue to fit after more washings (we've found today's tshirts tend to continue shrinking with each wash).
This dress is stretchy and super sexy.
I wish the shirt could have been made from a heavier fabric ( like a Harley Davidson tee shirt ). Design and coloring was very good.
I like the style and material
Its a nice top. The only issue is that it keeps riding up, so I have to keep adjusting it to lower it back into place.
The underwear part was not the right size but the waistband was perfect
I have two pair of this pant. One pair I bought in the store to give them a try. I liked them well enough to order another pair here on Amazon. The second pair I received were identical (other than color) than the store bought pair, except the fit much tighter. I suspect that the pair I ordered were mis-labeled at the factory. They fit like they are one size smaller than the label indicates
Very cute on, comfortable
I ordered two of these skirts one for my daughter normal size and one for me plus size when they arrived they were both the normal size mine was not plus. Sadly I have to return mine it is such a pretty skirt hate that it didn't come in my size.
Like this shirt, color was a little off....I got the green. Its a little cartoony. Not a sophisticated green. The criss cross cold shoulders are loose and a little floppy. Fits fine everywhere else. Like it, but will not purchase again in any color.
Best purchase ever for me!! They work GREAT!! I feel like a new person!! Like them so much that i ordered another pack!!
Love this scarf, it goes really well with any dress. Only thing I was disappointed was the color isn't as bright as shown in the picture.
I only got these recently so can't yet comment on how they wear, but I tried them on and am happy. The wide waistband is so much more comfortable than the regular thin ones. They don't seem like a high-waist style for me which I'm glad about. I'm 5'5 and about 130lbs and pregnant, went with a medium. For me the length is good, but they will bunch a bit towards the bottom but I'd rather that than them be short. They seem to be a good thickness; not overly so and not so thin they're see thru.
I've tried a couple other "compression ankle socks" and most don't provide compression at all or very light. These actually seem to provide very nice compression and have me in less pain at the end of the day. I'd say my only complain is loose threads inside the sock, but what can you expect for the price and "From china".
Bought this for my husband when we got married. His shirt stayed put and did not slide. Worked out great for him. It's adjustable for all sizes.👌🏼
This is a beautiful dress. The skirt is thick and has a satin finish and the top is lined lace. The liner at the top is like a tank top that is attached inside. The lace felt great and looked great. Sadly, the dress was too large for me. I ordered the XL (size 16) and the top was little loose on me and the skirt was too big and long. I'm only 5'4" and the skirt went well below my knees. It was a pretty dress and I wish it had fit better.
Comfortable fit with no riding up. Overall satisfied, but the received different colors than was depicted in the product photo.
Could be larger and also the creases won't fall out of fabric.
I cannot 5 star them because of the top band that squeezes my calf but these are really great socks. But not for someone with some edema in their legs
Dress is exactly as pictured. Fits perfectly, and straps are adjustable!
a little heavier than i'd like but they stayed on after fastening some bobby pins into my hair. also if you go to bars with people in close proximity be careful about poking someone
These stockings are lovely. They fit comfortably and they stay put so I don't have to feel self conscious about whether or not I'll have a faux pas. Will order more for sure!
The shirt was very cute. The print looked identical to the picture. My only problem was the size. It's a baseball T-shirt, so I expected 3/4 sleeves, but they are full length sleeves. The torso is also shorter than what is a normal length for s medium shirt on me. Overall, it worked for what I needed!
Good quality and good sized burp cloths. A bit pricey.
Somewhat too big... Also the lace rips easily (I didn't know they had lace on them when I placed the order).
If you plan to wear untucked, the shirt is a tad short in my opinion.
Great material and well made. Very comfortable
Nice and thick, comfy.
It ran a bit long for a short-wasted gal like myself,
Material looks good, very nice looking blouse and price was very goof
This belt is looks very nice however it would not reach around my 44 inch waist as advertised. I think 42 inches is the max waist size for this belt.
The hood is connected by 4 little loops that come undone all the time but the jacket itself is cute
Love this but totally disappointed it did not come with the bottoms. Had I caught that when I ordered I would have passed.
Good quality medium weight T. Holds it's color in the wash. More muted tie dye was what I was looking for and this was perfect.
Fit a bit big I ordered a medium and i wear size 4 pants. I'm a 34D and the cup was a bit big.. the clip in the middle to hold it together is not the best quality.
Absoultely beautiful lace belt. Fits my 37" waist easily. Can wrap around and tie in the front or in the back.
Love these! I haven't worked out in them just yet but feel they will work just fine. Snug fit and comfy. I order a Medium. I am 5'7" and weigh 154lbs.
My son loves this costume, but it is not going to work for Halloween. It is skin tight, so can't put clothes on under it and it's super thin, so won't keep him warm at all. It's goid for around the house or summer wear.
Fit well, granddaughter like it very much
Socks are great for what my son needed them for(jumping on trampoline), but even with Prime Shipping, it took far too long to receive. Otherwise would have given 5 stars.
Our 8 year old son loves the gloves! Reason for 4 stars is the thumb does not have anything to cover it up when you want to cover up your fingers and they lose a lot of fuzz. They also retain water so if you are wanting to make snowmen or make snowballs expect your hands to be very cold, they do not do well for anything other than protection from the wind.
Great fit, looks ever better! Only downside is that the lace starts ripping. Even after hand washing and air drying it, you will start to see little holes in the lace.
The swim top protects your skin from direct sunlight preventing sunburns. The top is made from swimming material which dries fairly quickly when out of the water. It is a very nice color too. The draw back is that the sleeves are a little long but you can push them up.
I really like this dress. It is a comfortable fit. It's like an inch shorter in length than I would like but it's still very cute.
Great product. I gave it 4 stars only because the logo was an iron on type and not embroided. The hat does fit well and it looks good. Nice fit especially for women- it's the smaller/low profile type.
He likes them, now to get him to put them on his bottom and not on his head, lol.
Some of them are a little tight, but all in all fine.
I like the design of the bag, though it came a little crumpled up. Hoping everything smoothes out with use. Also very upset that I paid more for this bag and my key chain was never sent.
Perfect for my daughters gymnastics- true to size, good quality for the price. Would buy again/recommend.
Only reason I didn't give five stars was because on me there was some gapping on the top layer of the bust area. BUT I don't think that would happen on most people. I am just a combination of larger shoulders and smaller bust and am short so had to tighten straps.
Bought this for my Mom, the sizes run a little small but the material is super soft and keeps her warm.
It was beautiful but didn't come near as tailored as the pic shows and the top is not adjustable. If I wanted to alter it a little I could have made it more like the pic but returned it instead. I wish it had worked.
Fits nice but kind of shiny
These are great and well made. I would have given them 5 stars, except the price was a little high for a kid's T-shirt.
I love these. They are cute and comfy and fit me even at eight months pregnant. I love the fact that they unclip at the bust for easy nursing. I do feel like they are a little low cut, I like a little more coverage up top when I have a bigger bust while nursing. I'm a 36 D and the Large fit nicely. I'd love to purchase every color!
Bought this for my Ren Faire costume. I bought a small because my waist size is about a 26 and it fit VERY snuggly. Should have bought a medium, but now it's just encouragement for me to lose weight and tone up.
It's about as expected for the price. It helped enhance my costume's appearance, but if I was going to wear more than once, I would have probably invested in a more sturdy metal pin.
Good product, just not really my style. The pockets are somewhat tight, but this is a good slim wallet if that's what you're interested in.
This sweater is so comfortable and cute! The only issue is the top of the arms are tight. It stretches out but it's really cute and comfortable.
I got a size medium and I'm 120 pounds. Five foot five inches tall. The good: Great for the price! Shiny. Good stitching. Long enough for my longer-than-average torso. Makes me feel really cool. The not-so-good: the material scratches really easily. The shiny will wear off in places like your hands, feet, and bottom really fast. Washing it is also really bad for it. I had to alter it. I took about 2 inches off each side of the torso before it looked like the photo attached. Also you need to sew shoe soles or something to the feet. Or just wear shoes over it but that kinda ruins the look. Overall, work aside, I love it!
Kind of tight but does the job.
The hat projects the image of Elton John, but even though I measured around the crown of my head, it is a little snug. That is due to the fact it is circular, and their is a void in areas where your skull has flat areas (sides of your head). But it looks totally classy, and I will see about some way to either stretch the hat, or reshape it before use.
I like this sweater - its a great weight with a shirt underneath. The size was correct based on reading reviews. However, it doesn't look like this photo, the fabric and button placement is different than the photos. I ordered the coffee and its similar but mine has flecks of colors in it. It did take a LONG time to arrive but I would order this again.
I'm 5'9 and it was longer then I expected which isn't a bad thing but I did alter it to fit the length I desired to work with my dress!! It's simple and I love it!
its a little hard to button but I love the blouse
Its a hanes sweatshirt.
Cup size is a little big, padding is not really thick but it does stay in place
Good so far, been a few years and still holding up, no complaints so far.
Length is nice, but I would have gone a size larger for width (I'm a 16). Love the pockets!
Comfortable. I like that the brim is bigger than a ball cap which is what I usually wear. Great for lunch time walking at work - I don't get 'hat head'
Im a size medium but I ordered XL just in case, it's suppose to be stretchy so what could g wrong. I sure am glad I got it bigger size cause it was a bit tight on the top! Love it item, can't wait to wear it to my sister wedding !
My husband's black Columbia jacket's zipper quit working, so this was to replace it. This one fit perfectly; however, it's more of a dark charcoal not black. The label said black, but it's not. He decided to keep it anyway.
I'm 5'7 and I'm a full c so my entire boob was out , the bottoms fit lovely
My boyfriend and I used them for a military ball and they were great for the event, but they could have been a little wider.
I have a 38DDD chest and the XL fits just a bit snug.
I'm going to wedding in a few weeks and something comfortable and classy. I just had a baby so this was the perfect dress to make me feel pretty again as it covered up all the right parts.
Cute outfit for photos but I don't think this fabric will wear well over multiple washes.
Maybe a bit small for some people, I find it perfect. Getting a second one so I can spit things I need handy, license, health card...and the second for other cards organized in my purse. Strong zipper. Good by
Bought this for a friend's Halloween costume, she loved it! Comfortable and light. But it tears easily.
It's a lot heavier fabric than I anticipated. Looks adorable, but will have to be mighty cold for me to wear as I get too hot indoors with it
Soft, and not bad for the price, looks good and not really cheap. Just a little thin. I'm 6'3 and 155 and the Large fits me, loose, but height it good.
A little too lightweight for what I was expecting. All the same, acceptable.
The description says tagless - the sizing information is printed on the fabric; however, there is a tiny white tag inside each pair. Not a deal breaker for us though. They fit my son perfectly - offer great coverage and he likes all the different colors.
Color more gold than yellow.
Based on other reviews I orders a smaller size and it is too small! I really like the top so I am returning and getting a bigger size. We shall see.
I LOVE these leggings. It's a little on the small side. I had 3 pairs. One of them had a hole by my private part, so I threw them away. Other than that- I'm still wearing the first pair I got almost a year ago. The most recent one I got, I don't wear as much because it's really tight & it's not loosening up as much. But I do love the quality of these leggings!
Love the print and super light weight for summer. I ordered another one in the large instead and love it!
The belt has a nice appearance and seems well made. The belt is longer than expected; on my 34" waist, the belt extends about 8" past the buckle when buckled.
Very heavy duty webbing.
The shirt fit fine but the sleeves are too long
Very nice quality sweater. The weave is a bit tight so the sweater actually provides warmth.
The material is awesome perfect weight and soft!! The top fit perfectly but the bottoms are huge!!! There's a draw string tho so I'm keeping them!!! They washed up nicely but did not shrink!
It was bigger than the size indicates. But I like the design.
A bit small.. I have a very large bust lol but it is very cute
There is a whole but beside that is it fine i dont really want to send it back and wait but we will see
Color is not good quality
I went larger and fits nice but when you put stuff in pocket in front it stretches and looks funny. But I love the light wait and its comfy and stylish. I might try a smaller size.
Cute designs, but a little on the thin side.
Read previous reviews that it ran small, ordered up a size and the dress fit perfect. Super comfy and flattering, nice fabric. I ordered a large and the belt was way too small. I'm a 32 in bust size, so I'm pretty small and it needed a couple of inches still. The hat is also small like it's made for a child. I will have to find a new hat but love the dress!
Over the last few years I have just about switches all my casual no show socks over to Polo. I wear a size 15 shoe and it's difficult to find socks that are the right size. These fit perfect.... the only reason I gave them a 4 instead of a 5 is depending on which shoes I wear ever so often the back will slide down to my heel. It's not often nor is it with every pair.
Would have given this robe 5 stars except that an arm seam is coming apart after only two months of wear. Other than this disappointment the robe is warm and cuddly. Love the hood - use it all the time.
Very warm and cozy! The only issue is that the elastic in the sleeves are very small and very tight on the wrist.
Like the fit good product so far not really too fond of the bright Red though
Beautiful swimsuit BUT the top is a little revealing.
Very versatile bag but I wish it was bigger
The gloves seems to be good so far
I bought these T-shirts for my husband. Nice colors, but will shrink when you wash them. My husband wears a medium. If I knew they would shrink I would have gotten a larger.
Basically a hulk arm the stones will fall off really fast if you play with it but nice to just have to look at
Some feathers are colored when I ordered black
Arrived with no instructions so that was a bummer. Seller quickly emailed me photos of the instructions but that is kind of hard to use, would prefer actual instructions to print so I can see better how to use while putting on the product. Note that the white color is only TWO pieces, so it's 2 in 1 not 3 in 1: the waist and belly are just one belt piece instead of two, plus it comes with the pelvis belt. The posting is confusing because it's for the 3 in 1 product but if you buy the white you get 2 in 1. However, it seems to still serve all the same functionality of the 3 in 1 item and is just less pieces to layer so that's nice. The quality actually seems really good. The Velcro works well and holds tight. Haven't had it long enough to evaluate results. I am going to give it a try and will update my review after wearing it for a while.
A bit on the thin size but fairly comfy. Took them to travel Europe. A bit tight on ankle for me but stretch out.
Cute shirt that my 2-year-old loves so much that she wants to wear it every day.
Excellent quality but inexpensive dress for a one time formal affair.
Bought these for some old wool military pants and they work great.
The outfit is comfortable, however I was disappointed when the pants length was shorter than the picture. I am 5'2” and the pants stopped about 5 inches above my ankle. From the picture it looked like the pants would stop right at my ankle or below since I'm short. Other than that it fits my curves just right and the top fit my breast area with some tape added for support. I ordered a medium and I weigh 155 lbs.
Great shirt! My husband just couldn't get used to the 3/4 sleeves! Super soft. We bought some with the short sleeves. They are my husband's favorite comfy shirt to wear!
Fit perfectly. Lightweight denim. Very comfy. Straps very long but adjustable.
This is a beautiful dress and a great purple color. I ultimately returned it because I liked another dress better and didn't need two. But I would but this again
I liked the color and style but it was to small to wear as a dress. The size chart was incorrect
Prompt delivery. Nice product. I am a curvy 16/18 and it fit good. Size reflected size chart. They were looser on waist than I would like. I have a small waist and curvy hips. Length was nice not too short!
Material is ok but it is a little bit small. I should've order I size up.
I really like my new wallet, it holds all those pesky cards without bulking up. I find the one I want at first glance, the two long zipper pockets hold cash, whatever you want, a spare key, phone, flat items. I would give 5 stars if there was a wrist strap or a ring to attach one to. Love the colors and affordability, and ease of use, especially for senior citizens, shaky hands, arthritis, no hand strength. It's young and fresh looking, fun to reach for it, finally!
Fits fine and won't show under white or thin blouses so I'll keep it. Fairly comfortable.
Love this skull shirt only down side is that I don't care for pink and the flower colors only came in pink
Really like this shirt.
I'm 5'1 130 lbs and 36D. I ordered a small and it fits perfect. The material is really soft and stretchy. My only complaint is the stitching and the print layout. in some areas the sticking is off and the pattern doesn't match up.
This fit me weird. I guess is my of body but the bottoms were too big but the top was beautiful just an inch shorter than I'd like on my long torso
They are nice and large, but kind of stiff. These will take a while to "break in", which is why I usually buy vintage.
ran a little small and took a long time to get here
But he is pretty easy to please! He wears size 13 shoes right now and the medium size socks are definitely stretched near their max - I'm not sure they'll make it to the size 2.5 they advertise (he does have wide feet). They are also showing wear quickly (strings hanging off the bottoms), but he is very rough on his socks. We do like the black color and the variety of toe/heel colors. The amount of sole padding seems just right.
I am enjoying my wallet I am enjoying all the different pockets for my credit cards Thanks
This was really nice for the price. I am hoping when it was it that it holds up
Really pretty dress. I play in an orchestra. It runs large so size down.
I like this product. Good fit, not binding, does not roll down.
This wallet was perfect, I particularly love the front view where my husband can see his ID and not have to take it out of the wallet, the compartments are perfect, I give this a thumbs up folks!!
Happy with purchase do not feel quality is the best
A little large in the waist but I love the overall fit of the skirt
Neckline too low. After fist wash, sleeves & legs a might short.
Didnt reach closer to ear
Love the socks, they are super cute & exactly what I was looking for. They are thin but not too thin & just a little bigger than I expected but they work.
definitely keeps your gut in.
Nice hats.Would be better if you could choose 2 different colors in the order.Not thrilled with high profile look but good purchase for the price.Seems well made.
Super soft, very comfy.
Good fit. For my granddaughter
I needed a lightweight cardigan to wear around the house, and this is super cute! I'm 5'2 and over 200lbs - I usually wear a 2x, but ordered this in a 3x. If it came in a 4x that would have been great, because I would have preferred it to be a bit looser, but the 3x is a perfect fit, so I'd suggest sizing up one of you don't want it to be tight. The material is really soft and lightweight, and the pattern is bright. I like the edging at the bottom that gives it more shaping - it definitely makes it look nicer, and I wouldn't hesitate to wear this out or to work. It covers my butt, which I like, and the length of the sleeves is great on my short arms. I haven't washed it yet, but there aren't any care tags, so I'll probably just hand wash it cold.
I like it! The only problem that I had was that the green looks more grey. other than that, it's really cute and comfy.
I really love these shorts, although I went off the sizing chart and got a large because I wear a 8 in pants and the shorts are a little big. I'm 5'11 and 153lbs if that helps. They also do ride up, but that could be because they are a little big on me. I'll definitely be buying more shorts but in a medium.
Defiantly did the trip. Kept things from moving, therefore the pain was a lot less than expected. Would buy these again, hopefully won't need to.
Cute and very comfy...I really like this dress and would recommend it.
The print and color is beautiful. The back is full coverage, maybe good for a burnt back beach day! I got a large. I'm about 5'5 and 155 lbs more athletic build w thickness and a 34 C, I got the large and it fit moderately, a littl big but the fabric is thinner than usual. No padding in the boobs either so not much support.
It seems to be comfortable had I ordered a larger size. Other then being to tight very comfortable.
Pretty top. Thin material with stretch. Wear a cami underneath and you are good to go. Looks like the picture.
I loved this dress but did end up returning it. I got a medium and am generally a small to medium. The arms were actually a bit awkward for me. I have average sized arms, maybe slightly on the smaller size, so I had a lot of extra room in the sleeves. They kind of flared out. The length was great. I am 5'3 and it went around my knees in the front and a few inches below in the back. I ordered a handful of dresses and just happened to like another better but it is cute and does fit as expected. If you have very thin arms I'd recommend the smaller size as this was mostly my only issue.
I wish the card slots opened on opposing ends of the wallet, once it's full of the extra leather and stitching builds up and the wallet becomes lopsided. This is a minor issue though.
Great quality, difficult to order size. Ran large
Took a while to be delivered and runs on the small side.
The dress is thin but not too see through, I wore a slip under it just to be safe and to keep me extra warm. I would say order a size up if you have longer arms and//or a baby bump like me! Otherwise I'd say it fits like it should and is a great buy!
I'm a size large so naturally I ordered an XL which usually fit perfectly when ordering online, but this is definitely one product that you can order your real size in. XL is too big and I wish I ordered a LG, but it is very comfortable and I will be keeping it regardless.
Ok, so Amazon won't allow me to do different reviews on the two different skirts. I loved the red , it was perfect. However I also bought a black one and it was about 2 inches shorter.
Nice jacket overall. Length runs a bit short, but otherwise pretty true to size. Perfect for cold weather. I like it!
Good solid denim, nice quality jeans. Not what I would call relaxed fit though.
I like the socks but one of the straps already broke, after one use. I will have to saw it back on.
Item arrived on time. Material is soft and flows easily. Highly recommended.
Nice comfortable shirt
Very cute and daughter loves it. I wish it had a little more give in the material. Tutu does stick out (which daughter wanted), but does stick a little more up then out in the back side. Chose size based in chart and fits, just wish it was bigger.
Pants were nice but didn't meet the needs of my dad. I am a couple of weeks beyond the 30 day return window. Could I please return these items? If so I need some assistance in doing so?
This hat provides great coverage and packs nicely in a suitcase but it's more flimsy than it appears.
I have 36DD and usually buy a large expecting a little more room. This fits exactly right. Almost a little tight for my taste but it works if I'm having a skinny day!
Purchased this as a gift for my Hubby for Valentine's Day and he loved it!
Nice, cute, comfortable little dress with a good fit.
I don't like being the size I am but finding underwear that fits and feels comfortable is a consolation. While I find that the body of these panties is comfortable and generous, the elastic used in the waist and panties needs to be a bit bigger. As I pull the panties up over the bulges the sound of threads snapping and coming undone is not pleasant. It's like the panty is the perfect size but the leg and waist elastic are for two sizes smaller and if possible to get them on they cut into the skin. I bought 6 pair, have not tried every pair on yet but already there is one pair that i just can't even get on because the elastic waist is so small it won't pull up over my body. Please be a bit more generous with the waist and leg elastic!
I am 5'5", approximately 135 lbs, wear a size 36C bra, and typically wear size 6-8 in tops. So according to the size chart, I should be in a L or XL. I ignored that and got a M and it still runs a little baggier than shown in the picture. Its super cute and a decent material that's not too see-through, but just be cautious when choosing your size.
I really like the design. Fit as expected. Comfortable casual.
This was a gift for my sister.
I needed something with a little forgiveness in the midsection as I bought this shirt post partum. I found the product ran true to size, I purchased the Large size. It is exactly what I was looking for because I wanted a shirt that would give me a little room but I could also use after the baby belly went away and it wouldn't become stretched out. This shirt was all of those things. I am currently 5'7 and about a size 8 in typical American sizing and this shirt fit me just fine. Not large and flowy but with a little stretch. The large horizontal band across my hips was a little constricting, but after my post baby hips shrunk a bit, this shirt was pretty good for what I needed.
From reviews I ordered 1x. I usually wear xl. These were still on the small side. If you want a loose baggy like pants go 2 sizes up. Mine are almost snug. I prefer it a little looser. If I reorder I'll get 2x. I haven't washed yet and I'm concerned about that. Their soft and comfy though.
I am, sadly, a rather larger person through the middle and these shirts are a bit snug in that area but they are very long which is what I was hoping for. They fit well enough that I bought 6 more (3 more packs of two) and they have been durable and well worth the purchase.
For what you pay for these they're great quality. I've used them for about 6 months now and they're still holding up.
Well, I went by reviews and ordered a size up. I'm a solid small in sport bras, so I ordered the medium it was a mistake. I am 5'3” 130 lb 34C/D bra and The bra section is too big. Its too big around and the cups are too large. The rest of this top is adorable. Slim fit and super cute back detail.
I like my tops to be generous in their length, but this top is way too long.
The Lacey top layers are coming off.
On the torso the item is slightly loose. I ordered a small. Fits nice in all other areas. I made need to gain muscle but the item is good.
I weigh 155 and im 5'4 the size chart saids a meduim is a 8-10 thats not true i wear a large which is 8-10 this dress would of been way to small if i would of went with meduim so i sized up from reviews saying runs small good thing i did fits snug its not a strechy material .The dress is a thick material very nice i would buy again😊
I ordered this product a size larger than I normally wear and it was snug. 2 sizes larger would probably have fit perfectly. The fabric is soft and breathable. These are easily dressed up for work or to be made more casual.. very versatile
It was funny and worked.
Biggest size was still a little too small for me, size 13. And they get very warm. Good quality though.
I only bought it to wear over leggings but it would be way too small to wear without anything under it.
Good fit and cute, but very long (will have to cut off).
These seem like a great alternative to expensive wool socks. They were a little less soft than high end sock initially but after a couple washings they are soft as can be. Maybe the best 81% wool socks I have owned.
Love the shirt but is a bit wide for the size. I wish it weren't too wide.
Bought this in a medium during pregnancy. Needed a light jacket during the cooler spring season. This is a VERY light jacket. If it's cooler out you might want to layer with a thin sweatshirt underneath (careful though, the shoulder area is VERY tight).
This is a very beautiful outfit the only thing I dislike about it is the one should have been placed up higher if your baby is in 12 months order the 18 months to be safe it's not true to size daughter look like she had a v-neck on
The outfit itself is adorable. The only thing that was a bit disappointing was that the top was a little loose. I bought this for my daughter's photo shoot. I took the right measurements described on the sizing chart & got the correct size off the chart. Came out to the same size she's already wearing but, unfortunately we are going to have to taylor the top a bit.
Great product. I expected it to be bigger due to other reviews, what I didn't expect was the insanely long arms that went along with it being bigger.
I wasn't sure about ordering clothes online but everything I bought in this order fit exactly like I expected I was very happy
It fit really good. Kinda wrinkly when I opened it up out the package. Its very casual.
Durable product after 6 month they look okay.
I am 5'6 appx. 300lbs and have a large belly. It definitely pulls everything together. My only thing is that the break between the end of the corset leaves an impression if you're wearing a bodycon dress or something tight fitting. Same goes with the hooks. You can see them through the dress, but if it's a dress with print on it, it's not too noticeable. I can go about 12 hours at a time before it starts getting to uncomfortable. That being said, it's uncomfortable to initially put on for me. But if you want to smooth some stuff out and attempt for a snatched waste, give it a try .
Glasses are nice. It did have some scratches on one of the lens cover.
Dress is fine. A little longer than I wanted but for the value it works Swings really nice
Very pretty dress...nice fit, just a little loose at the waist.
Bought these to wear with. It's. Solid construction and good quality.
Good fit but rolls in the back when you sit.
I had no issues with this. I'm now using this all the time in place of my too thick wallet. Bought for a 2-week trip overseas originally.
Very large, and very heavy material, returned as Pocket was sewn into seam
Very cute, if not a little small. I still wear it as a regular tank top. Regardless of the size, it's still a very nice tank top.
Made very well / just didn't fit my 8B foot -
I've worn it multiple times and no one can tell the difference but me. I wear it mostly at night. My only complain is that it should come with more belt holes. I tried to make my own and nearly damaged the belt.
Beautiful dress! I'm 5'7 and 140 pounds. I ordered a small for a tighter fit, but it was still a little loose.
Great quality material, really strong but the size runs small. The XXL doesn't fit a size 14.
I'm 5'4 and I weigh 155 with a chubby guy lol ,I'm a medium to a large and I ordered these pants in a small and they fit me just right!
I'm quite pleased with this item. It also buttons together and the front and the underwear button together on both sides, definitely a good outfit for easy access LOL
Fits well but I had to wash them several times before I could wear them because of the smell
Cute hat, it is not as distressed as the picture makes it look. More of a muted black casual ball cap.
Sizing is very generous. I'm 5'5” 130lbs B cup and ordered a medium. Wish I'd ordered a small, but it's very loose and flowy. Nice material very soft and not too see thru although I usually wear a slip anyway.
Its hard to get on, but did keep my face and ears covered in winter....
Just received the dress that I ordered for my Mom. The fit is nice, if you're into this particular style, fabric feels to be good, pretty substantial not light. Hopefully it washes well. Quite pleased.
Wore it to my neice's roaring 20's wedding reception. Very comfortable and fun!
Love this shirt, but the belt loops are a bit high. I can't use them at all because it keeps my arms from moving. I just tie the belt on, but the shirt slips through and I am constantly adjusting. It's annoying, but I still love the shirt so I have it 4 stars.
Very comfortable. They fit great and do not bunch up.
I have not worn it yet but looks cute.
Nice looking jacket. Fits well. I had to return it because it was the wrong style.
I loved the material of the dress, it's so soft and the medium is true to my 30 week pregnant size. 5'5 at 168. Fit perfectly. BUT, I don't think it takes into account the amount of boob growth a woman has during pregnancy because it would NOT go over my bust. Length was what you would expect. With my height it just touched the floor, so average. Very comfortable! Just going to have to wear a vest over it for my baby shower. :)
quality as expected. Delivery on time.
So cute! I love it, it fits great and the quality is better than expected for the price. Unfortunately, mine did not include the waist sash, but I will just add a wide black belt.
works well after 1st. laundry. The cotton was a little stiff before.
The color is on point!.....but the small bottom feels like an extra small and the small top feels like a medium
I'm a short chick, 5'2 and had to hem.
This is a great wallet. It is compact and well made.
Very soft. A little big for my 4 month old granddaughter (she's 14 lbs) but she can still wear them. She should be able to wear them for awhile which is nice. We'll see how they hold up.
Very cute and comfortable Shawl.
Has some sort of odor coming from the saree looks like it has been shelved for a long time. Just air it up and is good to go. Colors as in the picture.good material.
The purple color was a bit much for my taste. It reminds me of daphne from scooby doo. Maybe I'll use them in a cosplay. Otherwise I probably won't wear these much but i will order in different colors
A little loose for my liking but they're really warm and cosy. So no complaints.
I dislike the color brown, but this is ok. Thought I would take a chance.
My daughter loves these jeans!!
Most of clothing from Amazon don't fit curvy girls,sorry the American,nor Asian sizes fit me.Please I need help.I love your clothing but they rarely fit me.Don't make me shop at the store,
I really like the pants, they are just too tight on my tummy.
Great product!!!!! I love how the costume looks, especially the fabric and how it has a sparkly kind of texture? My only strife is that the belt was very fake, obviously I can make one on my own but the foam belt was very odd... looks great anyways! Thank you!!!
Great material lots of compliments in this dress I got it in a Medium at first and was a little big bought the small fits great
I like the item, it was too big for me. I'll order a size smaller next time.
I ordered an XL. The fit is great, the only issue I have with this shirt, is sleeves are beyond long!! They hang way over my hands, I have to roll them a couple times. Overall I like the shirt, I do not like how extra long the sleeves are.
It was a small medium I'd say. Go a size up for baggier fit.
I like it. I love the thumb holes. The sleeves stay down & keep my hands very warm. The only thing I didn't like was the length. The longest point comes 2 or 3 inches below my knee. I am 5'4" and I could wear this as a dress.
Definitely not silk as advertised. But worked fine for the occasion.
Good pair of nice stretchy jeans for the price !! I would order again! I am 6' tall and from the measurements I thought they'd be another inch longer but most people won't have this issue. I have amazon long legs!! The color was great and true to size!!
Very comfy and they fit well. I'm 5'3 and 130 lbs and ordered Small. I read the reviews before buying so to me, they're exactly what I was looking for... fitted but not compression. I would like more different options of colors..... I was looking for the red one but it comes with a green I do not like and a blue (that I already got from another combination). Maybe the seller should offer the option of single item.
The product itself is beautiful! Beautifully made and absolutely soft. It just doesn't compliment my body- that's not the manufactures fault so gave it 4 stats for exactly as described just didn't work for me!
Cute and perfect fit for children. Will not fit an adult. Bought for a 2 year old tea party and these will be just perfect!
My daughter likes them. They fit a little more boyshort like than what was expected but still comfortable.
Love it for my father
Could've ordered a size or 2 smaller... fits very big but extra comfy. Probably gift this one to my friend and order a smaller one. Overall it's a very nice robe and I like it a lot!
I little darker brown than I thought it would be but my son still likes it. I will say that I assumed the sizing would be accurate and went ahead and trimmed it to 32 before my son tried it on. Huge mistake! It barely connects at the last hole so I will need to replace it but that's my fault.
Would have liked it easier to turn off lights. No cleaning instructions
I always have a hard time finding things hat my kids like! Idk what it is maybe there to picky lol! Well I saw these and decided to give it a try and man why did I not think of this before! I have 3 kids each one has there favorite one and I don't have to hear about them crying. Very good material and it comes with wrist bands which is pretty cool!
It was a cute shirt just was to tight around my bust.
They are boxers that fit,and the cover as they are supposed to. Ne'er vice was excellent!
These are nice comfy gloves. They don't really block wind that well. The touchscreen fingertips are good enough to answer a phone call but not the best for texting.
Good material, for as expected
The number was pink, but everything else was cute and did what it was supposed to do
My boyfriend loves this it holds up to the wash machine
LOVE this shirt for my husband.
Definitely cream/off white and not actually white as stated. And also a lot thicker than picture shows. Almost like a different pair of tights altogether. But still good quality.
Not as soft as expected given nano fiber.
I have twin daughters, so I ordered this set and another very similar set from another vendor with the same style tiara and a pink sash, instead of black. The tiara in this set is very nice and weightier (20% heavier) than the one from the other set. However, the sash in this set, while it looks nice, is very thin. The pink sash in the other set is made of a thicker, higher quality material, so I think it will probably look and hold up a bit better than the black. This set was $1 more than the other set. It would have been nice to have the tiara from this set and the sash from the other set, but overall, this is a very nice set that I think my daughter will enjoy wearing on her birthday!
Cute, nice material, runs big, great for hanging around the house with leggings , buttons do not function
Super cute, great quality. Only issue- it doesn't cover baby's ears very well, it's constantly riding up.
I've ordered a lot of swimsuits over the last few months, what with swimsuit season upon us. I was looking for something that would cover me up a little more than previous ones I chose, as I don't want to use sunscreen everywhere ALL the time. I used the size guide pictured above and the suit fits me fine when it is dry, but is a little lose when it is wet (have only worn it once so far). I wear a size 10-12 and got the XXL as I have wider hips than top. It still works great though. I like that my shoulders are covered and that the zipper stays put. I've tried others on similar to this suit where the zipper unzips a little too easily and shows a little too much, if you get my drift. I thought I would remove the removable pads, as many time they are not in the right spot or they are too much. But they actually complemented the suit very well and stay in the right place. Overall, this product will work well for our long days at the splash pads and pool.
Fingers are tight and the fur isn't as fluffy as I thought it would be
Love this shirt was a present for my daughters 21st . She loves it soft and washes well. Great product. Thumbs up
Very pretty and figure flattering. It is very long....all the way to the floor....wish it had been Tea length. Nevertheless its very nice
Lettering is shiny and looks somewhat cheap and shirt is made of a stretchy, almost swimsuit material that wrinkles easily. However, it is true to size and very comfortable, I have no real complaints!
Tasteful, delicate, lightweight floral. Perfect for summer, and fits great!
This suit (I bought in black) is flattering. However, if you have a longer torso you may experience the suit riding up a bit. I ordered a size large and I am a size 8 so it likely runs small. Overall I like it but wish it was a little longer in the torso.
I have been looking for a navy tunic/top long enough to wear with leggings and skinny jeans and this one is perfect! Lightweight, but not see through. I ordered two sizes up as suggested and it's a perfect fit!
Very soft shirt. Love the color and design. Material is great for those really hot sunny days.
Very comfortable, looks nice, and is true to size. The material is a cheap silky nylon. I thought it would be more cotton like ...but I still like it.
This dress is super cute and sexy especially for the price. My husband fell in love with the dress when I tried it on...cant wait to get dolled up for our birthday next month. This dress will be a hit...oh and I am thinking of ordering a black one.
Can tell it's not of the greatest quality but it's not bad, at least for the price I got it on sale. Pretty cute top. Love that I can def still keep using and wearing it even once I'm done breastfeeding.
have not tried it on yet so not sure. Looks like picture and I think it will be cute on
I like it very nice but I think it is cut small. I wear a 18 regular so I went up in size (2X) so I could wear jeans under it. Tried it on with leggings and it fit snugly but I could move in it but I think I'm going to order a 3X to see. I'm scared if I get to playing in snow with my grandkids to much it might tear.
Fits well at the waist. If you have other thighs it doesn't fit as well
I love the material and fit of this shirt. I ordered a medium typically I'm a large but with looser fitting shirts I usually order down. I will say this shirt is very long. It would be great with leggings but tough to pull off with skinny jeans.
These are nice little socks but they still left indents on my baby's cankles and they pill pretty bad too.
i really like this jacket -- it is very cute / hip. total 90s vibes. it isnt the highest quality, but again, very cute.
Overall good costume for my 5 year old
A little shorter than I like but great quality otherwise!
Useful for dress, beach cover up or even a nightgown.
I am 5'8" and have a 41" waist, and so I wasn't sure what size to buy. I ended up ordering the plus size with 36" length, because I didn't want to have any gaps when moving around. It was more than ample to wrap around - I could wrap the skirts 1-1/2 times around at least! This makes them very secure, but also means that some of the dress configurations aren't very doable with all the extra fabric. I plan to keep them to wear as skirts. I liked two out of the three skirts I got. The third (lighter pink in photos) was of a different type of fabric - more synthetic feeling, and noisy when I moved around. I probably won't wear it for that reason. However I was pleased with the look and feel of the other two. The ties are very long... I might shorten them. I will also reinforce the stitching around the holes in the waistband to strengthen them, as there is just a loose zig-zag stitch. If you are debating between sizes, I did end up ordering a second set of the regular width, and they worked fine for me. The reason is that the skirt is fuller at the bottom, so even though it only overlapped 5" at the waistband, the overlap further down the skirt was larger.
Great product! Fast shipping!
It is very cute. But see through. Kinda scratchy.
I like how it feels the material is good it's not cheaply made. I thing I that it need to be little longer in torso.
The overall quality seemed good, but this item did not work out for me. I like the feel of the fabric, and the color was true (black). The fit was not good. I am 6'1", and it was too short. The sleeves were not as long as pictured, and the top was short for my torso. The neckline sat oddly across my shoulders.
Very soft. I am 5'2 at 108 lbs and order a small. Top runs big, bottom waste runs smal
Very flattering on me. Ive been looking for dresses that are comfortable, casual, but can be dressed up. Im 5'7, 225 lbs and this dress hit right at my knee and hides my mommy tummy. I plan on buying more.
This is one of my favorite vests but I always leave my Carhartt shirts untucked but I just wish the length was longer. It is longer in the back but the front is really short. I still wear it and just live with it but this would have been a five star if they offered a big and tall longer option. Most of my other vests are longer in the front like I like but definitely worth getting.
I liked the material but the back is really low. It has no support for my back fat and the straps keep falling even if I adjust them.
This looked so cute on my Granddaughter.
Fit is good. The non-slip nubs initially feel a little strange but after several minutes I really don't notice them. They are nonslip. I wear a size 14 shoe.
I ordered up a size as others recommended, and it was still snug. (But a good size for me) If my arms were larger, it probably wouldn't fit, because even after going up a size, the arms are very tight. My lack of boobs isn't super great either because even with a push up bra, the shirt sort of pushes my boobs flat because it's so tight. I would have probably been better going up 2 sizes. Like medium now becoming XL. Since I went up, the snappy part is much longer, but not an issue for me. UPDATE: After wearing the shirt for awhile, It fits how I want it to. I suggest just ordering up 1 size.
I love these sunglasses. The frames are loose fitting for my head, but otherwise fit well. I get compliments on the way they look.
Soft fabric, vibrant color, easily adjustable straps, fit well around my ribcage. But the cups hardly covered my boobs (large for my build, but still). I have a small frame so ordering a size up wasn't an option. Will still wear.
Pretty nice women's tee shirt. Medium light weight fabric. Shrinks in dryer. Order 1 size up and line dry.
Really cute, great idea and design. However, my baby's chubby thighs were too big for these. I had to return :(
They're as they look in the photo. I like the color and I think I'll enjoy them at the pool this summer. They were a little bent when I got them so had to lay them out to straighten out so not wear right out of box.
I was able to distract my boyfriend away from hockey with this lingerie! I consider that a Given!
fit as expected. perfect for winter season and I love how it feels to your skin soft and comfortable the size is about right for my baby bump
Love this skirt. Great addition to my wardrobe. Well made, nice fabric for the price.
Got these in a medium and I'm 150 lbs and 5'7. The fit is great, definitely tighter than looser but that's what I was looking for. Only down side is that they feel a little hotter than what I would like, especially for workout and hot weather. They make you sweat a lot but the fabric dries pretty fast.
I love this company and was excited to try this wrap post delivery. So far it has been good, keeps everything in place and has helped recovery. However, it isn't very big! It covers about half of my torso, so I have to pick like areas to focus on, and then the skin kind of overflows out the top :/ which is disappointing that it doesn't cover and compress everything that needs to be compressed. If it was taller it would be amazing! But since I can get a much taller wrap for less money, I wouldn't buy this one again.
It fits a bit larger than I expected, but it still looks good. It is also very comfortable.
Cute but size up on ordering. Also a little short. I will keep because I intend to wear boots with them.
Love this! Looks just as pictured. I was worried when it arrived as it looks small but is super stretchy. Looks cute on my 4mo old!
Yes it was good, keeps time good also. Would be beneficial if directions were included regarding resizing the bracelet. Seiko and other quality watches have more than pins, they use collars now and have over the last few years.
Decent fit. A bit large for under polo shirts, but that my change as they break in.
this is a well made and secure bra. it has slight padding which can make it alittle poofy but not so much that it's in the way of your natural body. the fit in the band is accurate 100%. my problem was the cup size to me it runs a full size up too big. But the quality the construction of this bra is fantastic especially for this price I was pleasantly surprised. I will be ordering another color.
No as soft as I thought. Also would have liked them bigger and I even ordered a large thinking that was sizing up.
I love these, works great in a work environment; the only thing that bugged me was the button hole isn't aligned right so you will have to DIY to fix the hole but other than that everything gravy baby
The shirt and vest fit as expected, but the pants were bit long
I did a lot of research and decided to try this one. I read the negative reviews, but this is the most comfortable, best fitting-bra I have ever owned. I do wish it had a little padding, but I am still so happy I decided to order.
Runs a little small. I wear a size 12 shoe and that are a little small. They still fit but they are tight. Otherwise they are excellent!
I love this swimsuit. My friend also got one and loves hers as well. Only problem is it's hard to get on.
Great support and feels amazing on. The pouch is bit small. I prefer more room to juggle and free flow. But overall, heck yeah I would buy this jockstrap again. I would recommend going a size up from your usual underwear.
I am a true large, and this is a little tight. Lower half flows well, but the top is tight. Doable, but makes me look chubby. Suggest going up a size if you want a loose fit.
Pretty dress. You may want to size down for someone who is a little shorter or thinner for her age.
Good value for money but it's not as breatheable as one would expect for workouts.
Wasn't sure I could sell the idea of wool socks to my kiddo but she loved them. The moment she tried on one she declared that she only wanted wooly socks from now on. They are very soft and the cats were cool too. I'm not sure how durable these are though. I think after first wear one of them is already forming a hole or at least a visible weakness.
Purchased a Medium because they said these run large. I guess that's subjective. I had to return and get a lg or extra large
Shirt is just as I expected. Colors are great and very true to size.
Thick and hold up well as long as you hand wash them. They stay up for the most part, but are a little tight and I am short with big thighs, so I have to pull them all the way up to get them to not roll down, but they look nice and once you figure out where to place them they work pretty well and get compliments on them, so have bought more than once! And will replace again when needed....
Quality wasn't bad for the price. A lot of the reviews suggested to size up, but I found it to run true to size. I am 5'6, 110 lbs, and a 32B. The small was slightly large, but fit overall
Affordable, well fitting lingerie that accents all the right assets. Would buy again!
Great quality material, but runs a little long in the straps. Love the style and print so I'm keeping it.
Love almost everything about this! I would like the garter belt to reach the stocking w/ o having to wear it over the panties BUT it's stunning either way! The stocking and amazing quality and super soft and beautiful but I have thicker thighs and they get quite tight if I pull them all the way up a little disappointed but not the products fault
Grand daughter loves it; except she said she had itchy armpit - lol - from the sequins. I'll think of a way to negate that by the time she wears for her cruise formal nights. 🙃
Ran smaller than expected. Recommend sizing up.
Only downside is the thickness of the sock. I do not think it will hold up as long as I would like.
love the lightweight fabric but a little big for me
It's a bit small I think I need to go up a size but feels comfortable and warm and nice material and strong.
These might run a little small for some women. However, they're comfortable, especially if you don't like waistbands on your belly.
Great deal. They are very comfortable. I normally wear a 38 DDD and got the XXL. It wasn't as tight as I expected it to be so I recommend getting a size smaller if you like a tighter fit.
My pug-loving son adores this shirt. So much so, that I've bought it twice. The first shirt got destroyed when our new puppy decided she wanted to play with the super fun looking pug face. I ordered a large rather than a medium the second time around, because the medium (which is the size he normally wears) was kind of short. It wasn't tight, but the large is long enough without being too baggy.
Church it was just a little big in the waist
Loved this shirt! Went back and bought one in another color!
Great pants, but the hole at the waits for the drawstring broke after 5ish times of wearing them. Sewed it up, but I would order again 100%. Very comfortable.
so far so good. not heavy, lightweight as needed. havent washed them yet, hopefully they hold up.
Really nice sweater. I think it runs small, but I'll regift it, so that's a plus.
I own several pair of compression sleeves and they work so well keeping my plantar fasciitis pain down. These socks do not offer the compression I need. They seem like very well made socks but not what I was looking for.
Bought these for an extremely fit dancer in our recent production. He normally wears a size 32, we bought a medium which fit everywhere but left an odd gap in the back that I had to sew shut. A smaller size would likely have been tight in the thigh. These may have fit better on someone with a more average build, as this fellow is quite muscular. Stood up to a small production runs worth of use, so sturdily made.
I was not crazy about the material, but loved the design and print.
This dress is adorable! I'm 5'6 and 135lbs. I wore sandals but if I wanted to wear heels, the straps are adjustable so you lengthen the dress if need be. There is definitely some side boobage but it isn't terrible. I was holding a friends 2 year old and dancing with her and not once did I feel exposed or like anything was going to pop out.. I definitely recommend this dress :)
A bit big, but my girlfriend is shorter than most, so these are for taller people.
This is cute but I didn't know an Empire waist. The dress is longer in the front than the sides so it isn't too short. I kept it because it is a deal for an easy summer dress option with flats. I picked the Mocha color and it is nice. Doesn't look like a tent which I was worried about. I am 5'6' and 140 got a Med for my larger chest and it is perfect. Just wash in cold and lay flat to dry. Fabric is a little thin, not sheer but thin
The mask is prettier in person, an worked great for my masquerade ball. It is really thin, and feel like with too much wear it will eventually snap. Other than that you cannot go wrong with the price!
seemed long in inseam. didn't measure. still wearable. Good quality material and assembly.
They run a little small, but they are well made and looks like they will last. Much better than your average t-shirt
It was used for a Halloween costume and it worked really well and was very cute. It was a little bit see through and needed to be steamed for wrinkles but it was absolutely adorable.
See through. If you have junk in the trunk, they will become see through. Just be aware of that. They are awesome otherwise.
I wear a size 12 jean and have a big backside, I ordered the large and it was a little snug. If there was a size between large and extra large then it would fit perfectly. THAT BEING SAID, despite the fact that they were tight and STILL didn't squish my butt at all speaks volumes on these shorts butt lifting powers! They are also good for the girl whose booty always seems to turn any pair of shorts into booty shorts, they are long enough to hide the cheeks. I will definitely be ordering more in different colors and sizes for when I progress more in my fitness journey. I highly recommend these. They're also mad cute and structured
It cautions not to iron, but steaming was not cutting it- so I carefully ironed, and it was fine. I'm 5'7" and the length was good. I did tie the corset fairly tightly to keep everything in place, but otherwise size was good.
I like the fit. The fabric is cute. Feels more like a rayon or polyester. But still like the pants.
I bought this skirt for a banquet. I got a lot of compliments.
This product was much better than I expected! I have paid triple for similar pullovers. The quality and fit are just a good
Material is great jacked was perfect fit but pats were snug.
They are a bit big, but my daughter will wear them in the fall for school.
The socks both look great. The graphics are well done and have good color quality. Initial fit was very tight. Size 9.5 men's, and it was a challenge to get the sock over the heel to leg. The foot portion is a good fit. The calf portion is quite snug...and I don't have calves worth looking at twice
This bra is okay. But you can see the zipper depending on what you wear outside.
I like the leggings. They fit loosely for leggings. And run big. I ordered S/M but the actual tag on the tights says "M" so they fit a Medium not really a Small. Otherwise fine.
It is well made, just a little snug.
A bit small but very pretty and nice.
MY FAULT I LIKE A LITTLE SNUGGER FIT. BUT I LOVE THE BRA. WILL ORDER AGAIN. RIGHT NOW AS A MATTER OF FACT!!!!!
Fit great and retains the size and all even after being washed. Very comfortable and no issues with it riding up
The shirt is very soft and very comfortable to wear, the only thing is that it runs really big. I ordered a large because I'm 5'9 and the shirt still goes down to my thighs.
I received this on time and great fit however the zipper does not work so I would have to have it changed.
Great comfort very happy with them, I ordered one pack to see if I would like them, after they arrived ordered a second pack!!!
Its really a snug bra. Im a 40DD so i bought the 2XL since reviews says it runs small .. & it does. The bottom keeps rolling up in front. I will keep looking for a true cozy fit .
The only thing I disliked was that I waited two days too long to exchange. I ordered two an xl for my coworker and xxl for me . The sizing was off and she needed a XXL. I am stuck with a cute shirt that is too small to wear. I am a Prime member and I order a lot. I was disappointed at the “two days too late” Now I have a shirt I can't wear and no one will ask where I purchased it. That seems like the company doesn't need anymore business???
5 foot 10, 145 pounds. I ordered a small, I love it, looks just like the pics. Its definitely a tunic, not a dress for someone my height anyway. Sleeves a too short though so I took off a star for that.
I find the hoodie soft and comfy but torso size is smaller than expected since the arm length is as long as expected for a size Large.
only complaint is that the cargo pockets are kind of small
Beautiful and looks great on. Unfortunately the sleeves wouldn't stay down and kept sliding up
My grandson loved this was a little large in hands for a kid but over all nice he looks just like the real spiderman
This top is super comfy! Where the solid color meets the stripes gives u a flattering shape. I really like the thumb holes, I have long limbs and I love the extra sleeve length.
This dress is super cute and flattering, but the buttons don't unbutton! I'm in the hunt for accessible clothes and this dress tricked me. If you aren't needing access to breastfeed then I highly recommend this dress.
Nice socks - stay up and don't sag at the heel. The only thing that I didn't like was that they are thin. If you want a thin sock for certain shoes then this is the sock for you. Otherwise its a great sock for a great price. I would recommend them.
This is Faux leather or "fake leather" (PU) so for the price - you get what you pay for. It wasn't in the product title, but it was in the description as being PU leather . Despite this fact, it's put together well and the cap looks like the advertisement photo. It also fits well and holds it shape.
I love it, the waist isn't as slim fit as I would like but it fits my shoulders perfect. The hood is too small to actually cover your head, I like big hoods.
I really like this dress. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a little on the thin side, but it is not see-through and overall I am happy.
Love it! Would buy it in other colors
The large was too big and the medium was too small. Pay attention to the sizing chart and order accordingly.
Over all its a good made hat, but I had a few threads loose
Good pants for working out. They don't rip,stretch out or show sweat. They are not see through or flimsy. These are high impact activewear.
cute but not real glitter daughter loves it
I like it, but it doesn't lay down as well as I'd hoped, which means I definitely can not wear it under anything without lumps. So, I love it, it's great material, arrived on time, sexy design, but it will for sure only be able to be used for play time.
really cute hat but Amazon shipped in a large envelope. holding the creases over steaming water and rubbing inside the hat softened the creases mostly.
I was hesitant to order because i saw more negative reviews than positive especially on delayed delivery. I needed this shirt for Friday and it arrived Thursday (a day earlier than expected). I placed my order on Monday and it came in 3 days which is great! I also saw complaints about a strong smell from the print which i did not notice. It doesn't smell like anything at all. The fit is as expected. My only complaint is the print is a little thin. You can see the black shirt coming through some but it doesn't look bad. I will take care with washing so it lasts a while. I really only NEED this for one night anyways.
A little to square but great shirt
seems like good quality, but it was pretty big.
I really like how opaque it is. The straps are nice not too skinny, not too wide. I probably should have gotten a size small versus x-small as it wants to roll up a bit on my long torso.
Great socks to wear with pants and skirt comfortable holds everything together
I really liked these wings. They were actually much more teal / green than the photo, which was A-ok for me. After about 8hrs of wearing the shoulder straps, they started to bother me a bit. One of the finger elastics came off the wing, but I can sow it back on. I did 'flap around a lot' while wearing them
The dress was very cute and very flattering but the color with the polka dots in person was reading more as a night gown than I fun summer dress.
She's wears them - that says volumes in my world
I love the way these leggings feel, great Lulu dupe but they run a little big. I am 5' 4" ordered an XS and the 'ankle length' hits far lower then expected
Nice quality fabric, generous size, and certainly colorful, but just a bit too much for my taste. They washed and ironed out nicely.
Very comfortable and fits well.
I like it alot, but it's super tight!
Worked for my backless dresses but was too small, not true to size. Rinsed one off and it will not stick anymore.
Very cute suit. The torso (large size) barely fit my 5-6 frame, but I was still able to wear.
Good looking collar! It will add some extra class to my leather jacket!
Usually a medium/large. Got the large for a loose fit. The fit was what i was hoping for. But im returning because the white is see through. Im sure other dark colors will be okay.
These tights are nicely opaque and definitely keep you warm, but they do run a little big. I'm 5'3", 120lbs, and they fit well on my legs but were so long the waistline came up to my chest. I'm afraid the next size down would've been too small. They also start to roll down about halfway through the day. They're not my go-to tights, but they're good for those really chilly days.
Nice set. I'm 5'5 and the ankles ride a little high when I sit down but other than that they are great. Bought size small.
They looked very nice but they were not a large they were a small. Now I half to return to ups store
It was really tight in the chest area in spite of buying a bigger size. I made it work by wearing a cami underneath and leaving it unbuttoned. Otherwise I LOVE this shirt. The colors are vibrant and the shirt is soft. It's a thinner flannel but did not feel cheap. I plan to buy another.
The overall size fits the style I prefer. Some hats of this style have a larger external size than expected.
This costume was great! And the only reason I didn't give it a full 5 is because the face was kinda smooshed and we never could get it right.
This dress is adorable!!!! One star deducted as the slit on the sides is high and I'll have to wear something underneath it. I'm 5'5' 160 pounds and I got the large. It fit perfect
Nice quality for the price. Fits great
Wish they were American made, I'd pay more for them if it meant giving a job to someone that worked here.
SO CUTE! Love this hat. Such great value for money. I'll be wearing all winter long. It runs a little large but otherwise it's a well made felt hat.
They are exactly what I expected, socks to wear with shoes so you can't see them.
Once it got wet in the water it was wayyy too loose and saggy I should of gotten a size down
Really like this romper! Super cute and comfy to wear in warm or cold weather with a jean jacket! The only con I have to say is that the material was a little itchy even after washing it, but it's definitely a great purchase!
This is a great hat for better sun coverage. We used it with my son at the beach. The only thing that bummed me out is that it had a serious crease in it from the way it was shipped.
Great hat, but doesn't fit snug around my head like other dad hats do. So in love with it though!
Beautiful dress in a very lightweight fabric (not see through). I felt the arm holes were a tad large but nothing that affected the overall wearability of the dress. I ended up returning it because the occasion we bought the dress for got cancelled and it would not have fit my daughter by next season. However, I would re-buy it if the need arises.
they were just what i was looking for
I was skeptical about buying pants online. But I'm glad I did, these pants feel and look amazing. They length is perfect, I don't have to hem them at all. Though they are a little loose around the bum and waist but nothing some squats and a belt wont fix.
Very pretty color, ordered the red (rose). Ordered my normal size and it fits, but it's tight fitting rather than what I was thinking it would be. My fault, but be aware.
I purchased the hats for my annual girlfriend Christmas fellowship. my biggest worry was if the hats would fit everyone and they did. Would have liked them to be a little plusher but other than that they were great!
Nice jacket and i think my son likes it. The zipper gets a bit tough to zip up at times and he has lost the removable hood. Other than that nice jacket. I wonder if there is a way to get a replacement hood.
I'm a curvy woman and my hubby loved it. It fits pretty well but as expected it squeezes in some areas
These are pretty nice for what I'm going to use them for. Good quality material.
Got these for my husband as a gift the length is good right to the knee he is 6'1 they are true to size the relaxed style are a little looser and that is a tad bit than others so my give in time so we kept them since the length is so hard to find these days.
I thought they would be thick and warm for winter. They are super soft though and fit good. Just not what I was looking for. Now I have to buy some thick, warm winter socks. They are amazingly soft, if that's what you are looking for
Not as comfy as my Stafford shirts but these will do
Very comfortable but size is inconsistent with different colors. The black medium is shorter than the gray medium
Love this dress, but definitely would buy a size up since it does run small. Got tons of compliments!
I needed a pair of nice high waisted, tummy control leggings. I got these in a large because I usually have difficulty in the rear-end area of my body. As it is, the large is too big. To compare, I usually wear a 9/10 in pants.
This dress is very nice. It is soft and has a comfortable fit. Two things I wish I had known before purchase. The dress bled onto my cloths during washing; I did not expect this because it is a light color. I now have light blue socks and a light blue t-shirt. The elastic in the top of the dress turns and gets twisted; easy to resolve. That being said I would still purchase the dress.
I ordered 3 of the same item, and at first only one came in, but still said contains 3. The seller was helpful and immediately sent the other 2 after giving me the option for a refund, and I received them within 3 days of the mistake.
These shorts seem to be really good quality, and my husband says they are really comfortable. That said, we ordered his normal size and it was just a bit too tight. I ended up ordering more in the next size up, and they are perfect. So I'd recommend sizing up.
Nice slim good for traveling maybe wouldn't recommend for shoveling like heavy snow
I wear a medium and that's what I ordered, it fits great. The color (wine) is as shown, a bit thinner than expected but perfect for summer.
this are very nice sweat pants
These socks are tight and I have small feet.
Size up at least one size. Other than that, decent quality and really nice soft material. No issues after putting them in the wash but I hung them dry so that might make a difference with some of the reviews on here
Shrinks a bit when washed but nothing drastic.
Overall good quality and fits well.
Good product at a good price
I was joking around with my husband, a Clemson Tigers fan, about these..so guess what I got for Valentine's Day! But they are very comfortable. They look like they would have a furry texture, but they don't. And they make my already small frame, look smaller!
The fit was a tiny bit snug but doable the quality was outstanding I was concerned about that seeing that all the items were made in China but was pleasantly surprised
The lights are bright and it works well.
I use this everyday but find it to be a little too thick in my back pocket.
this was a perfect Christmas sweater for the occasion!!!
I ordered almost all the colors of this pant. It fits great and is so comfortable for work. I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because in the dark colors there were some marks from the original ironing . Am hoping they disappear with the washing . If not ; well..
I like it because it is longer in the back to cover my neck as well for the face.
I liked the product, however I was disappointed in the fact that I only received 2 different prints in the assorted pack, I expected to have a 'variety'.
This shirt is longer than I expected. I am 4'11 so this shirt is literally a dress on me. But I love the color and the material is light, stretchy, and warm. So not a terrible thing that it's long I will just wear it as a dress.
This was really cute, and I say was because my dog ate it. I bought it for Him for Halloween along with a hat. It was kind of thin and he tore it. Then he just ripped it off and started chewing it...oh well, i got a few pictures before he destroyed it LOL
I loved these so much that I bought a second pair! I wore them at night because I would get really bad shin splints during track season and they seemed to alleviate the pain to some extent. I wouldn't wear them running though because it is a very thick material and it can get hot. The feet part does seem to run a little big, but since I only wear them during the night I just leave them big above my toes.
Belt was lovely and gave my outfit a pop; however, I am giving review 4 stars because after the second wear hoop to hold excess came out.
The robe was bought as a Christmas present for my husband. He loves how warm and soft it feels. He also loves the hood.
A lot of reviewers have said that these run small but that isn't the case. My wife purchased the large and extra-large (just-in-case) but in reality the mediums fit just fine. Luckily she has family members who can use the other sizes. She reports these are super comfy and keeps skirts and dresses from sticking in the wrong places. Going to order more in medium. Thanks
Really pretty, but order a couple sizes up, especially if you have some big boobs.
Good for the price. Looks well done and sleek. I'm 6'0 and 185lbs. It fits perfect. This is a slim fit jacket, it's supposed to be tight in certain places.
Cute, flowy dress! And it has pockets! It's comfortable and the color is pretty. I accidentally dried it even though the tag says hang to dry. I re-washed it and fingers crossed it'll be ok. If not, I'll order a new one!
This was a gift for my girlfriend who is a true Potter fan and she absolutely loved it! I ordered the socks as well just to add a little flair. She loved how comfortable it is, a perfect cuddle hoodie. The hoodie doesn't stretch too far so make sure you order the right size.
Nice color but the size was a little larger than expected
I ordered a small and the bottoms fit great, but the top was too big. For the price, quality was good. Customer service was very helpful!
I'm this is my second time purchasing this same dress just in a different color. Really love it however this one came in with a slight smell to it. Almost chemical/nicotine smell. Not happy with that at all. I know I will wash it prior to wearing it but it was really bad. This dress should wash just as well a the other one I purchased.
Good looking shirt Looks like a Cali throwback to the 70's. 3 or 4 washes so far and no issues with fading or the decal coming off. It does run just a little small size wise so I suggest ordering up one size
It's a great material a really fun design. Very flattering. I wish it was adjustable on the top, being smaller it's a little loose.
It didn't fit my son perfectly in the waist, but I think he should've gotten a 4 instead of the 5 I ordered. I wish there would have been a warning that they run a little big. But. Oh well, I can keep them and use for next year!
The photo doesn't do this item Justice very cool mask
The picture makes it look tighter than it is. I felt it was a bit to wide, so I used it for a swim suit cover up on my beach trip. That way I could go from beach to restaurant easily.
Love it but just a little big I should of got the small but I am going to order another one in different color and a smaller size?
I think this onesie got a lot of flack on the sizing + quality, but I am pleased to say that mine fit as expected + was decent quality. It tore in the arm sleeve at the seam, which is probably just a bad sewing job; however, I wouldn't say that it's terrible by any means. It made for really cute photo opps at our Christmas Party, and I would recommend it to others. PS --- I am 5'3" + 135lbs, and I purchased a medium.
The way it snaps is very nice.
I really like these pants! Greatly surprised & agree w/ others about the comparison w/ other high priced brands. These do the trick! Very pleased & Happy! Going to spread the word!
Ordered size small. It's a little long but mostly fits TTS. White color is pretty see through but can be fixed by wearing a light layer under. Shirt is a very thin material but comfortable. Otherwise no complaints.
Pretty but ran large. I wear it as a duster. Get lots of compliments.
These underwear fit but they cinch in slightly on the waist, which I do not like, giving the appearance of an extra little “roll”. I only use them when I sleep now. Other than that they're very comfortable and decent quality. If you have a smaller waist and larger bottom then they will be perfect.
the only other thing expected honestly was that it would be casual dress..... but due to the sleeves, or cuffs only thing is that it did, was it turned out to be more so casual. Fine with me still/
A little thin but I like them
It came in a box, and it is 5 pairs of Ties. It is good quality, and I really like the colors that I chose..! 2 pinks, 1 blue, 1 beige, 1 yellow. It all has different patterns, and it has enough length to be tied to my neck size. Pretty bright colors for my skin color. I specially like the yellow, and it's pattern. Really nice. Fits well on white shirts.
Never used any of this before but it is great for my outfit.
Turns out I wear this hat quite a bit since I got it. It's versitile, durable, packable, and wearable. I spend a lot of time on the road, and this hat fits my needs quite well. It's a little on the large size, but not to the point where it blows off in a stiff wind. I recommend it.
Soft and cozy, good quality and pretty comparable to Halo sleepsack, although the zipper is a bit stiff and stubborn. The first time I used it I thought the zipper might be broken, but somehow managed to zip it, and it's loosened up some with use. I like the designs, and this is holding up well over multiple washings, so I am satisfied with the quality. Baby seems to like it-- it's medium/thick cotton fabric, so it's warm but breathable and doesn't get sweaty overnight like the fleece ones can. It fits pretty true to size, and is cut wide enough that baby can move freely.
Beautiful form fitting dress though it still hides my small post baby bump. I did need to have it altered to my height, it needed the zipper moved up to hide the back of my bra and keep the sleeves on my shoulders. Other than that..... perfect.
Very comfortable but I gave it only four stars because the color will bleed on to your sheets even after you have washed it.
They feel to the sun will just hard to see your watch is another things through them
I love to pack with these. The zippers are nice and sturdy and the bags are light enough that they don't add much weight to my luggage. This is my second set and I would not want to pack without them.
Will do for the boudoir shoot I have planned but I'm not 100% happy with how the bottoms feel a bit tight at the top. I'm sort of oddly shaped anyway, so that could be the issue. Since boudoir will be posed I can make it work.
True to size and perfect for my Halloween party at work
The only thing I didn't like about this bow tie is that the bow itself is not secured, so my 2 year old was able to pull the bow out. Thankfully it went back together easy!
Fantastic dress! (I'm the wife writing this review) I've worn it a couple times and get complements from many people. It looks great with my fair skin.
It's a little too big but still does the trick
nice quality. a little tighter than I expected. if order a size or 2 up if I order another pair. nice button and stitching in seams. pockets were a little small for my liking.
I gave these as a gift and the person loved them. She really loved the color and softness! She said it looks more nice on his feet! It also keeps her warm.
They are water resistant only thing that it started to pull apart on the side.
Love the outfit, the stockings are a little tight but overall cute and stay on
I love this swimsuit, but if you want to wear it strapless, there are little strap loops that stick out funny and throw off the look.
The waistband, color, and fit are really comfortable and as expected. My only complaint is the fact that after a few wears, there is some slight piling beginning between the upper thigh area.
Very attractive hat, well made, with good sun coverage. Re: sizing, it's slightly too big for my head (I'm 5'2" female, average build), so it sits very low over my eyes and I have to keep pulling it back. However, overall, it's the nicest hat in my "sun protection" collection. (And I've found it's very hard to find perfect hat sizing.)
Repair of broken handle for a Travel Pro suitcase. Fit well. No problems. Did not have to drill new holes in the case to accept new handle brackets.
Nice shirt for Eagles fan! Does run a bit small.
Nothing special just good quality
I am so happy over this purchase. It fit perfect, right length, stretch was good, super light! And the colors are even prettier in person.
Nice stretch! Good support!
Cute pattern on fabric. Upper sleeves a little small. I do not like the neck trim, very cheap looking. I fixed it myself by turning it under. Not something I want to do on future purchases!
I love these. I literally wear one every day, and always get comments on how cute they are. I am a mom of 3 little ones, and don't have much time for my hair. I throw it up in a messy bun and put one of these on and I look put together. My only complaint is that the actual metal (or whatever material is used inside the fabric) is not the same in all the headbands. Most of them are a thin metal that is very flexible and doesn't hurt my head, but one of them is thick and too tight.
a bit less fitted than the picture, but I like it well enough to keep it. The waist is quite high, but not high enough to be an empire. It's very simple and comfortable. I'm packing several knit dresses to take to Europe, and this will be one of them.
It looks just like the photo and is great material but the medium was too big for me. I typically wear a large in bottoms and medium in tops. I wear anywhere from a size 6-10 depending on the brand. The top was really big (I wear a 36C) and if i got in the water the bottoms would be saggy. I've sent it back and I've ordered a small. We will see how it fits.
First I should say that I am 5'6, 33 weeks pregnant weighing 245 lbs. This does fit me it is just really snug. I have football player shoulders so I had to strech it out a bit which made it VERY sheer so I do suggest nipple pads.
I am definitely a sweater kind of girl and always like an extra layer of clothing to hide the flaws. This vest is the perfect length and cool for summer.
Very cute but you should order a size up. It's very skin tight. Very sexy. But I would wear it out more if it wasn't as skin tight as it is.
Material is comfy. I'm big chested so that area is a bit snug, but still comfy.
Sheen and slightly transparent material. Sleeves are tight to the shoulders.
They are great. Just a little big. Next time I will order 1 size smaller.
This is really cute, I was worried the yellow was going to be neon but it's a nice mustard color! Wish it was a little longer because I'm tall but that's really the only complaint. Order one size up for a baggy fit. Sad they don't have many options left in my size but I might still buy a different color and go a size down!
This dress is so comfortable! I originally bought it in white, and I loved it so much, I decided to order the navy one as well. Both dresses fit the same, but the navy one faded quite a lot the first time I washed it. Although it's disappointing that it faded, it's still a new fave for the comfort factor. It hits just below my knees, AND it has pockets. It seems very well made, and it also came packaged very nicely in its own zippered bag. I would definitely recommend this dress!
Much better than the previous pleather belt purchased
Thank you having these - made buying up a size for student away at school easy.
Perfect for causal work pants.
Good quality as usual and as pictured. If you have thick thighs and butt they will fit close not loose. Gonna have to give them away.
Trendy socks without the trendy price. Good go to socks for work or almost anyway. I wish they were a bit thicker but so far (a few months) they are holding up just fine. Better than expected but won't "knock your socks off"
I'm 5' & 138lbs. My waist is 31” I bought the M, because I didn't want to get the large & be out of it in a week & have to purchase another! Plus the Large was a tad longer, & I'm short! Lol! It was a freaking workout to get it in & I currently can't breathe! Lol! But I did it!! I'd suggest going by the chart, a large would have been a better fit for me & a lot more comfortable!! Even tho it is very tight at the moment I'm surprised with how comfortable it really does feel! Hopefully in a few days it'll loosen up some!!—-oh the things women put them selfs thru to feel beautiful! Lol! Over all I'm please with the quality as well! I've never owned one like this, but I do like it so far!
This dress fits well, have to size down tho.
Work great, I would buy a size larger.
Inexpensive. Holds what I need
Not as thick/durable as it looks in the picture but still a good product. 4 stars!
The adjustment buckle kept loosening during the day, two safety pins stopped it.
I am usually a Medium so decided to order a Large. Even the Large is a bit snug, but I love this suit and it's really flattering on me.
I really love the style! It's absolutely adorable and looks as pictured! However, when sitting, it is a little uncomfortable since the cut-outs feel like they were cut a little jagged-like, making my legs a little itchy. It is not unbearable, just a minor inconvenience. Other than that, I love this dress!
I like the wallet and the fact it had rfid.
They work well. I just wish they were a little longer
I love the fit I would buy again.
Nice t-shirt. Can wear with anything.
Pros- The color and style is very nice. We will see tomorrow how it fits. At first glance, I suspect that it will be quite comfortable to wear! Cons- The bigger con was there was no necktie included, just a bowtie, which was not what we were planning to use. This was supposed to be a five piece suit, and only four pieces were included. This makes this item appear to be secondhand. Very disappointed that not all components advertised were included. The lesser con is that the outfit also arrived very wrinkled, also giving it a secondhand look. I would recommend different packaging in the future.
Daughter used for an Anime cosplay. Worked well, looked good, held style well.
I'm disappointed that the material is see through on the top. I bought the dark green in a large. Not sure what to wear under it so my chest isn't visible. UPDATE: I decided to begin a return and the company emailed me offering a full refund with a promise they'd work on improving the product. Pleased with their resolution and customer service.
awesome hat, 4 stars for being smashed in the box.
I love how soft it is. The color is as expected. The style is really cute and perfect for those looking for a slightly over-sized cardigan. I generally order a medium in things to get a more comfy fit, which I did in this case. If doing again, I'd order a small. Only minus for me is that the buttons are barely sewed on and pop off immediately. They can be sewed back on, but I'd prefer not have the hassle.
Nipple opening is too high and cup size is larger than a DD.
I ordered in multiple colors and the white one seemed to fit smaller than the green. Love the green, not a fan of th white.
A bit wide through the shoulders, but I was able to alter it a bit.
Rcvd as Christmas gift..overall very nice but credit card slots are tight..should loosen up with use I suppose.
Torso was too long for me unfortunately. I only got to try on. Fit was great other than that - runs a bit small which is to be expected. Wish I could use it. (Seller had nothing to do with my inability to use I didn't do my research before ordering)
I'm 5.5 months pregnant, about 190 lbs and usually wear a L in maternity clothing but I got this in the XXL and it's a snug fit so I'm glad I went up a couple sizes, but then it came out way too long lol I'm 5ft 4in and it's sitting on the ground about 4 inches I would say, so definitely going to hem it lol Also didn't realize when I ordered it that it has a slit on the side, I'm glad it does because with the slimmer fit it would be hard to walk without a slit lol
I love the quality of the textured side. It looks like an expensive belt. However I'm not very impressed with the actual material. It could've been a crafted a little thicker. I feel like the life will be limited due to that. I wear a size 40-42 in men's and am able to wear this belt at about the 3rd to last hole.
Overall I like this wallet. It is the second one I have had. The first one my son bought me for Christmas and I have been carrying it for years. The only reason I bought a new one was because the zipper broke on the change pocket. I find that once I get all of my cards, a few pictures, cash, and medical cards there isn't enough room for the checkbook. It would not snap.
Was looking for cotton socks to cushion my senior feet inside my walking shoes. These socks are soft, the right thickness, so comfortable padding my feet while walking.
Definitely runs small, I normally wear small, I ordered medium and it fits perfectly. Good quality, medium support.
Got the butterfly dress in grey and pink. My daughter loves both. Took off 1 star because the pink dress is pretty thin and you can see through it. Grey one is thicker and you can't see through. Overall very happy with them.
The material feels a little cheap and the color looks better in the picture. Nice style.
It's easy to rip the seams, so get a size up and be careful when you move around and sitting ect. I think the back of mine got a hole because whenever I go to the bathroom no one is around to zip it back up for me at my work place, they're all with clients.
Giving 4 stars because the pants don't come pass my ankles. Other than that perfect fit for me and exactly as described
It is pretty high across the back but still very sexy, fits and wears great.
a very comfortable lift!
Love the minimalist design, perfect for the few cards I carry (4). Really thoughtful of them to include extra screws. My only gripe is one of the screw broke off while I was tightening it. So now the thread of the screw is forever stuck in the wallet and I will never be able to take it apart again. Other than that I would have given 5
I ordered these in medium but the inseam was only 27 inches and I need at least a 32. They were nice quality but I had to return due to the length.
These are nice pants for the price. Decent quality fabric and can be worn without ironing but I'm picky so I iron them but it only requires a light touch up.
Very nice casual and comfortable dress
great product for the price.
Good quality and fit. No issues
Definately wash before wearing. Smells repulsive out of package but so much better after washing.
I bought it too big on purpose. I'm 5'8 & very curvy. After having it altered, it fit great. Not bad for the price.
SUPER cute floral pattern. Can be worn as a long top with leggings.
A very good and inexpensive card wallet. I was unable to find exactly what I was looking for, and this was a suitable replacement. The only thing missing is a place for photos, but I can always put those on my phone!
It was pretty compact and slim as expected.
I've been eyeing this dress up for a few months and finally worked up the courage to buy it! I do recommend buying one size larger, because it is a little short otherwise. I'm 5'10” and weigh 150. I'm a size 8-10, most of my weight on my bottom. The size chart recommends a Medium for me, but after reading the reviews I decided to go for a large & am happy I did so! The dress is long enough that it does cover my booty and goes down a little further, just don't plan on dancing or bending over in this dress. It's a good summer vacation type dress! The material does wrinkle, but you can iron it. I would advise against putting this dress in the tumble dryer!
My husband likes two pocket shirts, at least 50% POLYESTER/COTTON AND SNAPS. he had all that in the shirt we received.
I did not expect the zipper at the back as I have long hair but surprisingly it wasn't much of a problem to put on. More breathable than expected.
I like the item. I ordered it a size too big. Size chart was off and confusing. So I had to take a guest when picking a size. Thin material but nice.
Elegant and simplistic dress. Runs larger than expected. Great price. Would definitely try brand again.
Bought for grandson. He really liked the way they fit. And he appreciated the pocket with zipper.
This product was promised to show off my sleek lines and make me more noble at night. So far, hubby hasn't noticed any lines and and still falls asleep after watching five episodes of Parks and Recreation. I give it 4 stars because honestly...I like uninterrupted sleep. Nobility is overrated.
Loved I was able to fasten my bra without hurting my shoulders
I did not like these leggings I ordered 3 pair they are thin as paper, poor quality and I won't be Ordering this ever again.
Love this dress/blouse it is very comfortable. The only thing I would like is for the fabric to not wrinkle as much so easily. However very soft and comfortable.
very nice underwear some a little small but they are ok
Yes Work Good quality
they're cute in shoes but when putting them on they stretch so they can feel loose
This is my second one from Oh La La Cheri because it fits perfectly, is actually open crotch in the right spot, is comfortable and made well enough to last a while. My fiancé loves it.
Very nice and stretchy. The fabric is not see through. I do wish the peplum was the same material as the top part of the shirt, but I think it's still cute. Also comfortable.
It's a lighter weight than I expected, but it's very cute. I'm 5'4" and 130lbs, and a large fits perfectly. It's not big and frumpy at that size. Beware that the front is probably too short to wear with leggings (and still look attractive).
Good zip sweaters are hard to find. I like the fit and feel of this one but unfortunately the interior is the pilly white sweatshirt material (otherwise I could wear it to the office). Still good for weekends and evenings!
I got them for my 7 year old grandson to wear in a play. I did hem them. The pants are wrinkle resistant & looked nice.
Fit this type of bra very nicely and does not come off when put in the washer.
Beautiful shirt! Pretty colors and I like it a lot. My only dislike is that it's not as long as I'd like and the bust is a tad snug but not too bad.
I loved the top. It fit nice, and can be worn many different ways. But I needed a white top for an event, and the one that was sent was cream so I ended up sending it back. Will probably buy in black or another color.
Love the dress, very stretchy though. I got the 4/6 Print 1 and the actual dress tag on the inside of the dress says medium. Kinda swaying between needing this or the small, which must be the 0/2 size.
Nice quality. Runs a tiny bit small.
They rolled down a lot. Varying leg shapes and fitness didn't help it.
It's for a Xmas gift for my daughter but they look really nice.
For sleeves to cover bra straps
Very cute T shirt but run small , I normally wear large but since others review said size up so I ordered XL still little too fit for my liking . Two size up if you like loose fit like me !
It is comfortable...
Love the look of this costume. My daughter loves it - good for twirling! :) Only complain is cheapness of accessories - the gems on the wand fell off after 5 minutes of trying it on. Hopefully we can glue them back on.
This dress is absolutely adorable and fits my granddaughter perfectly for a wedding she'll be in. It's a bit more yellow than the picture shows. We were hoping for it to be exactly as the shade shown.
I would have given this product 4 stars but mine has a hole in it along the side seem. I already washed it before discovering the hole. So I will give deal with it. I'm 5'2 and 135 pounds. I ordered a M. I have plenty of room. I could probably fit a small but I like my tops a little loose to hide the mom belly.
very comfy and fit right...as advertised..
Love the tie quality. Pocket Square is a decent size. My son was disappointed in the cuff links because they did not have dinosaurs.
Not quite what I normally buy with regard to socks, but comfortable fir and cushy.
They are thin but the stay up
Runs a little smaller than expected and advertised but beautiful dress. Is knit but you can see through it
At first impression I thought I might want to return it for one made of softer material....it seemed stiff and scratchy and uncomfortable. But I decided to give it a try, and it gets more comfortable after each wash! Very breathable, which is nice cause I always feel too warm. I like the length of it, comfortable and modest without feeling frumpy. It's my favorite thing to wear around the house now.
Super cute shirt, a little longer then I expected. I am 5'3” 155lbs and ordered a large.
Nice material! This looks and fit a lot better than I expected...really nice skirt.
Great hat for the price, picture depicts product accurately. Only 4 stars because they should have taken more care when shipping, the brim was bent a bit.
This tunic is just the right length to wear over yoga pants for a cute, casual look.
Good fit, nice and short. No pockets but my butt looks great! Wouldn't wear anywhere that I didn't want people to see my genitals, though. Those appear prominently, regardless of how they are positioned.
It's nice and comfy and fits well. I just wish it was a little longer. But in spite of wishing for more length I am likely to order another one.
After reading reviews I have hung this shirt to dry to protect the decal. Bought an XL to play it safe as I usually sit between a L and an XL, and the shirt was loose but not uncomfortably so. Love the front, but I wish the list on the back wasn't there. It's cheesy soni deducted a star.
The dress is really pretty and seems to be good quality. However once I got the zipper to my bust area it wouldn't zip without force. Ordered the bigger size, not sure how it fits yet!
I really like the hat! It's a little big on me but easy to position to look good! For this reason I am able to keep and enjoy it! Very well made!
Good fit and nice quality. I was very happy with my purchase. But be prepared to add a belt as it looks incomplete without one.
I love it overall, but i will say that it just barely covers the bottom of my ears. I'd like to think I have fairly normal sized ears, so that is my only qualm.
I'm always a bit hesitant to purchase clothing online through Amazon. However, this top is just what I expected. A little on the thin side, but fits great - not too tight, not too loose. Good value!
Im 5 ft and 95 pounds and this thing was tiny tiny tiny barley covered my nipple but i still wore it for the event i went too
I use these for a 5 ib chihuahua and they fit perfectly.
The workmanship is careful. The hat is very thick and warm. It's important that the depth is enough, so my father can cover his ears, and it's warm.
Fit as expected. I wear a size 8 and ordered a medium! Perfect fit. I really like theses pants. They are not to long for my 5"5 short legs!
As good as advertised.
Runs really small. Couldn't even put items on. Great product, good value but runs small. Buy 2 sizes larger than what you normally wear!
I wish there was a size chart.. I have scrolled through it many times and I couldn't find one.
this is a really pretty shirt, but it fits a little off. runs small. I'm hoping to lose a little weight so that I can wear it.
I like the dress was surprised that the front was see through, But I got a black bodysuit and it worked well and I got lots of compliments.
It's really cute, it's just smaller than a Large should be.
I didn't realize initially what was different and then it occurred to me that only one of the 3 has a padded insert - so I have to take them out and switch to the other two when I wear them - unless of course you want to wear without padding. I wouldn't recommend for ACTIVE use or work outs that actually require support, best for smaller chested gals or wearing around the house or yoga (which was why I purchased them so I am happy).
I bought this to replace a different RFID wallet I had that was smaller and busting at the seams because of how much I had crammed into it. I really like the size of this and how many card slots there are and the two zippered pockets. The double snap closures are awesome too. The only thing I don't care for is when you open it, all of your cards are visible as you take one out and you must hold it vertical versus horizontal. Other than that, it's a great value and looks amazing.
This bag/backpack is so cute! I love all the pockets and functionality. However, the lining seems very thin. I am saving this bag for my vacation and will let you know how it works out.
My son is 6 feet and weighs approx. 165 lbs. The large fit him much better than the M. He wont really zip it up, and this is great for that.
This jacket is great! I got a lot of compliments on it. I bought it because it looked like I could wear it somewhere nice while also looking a little like a carhart jacket for work. Overall I am very pleased!
It's a bit big especially the length as most have said. That's why I knock off a star. However, it has a strap on each side at the waist so you can make the costume fit according to your child's size and so since it has that feature we can use it. It is very cute and we will just have to get the pants hemmed and the sleeves.
Fits as expected, but the quality is not as soft as I expected. Linen like feel.
It is a wonderful outfit. Love the design and material. Only thing is the bottom tie is too big and the top tie us a little too small. Other than that it's great
Good set of shirts. Fit me somewhat small. I'm 5,9 155lb and there a little tight out of the washer. I'm a mechanic and choose to wear these for there comfortable fit and have lasted me about 6 months now and starting to show some ware. Other than that, dam good shirts
Quick delivery and a little larger than what we were expecting!
I love the beanies themself however they are a little small for both my daughter and niece.
Bought these for my 5 year old daughter to wear over the summer. Pretty colors and she says they are comfortable.
I do like it. I'm chubby as heck. But it's works well. I have a big bust too.
Like that it is not bulky and that i could easily put it in my pocket and go
I mean I like the material, the airflow when chilling around the house, and fit. They are comfortable. My girl like them. That's enough for me.
Love the fit. A couple miss stitches on the front which results in long string or I would have given it a 5.
I liked the material and the look, but way to big. I usually wear a medium and this medium was more like a large. I am going to exchange it for a small.
Wish the colors were brighter - but matches description
Great for the price the bottoms just run much larger then the top
Fit as expected. Have had this bra before and love them
Looks great-feel fine
Very good quality and warm. Fits to size and looks fashionable.
Fabric and quality seems good, just doesn't fit quite like I hoped.
This is cute swimsuit with butt coverage. It's a bit smaller on the boobs though... I'm 5'1" and 175 with a 40D and there's a bit of side boob involved, thus the 4-star review.
This bathing suit top is pretty flattering. I would add that if you've had a child or have less perkier breasts than when you were younger, then you'll probably find the cups to be a bit roomier than you like. I got a size 12, I'm a size 13 pants in Juniors, and a 38D. The material is fit around my torso with the cups being a little bit more roomier than I'd like.
I ordered a single white bandeau and loved it! It arrived quickly and fit just as I expected. I then ordered a 4-pack but they took WAY longer to arrive (came from China.) They were flimsy and only 4" tall compared to the previous one which was 6" tall. The fabric wasn't the same and they seemed cheaply made. The seller finally refunded my $$, although not the shipping charge. I then ordered a single one again and it was exactly like the first one...made well and arrived quickly. So even though they were from the same listing, they shipped from different locations and were made differently. I would suggest you see which seller will be shipping them to see which ones you're getting. Regarding support for "bigger boobs", there really isn't any support. I just wear them over my regular bra so I don't have to wear a full length cami in the hot summer months. Works great!
Nice shirt, fit and style as expected
I love most PattyBoutik sweaters. This is good and thick but it loses it's shape quickly and it's not so flattering in the hip area because of the thick white stripe at the bottom. It's good quality, though, and I wear it a lot.
This dress is beautiful and feels better in quality than I expected a 30$ dress to feel like. Though it is very long on me, even with heels I still had to get it hemmed. I'm 5'4 135lbs 36D and I bought a small and it fit nicely. I originally purchased a medium and it was too large
Pretty good high impact sports bra. A bit too much jiggling for 5 stars, but still worth the money.
Love it but the only thing is it's not really made for bigger boobs. I'm a C and got a Large and it's almost too much cleavage. But I'm going to keep it and give it a few stitches to try to pull the top together to cover a little more because it is really cute and otherwise flattering!
This is a fleece jacket.
Just a very good, reasonably priced Dri Shirt. I have 3 of these ..... happy customer
Colors really nice. Lettering good.
I was hoping for lightweight, and it is... But I found the sleeves are a bit ill fitting. I wonder if it's the design, or just maybe the alignment of the fabric. I would buy another though, and have been looking at the dark wine colored one. Sometimes it's just the way sleeves are sewn into the article... The fabric is awesome.
Socks fit and feel great and fast delivery. Will buy from them again.
Its okay for the price.
This bathing suit looks cute but the top was super small for me but the bottom fit fine. Even if I went up in size it wouldn't fit my bust. I had to return this bathing suit
Very pretty. Runs small, so order a size or two larger than normal.
Slightly lesser quality, not squat proof.
Dress was perfect! But order a larger size. I wish paperwork would be accompanied shipped item
For well in the waist. Very long legs on my 6' y'all husband. They hit mid calf. Probably good for those 6'3” and taller.
Really Love them, just a bit bigger and it would have been perfect.
it does fit rather snug but makes your butt look great and thats what counts isn't it?
I purchased this dress in a Xtra large; it's a little roomy in the chest area but in the hips, behind and thighs perfect. When I wear it I'll submit a pic. I will e purchasing more dresses from this company in the future.
Had to return. was too large on me. But would have looked good if it fit.
4 stars only because the toe of the fishnet pair didn't cover my toes completely if I moved them and my pinky toe would stick out which isn't very comfortable. Otherwise they fit great, I'm a 9-9.5 10 inch foot, the top comes up a couple inches over my ankle. I'll be buying more, I just wish there were more colors
It was a gift for my husband. He likes the color and it's very nice. Magnet isn't very strong but it holds about 10-12 bills
The dress is beautiful, but it is somewhat small. I ordered size large thinking that it would be a little loose, but there is no room. I did not want to return it because I am planning to loose some weight.
LOVE the top!!!!! Supportive and flattering. The bottoms are small, and I'm bigger up top??! But I'd order again just for the top!!!
I adore this swimsuit - the bottoms are super unique and the top is super fun! My only complaint would be that the top seems larger than the bottoms; I got a large (I'm about 5'8'' and 150 pounds, C cup and curvy bottom) and the bottoms were perfect but I felt the top was a bit too wide. Because it's too wide, I have to wear the straps and can't just wear across shoulder or it slips off. Otherwise, it's goegeous and looks just like it should!
Heavier weight leggings, will be good for fall and winter. The red is a deeper color. I ordered a medium, 5'5", 133 lbs. Still the top will fold over. But very nice leggings. Would order again.
I like that it doesn't roll I have a huge curve in my lower back that makes me hate waist trainers but with this it's no worrys in a month I've went down 3 sizes I wear it to work and even to bed sometimes and I look great in what ever i wear and people dont even notice i have it on so thanks I'll be ordering my next size down this week !
I love the materials and the color is so vibrant. The only problem was their sizing is too small, need to return the one I ordered and reorder a one-size extra. Hoping that the material is still the same as the one delivered.
The dress is cute. It's see through, unexpectedly. Very comfortable.
I was initially afraid to purchase so close to when I needed for fear that it would not fit, but surprisingly, it fit well. I don't really have any complaints. Good for price paid.
I'm a size 16 pants and I purchased the XXL in black, and the waist is a bit loose. These are like running nylons, very thin, but very comfortable. I love the side pockets, the high waist and I love the length; hits me just below the knee. I will buy again, only in a dark color because I think anything lighter will be completely see through, I will try an XL next purchase.
A bit disappointing as it's shorter than I was expecting & the liner is very narrow but I'm just going to open up the seam so she can walk !
Fits true to size, You can wear a real bra underneath, I love the verticle stripes. The only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars: The skirt does not have a seam sewed on the bottom edge. You will want to add one to keep fabric from fraying
i bought this jogger pant for daily jogging/running.the quality is good,its light weight.and the cloth is not that thick.i bought L it fit perfectly.the materail is good and absorbing the sweat while running.i like this.
I wish it were a bit thicker in the materials. But other than that, I love it!❤️
Fits great will purchase again
looks nice but was somewhat shorter than expected
Tried the dress on and I'm loving it already, ordered a XL wine red and it fits perfect however I'm a little disappointed because the colour is paler than what I saw online, it's really not a wine red.
It fit just as I expected, I'm loving it!!! It looks good with my black cocktail dress.
I love my sheer tight socks! I am able to wear them under boots as shown. I usually have issues with wearing thicker socks under boots as my calves are a bit larger. They also matched my skin color very well! I suggest the seller to make a little bit thicker of material.
Cute shirt and pretty good material but the first button loop broke immediately when trying on and buttoning. I ordered off the size chart and the shirt was too big but I'm afraid if I went down in size it would not be long enough to cover the top of my pants. I'm 5'7” and it came just to my zipper on my pants. Pink was super cute though and overall like the style of the shirt if it would have fit better.
Very nice fit even being a little on the heavy side. I went a size up and while I'll have to be sure to preventing any shrinking, it feels really nice. I like the pockets and how it has a kind of bomber jacket feel with the open side zipper. The only reason I took off one point is the colors are not true to the picture. It said 'navy' and the shirt that came was truly navy, so I can't say I didn't have a hunch, but the picture was of a beautiful teal blue, and there were no other colors listed to suggest it was mislabeled. I still would have bought it but maybe gone for a different color.
The lining around the neck flips out after washing. It needs to be ironed.
The bill is a little abnormally long in my opinion, but I love it
Like a lot of people said, it is large, even by American sizing standards, but that is not always a bad thing. I have a wool suit coat and I could get this coat over it to layer up on a very cold day. My only complaint (and it cost a star) is, as a few people mentioned, that it has a very strong formaldehyde smell when you open up the package. I took one of the other reviewer's advice and hung it up in my garage for a few days to let it air out. Even being larger than expected, the coat is built well enough and it is warm for as light as it is. My last "leather patchwork" coat lasted about 10 years. this coat is full length, so we'll see how long it lasts. For the price, if I can get 2 or three winters out of it, it will be worth the money for sure.
Shirt arrived with design on both sides (some comments said that plaid design was not on back side...it is). The picture showed that it would be 3/4 length shirt. It was a full long sleeve (as the description said). Thankfully it was 35 degrees on Easter, so it was appropriate for the day! The colors are a nice mix as it allows for versatility of pant selection.
Ordered this as a lightening deal - very cute socks. Sent them to friends.
So far so good. I've been using Dopp front-pocket wallets for years and their durability has seem to dropped off. This wallet is a little larger but feels sturdier, that it will last longer. Time will tell but definitely satisified with the purchase.
Very long on me and that's because I am only 5'3". I returned it. Very pretty though. The length seems easy enough to shorten if you had the means or one could easily have it altered.
great quality, arrived on the same day I ordered. I got a medium but it was short so I couldn't bottom up. I wore it as tshirt. it was not a problem for me.
Likes it and loves how it hides my tummy
I was very nervous when I saw I was ordering it from overseas. However, it did arrive sooner then I thought and I was very pleased with the fit and style.
I am at the age where you start having back issues from sitting on your wallet continually and was in need of an alternative. I first purchased a Running Buddy pouch that is magnetic that clasps on your belt. This is a nice product however, my cards and cash were loosely in the pouch that caused inconvenience getting them in or out. The Fidelo minimalist wallet was the answer to that issue. Very convenient. I would have given five stars but I have only had it a few weeks.
Fit well, good quality
Very long, but also very beautiful. I get many compliments on it, but it does prove hard to go upstairs with all the material.
The fabric is very soft
Neck hole is a little tighter then I would like. Besides that great quality and a good conversion piece!
Okay shirts for the money.
This is a pretty cover up. I have to pin the front, though, to wear it with a bra.
This robe is what I put on when I'm really cold. It's a little heavy but sooo warm
like it better than what i expected
I bought these for my son since we are coming up on winter. He is around 8 months and they fit him well right now so 12-18 months seems like a poor age range.
Great credit card holder. Wish it could hold a couple more cards but still a great item regardless. I got the rose gold. Fits perfectly in my pocket or small pocket of my purse.
So cute. Heavy and warm . It was too big which was great he grew into it. Has held up threw many washings and is ready to be handed down. Held the color really well.
Too long & jacket fits too small. Got plenty of compliments tho.
Not the shirt in the picture so 4 stars, Yet I love mine so much I ordered another. Both shirts are different colors and I love them. Now I'm going to order a third. Michael
The padded straps are very comfortable, but both they and the band were somewhat short. I'll probably need to go one size up.
This dress turned out to be better than I expected. It fit well using my measurements and ordering according to the size chart posted. It was too long, but that's expected because I am only 5'4". I look forward to wearing it to my special event in the near future.
I wish you had sizes in XXLG, if you get any in let me know, I like baggy style. I LOVE the shirt!
Priced good they wash good just alittle bit small but I managed as long as my a**don't get bigger ;)
Material was so comfortable on my post double mastectomy skin and incisions. Only problem is it's too small. Already wearing on the last hook.
Great shirt for work. Very professional and comfortable. Only thing is neckline starting to drop a bit after many washes, but considering the price I think it's worth it.
The top portion that should've stayed folded over to reveal my shoulders constantly rolled up. I ended up cutting it off and then it was a pretty cute dress. Also used a piece of rope to tie above my belly and below my boobs to make it more cute
Good material would recommend. Just order one or two sizes up.
Great packaging wish belt was a little longer rather than that looks and feels awesome
Gave as a gift and they loved it
a lil big but still love it
Loving this..I might buy different colors
This is a nice looking belt, I havent used it much, but should hold up
Good length of skirt. I like that it's all one piece and if the top flies up I'm still covered with the nude colored lining. Comfortable to wear.
Comfy, fit perfectly, and actually seamless! Love them!
Very pretty and soft
The kimono is just a bit big but I will wear it. Leopard print is popular this fall & I'm excited to be in on the craze!
Good quality material and overall 4/5 only thing I didn't like was the waist wasn't true to size but Somehow manageable. Re ordered another pair just bigger size.
I thought this would flow out better than it does. It shows my midriff bulge more than I expected. I bought an XXL instead of an XL so that it would be a little more swingy from bust down, but instead it clings to the stomach then flows out at hips.
I'm going to have to tailor this to fit, but it still is very lovely!
Comfortable with very little show through under most fabrics.
I steamed the hat after it arrived per the included directions, and it got the creases out easily, and it seems pretty crease-resistant since I've packed and unpacked it a couple times. The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the ribbon and bow are basically just hot-glued in a couple spots, and the glue separated easily and I had to glue it back myself.
Looks great fits perfect
Order 2 of these masks for Halloween, seller was great with making sure it arrived quickly and replying to my questions. As for the product, one mask made a very loud high pitched noise when turned on. Not sure why, the other mask was fine, but did break after one night of use. Cheaply made, but at that price Its what you get. Would definitely buy again, but will always order with more time in case item is defective and need to exchange.
The raise was a little low in the back which makes you want yank them up all the time.
Works as intended and for the most part, does not slip down
they were great coverage!
Slim means tight here, but looks pretty slick, especially for the price.
just came in the mail today. For the price, it seems to be well built and lots of little pockets for storage.My husband has a backpack similar to this, but much more expensive. It looks like the same size. Love the straps for packing through an airport. I'm looking forward to taking it to someplace warm, with sand, and palm trees....
Thick comfortable socks would but again
Great idea. But the sweater is so thin and the hood has poor measurements. I just got mine today as a gift so exited to see it but was dissapointed when it tore the minute my cat was in my pouch. Might return if I can not sew it together. I may end up wearing the sweater by itself without my cat. Since it looks cute on its own, size up for this sweater though.
Very comfy and flattering loved the colour
I was in need of a tux for a choir concert. A one and done event, a tux was not something I wanted to spend a lot of money on. I am 6'3 and 180 lbs, not the easiest guy to fit... I was skeptical, but the tux definitely worked! It's not the highest quality, but it certainly passed from a distance. I'm grateful!
Very cute, soft and comfortable! Surprise for an adult HK lover. Order 1 size up for a relaxed fit.
My daughter loves these!
Sooo, I got this to surpise my special someone plus I knew I was gonna look bad ass in it anyways! Unfortunately, I could not get it to fit me on my own and I had to have help from the person I was surprising... So didn't exactly go as planned but it does fit and I do look bad ass in it!
Love the feel of the socks but just a little short.
Trimmed easily and stays closed fairly well. Sometimes it opens easily and loosens unexpectedly, but not often.
The colors were not the ones in the picture
cute but wasn't for me
Yes I like the wallet, I'm happy with my purchase
Choose to use with clip attachments.
Husband wears with his jeans when not working. He hasn't complained. Didn't notice any bad odor when removing for laundry (yes I have one of those that leaves them on) which was posted in another review.
Love them. Wished I could just get a white one
I ordered the galaxy color, looks cool. Made from cheap china material though.
was fun to try and fig out how to put on but im thinking it looks better on bigger then B's
Nice and cozy, needed no slip socks after hip replacement surgery
Perfect size for what I need. Smelled funny/moldy when I opened it. Smell has gone away over time.
nice gift, sister enjoyed it.
Top for perfect. But the bottoms were way too small. Still a cute outfit.
Great fit... used it with a dress and really helped slim down the belly area
Nice shirt. Fit well. Came with a set of black plastic buttons, as well as the regular sown on buttons, which is a plus if you don't have a set, & no cuff links.
When I pulled the skirt out of the packaging, I thought "I'm not going to fit this!" Once I put it on...it fit great! I like that its a little stretchy but I thought it would be a tad longer. I wear a size 12 mostly and ordered the large. Xlarge probably would have been a little big and medium would have been uncomfortable. Overall a good buy.
Not the best quality but good to have several pairs for cheap!
The coat is very soft and comfortable and lightweight so that is a definite plus for travel. However, I ordered a size up and it was still slightly snug so be sure to keep that in mind
Slightly off white and loose
A good 'value' buy...not an exceptionally soft t-shirt, but good enough.
I don't get it, but my 12 year old granddaughter does, and she loves it. We just met her and made a good first impression with a lot of Stranger Things items.
I would say it's made okay - the shoulders fit perfectly, but it sat way too low on my waist and the waist line was way too big. I'm returning it. The color is vibrant and just like the picture. Reminds me of something we would have made in my home economics sewing class, not something you'd buy in a store. I'm 5'4" 120 pounds.
Great color and doesn't fall down during high intensity aerobics
It fit just as the reviews noted. Buy your size and expect the ankles to be loose.
Its cute, it fits loose like its suppose to. I didnt like the long seam in the back
This is a super cute bag! A little worried about the chain where it connects to the bag being fragile. I will be careful with it. But it is really adorable for the money.
LOVE THE CASE!! LOVE THE GLASSES!! But they only look ok on my face, although my husband says they look good on me :/ anyways this is of no fault of the company, I just have a large head. In general the glasses are of great quality and appear very sturdy. I believe these are RX-able, you'd just have to look at the description. If they were a little bigger I would've given 5 stars. Just make you know what measurements suite your face best before purchasing and maybe go a little bigger.
Liked this dress but not keeping only because of neckline. For summer a scoop neck would be better. Would be cute in fall with a little jacket and booties. I wanted for summer. I'm usually cold so fall won't work for me. I am 5'7, 143 and small fit was just right
Comfortable fit that is true to size. The material is sturdy and doesn't show my undies when working out in various positions at the gym. Happy with my purchase.
My nephew loves these. The straps are a little long though.
I like that they were resistant to runs but they were way too silky and my hills felt as if they would come off. I did love that they are opaque and cover anything you don't want to be seen.
I love this simple and sleek fit well.... I was leery cause I gained a few pounds I wanted a swing pant effect but it was still sexy
Love this! I'm 5 foot tall so it's a bit long but I still love it, different style for me. Fabric is soft and lightweight
This is a nice shirt made out of thick fabric. I bought a 2x and probably should have purchased a 1 x, as it is a bit too large on me. I'm a size 16 (38 G chest). It pairs well with lots of different pants and is appropriate for my work setting.
My daughter really love pony and I dont remember how much I spend on preparing her pony costume for Halloween. One day she saw this and she wanted me to buy it. Quality is good and color is the same as picture. Size is regular size and she always wears it in the night. quite warm and comfortable.
Cute but the XL ran small
Nice pants just too big
Love!! Perfect fit.. Most def' go down on size. If its just a cover-up im sure u could make it work. I will be attending a wedding. Its perfect for how I will wear it!!! Its comfy, light weight. U can dress up, or make casual with a T-shirt and some leggings!! 👍🏼👍🏼
Somewhat small but great quality
I love the way it looks. It's a bit too small, I would have rather had it a little bigger. The material is a little itchy. Hopefully after a wash it softens.
A bit larger than exoected
Comfortable with good side support
It's runs little bigger but it's alright since there are room for layered sweaters. It's quite warm but little heavy in weight.
The bottoms fit perfectly but the top does not cover my breast the way I want it to(I expected that)
My daughter bought me some bras that were too tight. These helped alot. Very easy to use and comfortable.
Soooo cute and super comfy. Perfect for a warm weather vacay and people were commenting they wished they had something effortless and cute to wear too!
This is a cute top! Fits a bit large but is very comfy! Love the navy blue!
I like the price and the dress.
They were nice quality socks
I like the color and the skits on the sleeves...
I ordered these as a gift for my sister-in-law who only wears ankle socks and loves this particular brand. She seemed very pleased with them as she loves to mix and match; she never wears matching socks and loves all the bold and bright patterns. Thank you!!
Fit was fine. Nice quality for the price.
Butt buttons don't stay buttoned and would be awkward to use anyways with how small it is. Otherwise nice
Super cute costume. It is a fleece material so it can get warm if you are wearing to a party indoors. But many compliments on it and everyone loved it including me!
It is a little tight for a Medium Adult, but, overall, I really like this rash guard.
I needed some new ties for work, and thought I couldn't go wrong with this 6 pack. It's an awesome value to get 6 ties for $20, I'm very pleased. The ties do have a little bit of a wrinkle when they show up, so it's best to hit them with a clothing steamer and let them reshape for a day or two.
The set comes in a bag with the shirt on top and that scared me a little seeing that i purchased this product for the pants. but when I opened the item up, the pants was located behind the shirt. i love the bottoms but not the top so much. I decided to let my guy wear the pants and I would wear the shirt.
The bathing suit was a great fit for my daughter and very cute too :)
Love the dress and design, just wish It was a bit more comfortable on the chest. I bought another dress from this store but material was different. Just wish it would have been a bit more comfortable to different body shapes.
My daughter LOVES this dress. Thankfully she is short because so is the dress. It is great quality for the price and she feels like a beautiful mermaid princess wearing it which is all that matters. BUT when she is out of the house she will have to wear shorts under it.
Do wish it was thicker.
Small, a slight smell, but good
I got lots of compliments on the dress and overall I liked the style. However... I was expecting the material to be a little bit thicker, but it was pretty thin. Still opaque which was nice. The straps were awkward to maneuver because you needed the long ones to be tied before being able to accurately adjust the X straps BUT when you tie the long pieces, you can't really get to the X straps without assistance. So you have to go back and forth until you get the right combo. I would highly recommend getting a stick-on bra or some sort of coverage to wear under because of the material.
It seems these socks should be a little larger . Having trouble pulling them up and taking off. Other than that they are fine
A nice top that I can wear to work. Layers are sewn together at the bottom waist line which might make ironing harder after the shirt is washed, but shirt is fairly comfortable to wear.
It is a little thin. Suits summer better.
The corset fits really well though it took ages to arrive .But over all its a good investment.
We loved these pants! The only thing was the gold rubbed off one of the knees the first day our daughter wore them. They refunded me immediately and I'm about to order another color. They fit perfect. I like good customer service too.
Does what it's supposed to do
Great buy for the price and number of socks. These are not high quality socks but are serviceable lightweight winter socks.
Good for the summertime parties or casual Runs a little small but cute
Received this costume within two days of ordering. I read previous reviews and they were all true. The dress is just a piece of felt, and a bit see through. The hair is a flat foam piec, not a full wig. The necklace is plastic balls on a thin string. But for only needing to wear this costume one year, it's perfect for what i need it for, and at a great price.
I loved the look of the bra but realized I may have ordered the incorrect size. It's just a little snug, and I will keep it.
Good fit. My pants are size 12. This suit for well
I purchased the size based on other reviews It fits me perfectly. The shirt is a little boxy, but I tuck it in. You will need an undershirt as the shirt is lacey and doesn't come with a lining.
It sits very nicely in my purse and helps with organizing my junk.
Nice dress ! Very cute .
Really pretty and didn't fade after wash. Fit is tight in size I usually wear reason for 4 stars.
I love the colorful pattern on this one but the fit around the neck is loose and the bottom a bit tight. Other than that, it's great.
Great shirts at a great price
I like this belt but don't like taking off the buckle and putting it back on every time I need to wash my pants. Besides that great belt.
My jeans were missing a belt loop. Clearly a miss from quality control. Makes it so weird when I'm wearing my belt.
Be aware of the delivery time. Even if it is listed as Prime, they said the were going to send out IB 2 days... it took a week to get it.
I like this hat lol served it self for what I bought it for
Overall a great shirt, color is right on. The sleeve heavy/thick which I personally like a lot, it make them durable and makes good use of the sleeve pockets. Great top but the one problem is the zip on the neck is super terrible. It's weak and just sucks. If you leave zip all the away down tho I'll be fine but to the top or half way is just terrible(speaking from a lot of physically work and movement).
I returned as the "ultra-lightweight" does not have a lined crown, which I prefer.
In order to encourage my girlfriend to wear more.. I don't know, 'cute' clothing at home I ordered these. She likes them. The crotch area has a little black mesh that is suppose to hold your privates in place. The area is too small for my goods though. Is this a common problem I face in life? Sometimes, yes. Otherwise the shorts often led to more intimate activities instigated by girlfriend.
I love these !!! I have bought many work out leggings like these on amazon and these are by far the best and comfy ! I am 5”3 and weigh 160 . I got the mediums ! They were a bit long but I just rolled the bottoms up ! Squat proof for sure !
Ordered 2 sizes larger and it fits. So it runs small. It's a very comfortable top, I just wish that I had paid more attention to the tunic cut. The sides are cut high so your sides are going to show if you move your arms up and down. Still a very cute a comfortable top.
This top is very lightweight and perfect for summer, the length of the sides of the skirt are a tad longer so it's much cuter than in pictures!! I normally wear a large but got a medium and it fits perfectly!
Love the style of this 2 piece. Super comfy and fits as expected. Only dislike I have is that the color of the fabric is not what is pictured. Lime punch is what I ordered and the suit I got is tagged as that color, but is more of a flo yellow. Kind of disappointed in that, but it fits well enough I'll be keeping it.
Nice, but i ordered wrong size,
So far I love this wallet. The carry strap is sturdy. I love all the card slots. And the zipper pockets are huge. I have a Samsung galaxy note 9 and it actually fits in either zipper pouch. Thats amazing!
Wore this hiking. Still felt wet but I was comfortable
Loved this hat for a Kentucky Derby party. Just ended up with something a little larger.
Not great material at all (Acrylic) but just for a knock around top it's cute
Was much bigger than ordered. Fortunately, I can cut and re-burn the end. Good quality.
These underwear cover me exactly the way I like. They are soft and have pretty colors.
Great suit, only thing I don't like is the whit section underneath the skirt. Fit well, a little smaller than expected but overall happy
Nice and comfy, but fit towards the small side. If pant size says 8-10, fits more like an 8.
I purchased these for my granddaughter. She liked the flowers on the frame. They are a little bit big for her.
I purchased an xl and it fit perfect. It's super fitted so if you have any rolls it will definitely show.
Very comfortable only complaint is it rides up a bit but really loved it
They provide great support, I like the colors. It is at times a little warm in Florida but still for the price very good!
My head must not be one size fits all - but it still works
It is a really nice skirt and it fit well. But I looked like a tub in it and there was no way I was going to wear it. I would have to weigh 10lbs. less to be comfortable in this skirt. I returned it.
Very pretty dress. Love the style. Had to return because, even though I ordered the size I usually wear, it was a bit too small. Did not have a bigger size.
Its way better than I expected and I love it! It's meant to be over sized so order your normal size. I am using in between a Large and XL so I ordered a XL and I could have gotten away with large and it would have probably still be over sized.
Pretty thin but no issues.
As described. No shrinkage with laundry.
Been trying to get back into the gym so got a set of sports bras. I like the feel of 2 of the 3 bras. It comes lightly padded (the padding can be removed, you know if you are blessed ;P). The bras are stretchable, great for moving around. The Orange one doesnt seem to stretch as well as the other two though. I mainly wear these under a shirt. I have been using them while running. Overall I am pleased with the bras and they do the job. They are stylish as well. The orange was the only one that I wasnt fond of, but I was just taking a chance that I can add some color to my wardrobe since I usually enjoy plain colors.
It's perfect--light enough for spring and easy to care for.
This was ok, looks cuter in the picture. More pajamas like in person
Used it for my military pants. Only issue is that once its looped in, it is difficult to take off. You have to undo the belt from the latch. I found this a little bit of a pain since I do laundry every weekend.
Did not like the fabric
I love this top and I hate roll up sleeves, but the quality of this top offsets the sleeves. I'm full figured and it fits perfectly. I got an XL. There is only one thing about the top, which doesn't take away from the top because it still works for me. The sleeves are just a tad snug. I also I wear a 14 - 16 Lane Bryant top. I took one star away because of the sleeves. I hope that helps.
The item arrived quickly and was as I had expected.
This is an amazing bra! I have such a hard time finding a good strapless bra to fit my larger chest and this one is amazing
This is a good one time use piece. Its really cute as it appears in the picture and description. I felt sexy in it as well. My fiance loved it.
Overall, this is a good basic women's white T-shirt. It is formfitting and reasonably flattering. It's a good, quality material, not too thin, with a bit of stretch to it. The cut is form fitting. I am 165 pounds with a DD bust & I ordered the XL.
I use this as sleep dress. Very comfy
Cute jeans perhaps I should have ordered a smaller size
I bought this outfit for the top. I love the print and didn't realize all the different colors in it until I got it. The material is nice and soft as well as great quality. I had read the reviews before purchasing so I knew what to expect with the jeans. They were very long and my daughter is very long (she is right months and has been wearing 9 month pants since 6 months). It is disappointing there isn't any backing on the torn parts because the second you try to get a wiggly baby's leg through, the toes puncture those areas and they tear easily. My daughter is in between 6 and 9 month tops and it was a little big but still worked (the arms were a little long and there was some room in the neck).
I usually wear a L or XL in shirts and 14s in pants. I ordered an XL and it's HUGE. I love it and still wear it around the house, but definitely could have fit I to a Large possibly even a Medium lol.
The wallet is nice, slim even with my credit cards, and fits easily in my small bag. The only issue I have is that the hardware on the wallet is gold tone, while the picture shows silver. My bag is black and silver so it doesn't match.
Would be good if you were wearing tights underneath. If not, woah! This seems like a good skirt to wear for a fun run.
These are great bras for everyday work and running around.
They are shaped perfect, no snagging and very soft
look good. i will wear it this weekend.
This is the smallest XL I have every put on. I expect that from stuff made in Asia but not from products made in America. It's like the manufacturer is skimping on the sizing to save material. I like the the shirt pattern, color and material. I will return and order a XXL.
Very neat wallet. Only fear at times that credit cards in outside pockets were not secure
True to color, nice material, runs a bit large (I ordered a medium, it'll work, but would go small next time).
Cheapest I found on Amazon, got these specifically to go with a Halloween costume I had bought and I think they get the job done, and if you're small don't be afraid to go for these!!! I'm only about 5'1 and around 80 lb. Always have been tiny and I worry about ordering clothing sometimes not knowing how it may fit.
I ordered it large on purpose. Usually I wear a small or medium. But, I wanted a t-shirt that I could wear for workouts. What attracted me to this shirt is the message and the nice v-neck and curve to it. It wasn't a box cut like most t-shirts. Very happy with it.
The top is true to size the bottom is smaller but I really cared about the top more than anything lol
Soft and good quality for the price!
Great fit, very comfortable my entire second and third trimester
These are nice sports bras, but the only thing I don't care for are that the straps, which criss cross in the back, are a little bit of a pain to get them centered and not curl up. Once you are able to get everything in place, they are really nice & comfortable. I think I may be having more problems with this because they ran a little smaller on me than I thought. Maybe a larger size would go on easier.
Love the color! Note: You gotta wear the right kind of bra for this since the material almost sticks to your body, the contours are gonna show if you don't wear the right kind of inner-wear. I would have liked for the sleeve to be a little more tighter than it is. Otherwise, nice top!
many friends complimented this dress. The elastic waist band does tend to ride up but that may be my body shape
Love them just a tad small for a size 10 foot. My toe is going to make a hole at the end of them soon for sure. But good slipper.
Love them, but with they were about 2" shorter. They roll at waist.
Great product, great price, shipping is a little slow.
Very pretty dress. I got a size 4 for my 5'4” frame and weigh about 135. I have more of an athletic body with my waist on the smaller side vs my hips. Dress was lovely and got a lot of comments on it. But please be careful of the flimsy zipper. Other than that it is a beautiful dress
Really nice bow tie. Surprisingly good quality for the price.
After years of buying Hanes brand socks, I finally had to stop. Hanes socks used to be cushy and have normal-fitting ankles - not anymore, though. Now, Hanes socks are thin & flimsy with too-tight elastic around the ankles. I am petite and do *not* have 'cankles' or even thick ankles, and the new Hanes socks cut off circulation to my feet and left deep red marks on my ankles. I decided to try these No Nonsense socks and I'm so glad that I did! They're soft, just cushy enough without being thick and the elastic fits my ankles perfectly. There is no tightness, yet they're just tight enough to stay up. 100% would purchase again.
Won my company Halloween costume contest in no small part due to this mustache!
Dress fits great I ordered the 4x I'm 5'4” 36DD at 170 lbs it fits a smidge loose but not too crazy I think I might have been able to fit in a 3x but no regrets I'm glad I read the reviews thoroughly before purchase!
A little to large but looks perfect for me. :)
A good price and a warm comfortable sock.
Love these socks. These are great exercise socks, are great for just everyday walking around. I usually buy 1-2 packs of these every 18-24 months.
Nice leather quality. Ratchet system works fine. Was able to size appropriately
This scarf is very soft, but not what I was expecting. But I'm keeping it. I will give away as gift.
Great hats for the price. The material is nice and the fit is fine. The assembly and stitching could be better though. This is my second order and again the white hat is a definite keeper but the blue one again has improperly installed snap fasteners.The rivets pull apart and fail to hold the adjustment straps in place. I returned the blue one from the first order. It's apparent that all the blue hats are bad so I'll just try to make do. Amazon refunded my purchase price when I returned the first blue hat.
Nice and comfy long sleeve shirt to wear on the harley!
I like this Jacket very much but have one complaint. The zippers keep scratching my neck area, hence the four star?
There was no xlarge option so I had to return the Large one I had ordered. I was just disappointed and there was no way to order the right fit!!! I had ordered it as a worthy present for a loved one!!! Shucks!!!
Love the way it looks, very flattering but not a huge fan of the fabric
Bought this for my budget wedding. I am a STICKLER for comfort, and this dress is really comfortable! I actually spent 10 X more money on some awesome cowboy boots to go with it! -Boots that I will wear again, and who the heck wears their wedding dress twice? Making good choices. When I tried this on in front of my fiancé he simply melted. I's very lacey and flirty. It feels like a good quality fabric, even though it is at a bargain price. One of the reviews I had read said that one person who purchased it turned the dress around and wore the low-cut in the front, so I tried it. BAM! That's exactly how I prefer to wear it; the slip underneath peeps a little bit and also I have CLEAVAGE, which I didn't think I was going to have with this “good girl” dress-try it on backwards! Now the reason for only four stars: it was advertised as a beige colored dress , and in the pictures it looks cream. I was looking for a cream colored bohemian dress to get married in. The dress itself is actually a dusty ROSE color. I Purchased an extra one, since they were so cheap, and right now I have one of them in the washing machine with a cup of bleach just to see what will happen. Regardless of which color, I am saying YES TO THE DRESS- I love it!
Love the beanie, although it does tend to slip off the little one's head easily.
Thin material but seems like decent quality for the money. Looks absolutely adorable!
After reading the reviews I was contemplating which size to buy. I normally wear a medium unless the dress is made full. I decided to order the medium and not go a size up. The dress fit better than expected. I would have liked it an inch or 2 longer. It can be worn casually or you can dress it up. The material is thin but not as bad as I expected after reading other reviews. I'm going to order again in additional colors. My size 5'2 1/2 bust 36C
purchased as a gift for my girlfriend she seems to really like it.
I love this tunic! I get tons of compliments on it - it fits well, the color block scheme is really popular, and the lace on the back is a nice touch. I wash it in cold water and haven't had the problem with the color bleeding that others have written about. My only complaint is the sleeves are too tight. I don't have heavy arms. If the manufacturer would add another 1 cm in diameter, they'd be more comfortable.
a little tight in the under arm
Super cute and vegan leather! Awesome! But wheres the coin holder? Sucks there isnt one. Also I can tell its semi cheaply made but I've had it for months now and it hasnt ripped at all so that's great. It's really cute and I love it, just wish it had some more convenient features.
My only complaint is that the flowers were a little smashed and I couldn't seem to fix that. Otherwise, very pretty.
As a dance teacher, I wear leggings just about every day, so I am always on the lookout for leggings that are unique, comfy, and good quality at a reasonable price. Found some! These leggings are comfy and very flattering. And they have pockets!!! The 2 side pockets are each big enough to hold my phone, and the zippered pocket on the back is perfect for a car key, gym locker key, or money/I.D. I love these leggings, but I took off one star, because the first time I put them on, I heard some crackling noises. Nothing appears to have ripped, so perhaps the material wasn't held in enough of a stretched position while sewing. I still love them, though, and the price is right!
Bought these for daughters first communion. Nice for the price, although stitching was a bit off on one of the gloves fingers.
the jacket is super comfy but the sleeves run too short
This mask is GORGEOUS! The iridescent stones really make this mask captivating! So Gorgeous in fact that mine came in with a few stones missing but I just HAD to send it in for a replacement (which is on the way and is the reason why this item received only 4 stars. ) If you're looking for THE mask, you can stop looking here and just order this beauty.
Super cute but was way to big for my two year old
just a hair tight. hopefully with some breaking in it will fit more comfortably
Cute shirt just smaller than I expected
I ordered this for my daughter for an 8th grade graduation dress. It seems really nice in quality for the price and looked good on her, except it was a little too big in the chest area. But that's not the dress's fault. It was XS, so unfortunately I had to return and get her a different dress. But this is s really great buy!
These scrubs are not the best but you get what you pay for. The material is pretty cheap and a few of the stitches have started coming loose in the month and a half I've been wearing these. I got the XS and it is still very large on me both height and size-wise so order a size down. Overall, for a cheap pair of scrubs you don't mind getting dirty these are fine but if you're looking for a nicer pair that's a little more fitted, with good material and lots of pockets you are better off going to a scrubs store
For what I paid for it, it was fine. Very thin and not sure if too small until baby is born. Was bought for son and daughter-in-law.
I am a size 14 pant and a 38D bra and bought a size XL. It fit exactly how I wanted. There isn't a ton of support on top, though. I dug the panties and they fit well. More importantly though, my husband liked the whole look. :)
The fabric is very thin and honestly slightly see through, but it is very cute for the price!
These are super delicate and the frame is simply thin wire. They look AWESOME but be careful when storing!
These pants are soft and comfortable for the price. They do not feel as if will only last a few wears. Be aware they will shrink after the first wash though. They fit pretty snug prewash, so they will fit a little smaller after the first wash.
I got this dress for a 1920s party. When I first pulled it out of the bag I was worried because it looked to big but when I actually tried it on it fit perfectly. I'm 5'2" and about 115 and ordered a small. There were some strings of beads that were hanging down not attached to the dress properly and some threads sticking off but easy fixes. Overall I am happy with my purchase.
The sizing is as I expected, over-sized. Fits great for my tastes. I bought a white one. It definitely requires an undershirt because the fabric is rather thin and because the shirt comes off the shoulder sometimes. Wore it to work today. Super-comfortable, and got a compliment on it.
Ordered for wife, she is pleased. Great color. Good packaging.
It was my first time using this today and i really liked it! Being on my 3rd trimester, I've been having problems with my inner shirts rolling up my belly. these fit perfectly, stays in place, and is very comfortable!! I just wish they sold 3 black ones altogether. but overall, a great buy!
It does run kind of big. I usually wear between 4-6 in bottoms and I ordered a medium. It fits somewhat loose but, next time I'm definitely getting a small.
the purpose was for the bowtie and the hankie but the vest was okay
It is very lightweight, feels comfortable and easy to adjust. Some People think it's confusing, but the strap its self has little clicks/ indents in it to be adjusted. I also figured out that if the strap hangs lose you can tuck it into the side part. This would have been very annoying if I did not figure that out. But overall it is a good hat. Just make sure to test the hat out, and figure the tricks and tips as I did. Because this can be a perfect hat for you.
Good product. Would definitely size up
It's pricey but it is cute. Not bad at all, but not extremely cute.
They're very comfy & cute. Quality is appropriate for the price, if not better. Get them!
Good gift for a co-worker who likes beer. Good quality.
Material is nice and very warn but after having it for a month the seams on the sleeves aren't very good. I've had to fix the seams on the sleeves and the collar a couple of times. Other than the seams the material is comfy and warm and is fitting.
108 pounds, 34 C, 5ft even, ordered a small and it was a little tight, my thighs went out of the side cuts and it made my tummy look much larger than usual. I think a medium would've been a better fit. Quality seems good, haven't swam in it, but it's survived my washer and dryer.
Ordered an 8/10 and received a hoodie marked 10/12, so it'll take my daughter a bit longer to grow into it. The pockets are tiny, but it is really cute, and my daughter loves how soft the inside is.
Super cute but runs a little big
soft cotton, colors are beautiful.
Great leather belt!!! Must buy!!
Love the hoodie, super comfy. Runs a bit small though.
This bra is supper soft, comfy and the paddings is great, very well made. I however have size DDD breast and this bra provides absolutely no support for me. If you have a large chest and are looking for great support this bra is not for you, but if you have a smaller chest then this bra just might be perfect for you!
i love them but its weird that the black ones fit perfectly and the purple ones were too small
Nice fit!good quality!
Glad I went up a size as it was a tad snug. I love the look and feel of it as I wear it everyday to work. However it will shrink a bit in the wash/dryer following the tag instructions.
Nice shorts but drawstring broke and came out the 2nd day. Now they fall down slightly
I really love this jacket. The price is great. It is so light weight and you can roll it up and, almost stuff it in your pocket. Even in -15 temperatures, I feel comfortable. Also, it is great at blocking wind. The mid-thigh length covers the bottom, toasty! There is one negative: washing the coat. There is a feather fill that is sewn into herringbone patterns. If you get it wet they will stick together and lose their ability to keep you as warm.
Exactly what I wanted and they are great!
I like the length of these shorts.
I like this pants and they are super comfortable but they are HUGE. I ordered the Medium per the size chart and they fit like a XXL.
I wear a 10/11 sometimes a 12/13 depending on the pants and the xl was still too tight on me. Absorbed pretty well but still had a wet feeling.
Loved them all, great quality for the price. I'm giving it 4 stars because the granny panties I could have done without 😂
My girlfriend liked the bra. She said it fit well and was made of good quality material. The bra doesn't work for some of her dresses. She complained that it was not enough coverage and push but she is petite. She preferred the stick on U bra but still uses this bra all the time.
Very soft and comfortable. I like that it has a big band, which helps a lot with the back pain. The material is breathable and stretchy, so I don't feel like I'm being suffocated or anything. The padding do fall out of the pockets when I put it in the washer; but that's not a big issue for me as I don't use the padding anyways. The size fit as expected. I'm normally 32DD probably DDD now that I have milk and a medium fits me well.
Nice Shirt, Good Price
Adorable! It was a size or 2 too big, but i dried it and it fits great now.
This dress is so cute and comfortable. I have not had the opportunity to wear it yet but I am excited to wear it. Its a cute casual yet formal dress.
Got these for my wife, she liked the high waistband and the holes down the side for extra ventilation. The thicker material is perfect for squats, providing extra support and not having to worry about the leggings being see through. Although the extra support/compression is nice, the waistband is significantly thicker than the leggings and can tend to get a little hot.
Great price for quality product.
I ordered a bigger size because i expected it to be a little small but it was still kinda tight once i got it on very comfortable.
Functioning, albeit small, front pockets. Very soft and comfortable. Ordered a size 10 and put them in the dryer. Minimal shrinkage.
This dress is very casual and a slightly thin material. Not quite see-through but close. It is very soft and stretchy.
Good luck and great feel
The front pockets are small and the hand barely enters the pocket Makes it hard to take out a wallet or keys
I bought this dress for college formal season. I was in between sizes in the busy area, so I decided to size up to be safe since the lengths for the two sizes were the same. I would have been fine going with the smaller size since the one I got was slightly loose in the bust/waist area. The only reason I don't give it five stars is because the dress was so ridiculously long on me. I needed to hem a good 1-2 inches off even after wearing four inch heels with it. Other than that, it was lovely and I received many complements on it throughout the night and next number of days.
Only thing I don't like is that one of the onesies has two snaps on the back by the neck and I hate those- personal preference.
Good quality for the price, but runs on the large side. I got a M and it was too loose. I'm 5'6", 130lbs, 32c. Armholes were too low and the front was cut deep enough that I showed cleavage. Lots of extra room with the swing shape on my round lower half (generally a size 6: 28" waist, 38" hips). I'd definitely go smaller if you're between sizes, or drop one or 2 if you want it fitted.
Picked up the nickname Wolfie in High School so I thought I would buy this. Keeps you warm in the winter and is comfortable.
Just as described...true to size
I loved the variety of colors and craftsmanship of each bow. Beautifully made. The clips, however, will not clamp onto the hair causing the bows to fall off of the hair.
Very cute and warm. My daughter loves it!
Just a little big but super cute something great she can wear next year
The top is amazing but the bottom is poorly made and almost see trough!
Very comfortable and supports the feet well.
Design on the shirt is awesome. T-shirt is very thin, don't think it will last long
On the picture there is a snapback sticker on the lid of the hat but when i got it the sticker was different and said junior size.
Nice Cami's, but one came with a small hole in the bottom and one Cami had a string coming out at the bottom stitching. Oh well, I'll still wear them.
Fits well and is comfortable. Has stood up to a few washes well so far. Exactly what I expected!
Honestly, the first pair had holes straight out of the package. One in front and several along the booty seam that I found about an hour later. They're very soft and comfortable but now I worry that they're fragile. Returning them seems like more of a hassle than my current comfort level, I'd rather keep these holey things than wait for new ones. Annoying, but dang they're comfy.
I love this dress but the bottom is really wide and stretched out and needs to be taken in to fit like the body con dress does at the top.
I'm a little disappointed in the screen printing. I've washed it inside out in cold water and hung it to dry and the printing is already cracking. Not happy.
My daughter loves these socks. She did not want to take the off after trying them on. fit perfect and very light weight also.
Fits good but can be uncomfortable as you can imagine lol
This shirt was adorable for my son's Wild One birthday party and photo shoot.
A bit smaller than Hanes but overall, very good
ok so this shrug is incredibly soft. I feel like i will be touching it all night long at my husbands company party. the only issue i had was closing the latch. I had to close the hook and then put it over my head and pray that the hook didnt come off. Im probably going to be getting a pin to keep it closed. thats the only reason it got a 4 star rating. other than that its perfect and did i mention incredibly soft. If you have looked at other ones or you're hemming and hawing over this. this is it.....you will not regret this purchase. I promise.......
Only gave 4 stars because it's bigger than what I expected. Other than that I love it!
It fits good. The packaging was just a bag so it was all smooshed. It should be in a box to avoid that. The material was different than I thought it was going to be.
Not as thick as I thought it would be. Cute though. This is big, but hopefully that means my baby can wear it next year too. Its really cute!!
Somewhat large and baggier than expected. A little longer than I wanted but very cute and seems well made. Perfect for lounging around. I'm 5'6 and 130lbs and bought a small. Sizing one size down may be best.
Cuffs were a little small for the size but he had room to breathe
Good product for the price. Shipping is a little high for a single T that weighs less then 1 pound but I do love the material and the Med fit my frame at 5'9” 180 well. I'll but more but slowly with the almost $5 shipping rates they get expensive. I'd give 5 stars of shipping wasn't so expensive.
The material is very nice and for the money it's a very good deal. The colors are very nice as well. My complaints are that they run crazy small. Definitely get at least one or two sizes up. They also ride up a little bit but not to bad
I love the back of this sport bra. It's super cute to wear with an open back top. It fits a bit snug, which works for me because I'm small chested, but for larger chested I would suggest sizing up. As far as support, it works for me but I'm also not sure how it would work for those that are larger- chested.
This is the first ratchet belt I've tried, but I really like it. It was very easy to put together, take apart and adjust the length. I started by cutting a couple of inches off, but wasn't happy with the length, so I simply took another inch off until it was just what I wanted. I really love the bucket, it's fairly traditional looking, but unlike some other models I looked at does not have an extra release button sticking out. It's very sleek and works wonderfully. I also like that it's fairly traditional looking. With my old belt, I was constantly adjusting it, so I would have it more loose around the house, but if I needed to carry my wallet, phone, keys, etc, then I'd have to tighten it a notch -- a full inch. This belt is SO EASY to adjust. And much more accurate, I think each click is 1/4th of an inch. I don't have to just accept the next setting -- I can make it just right. So, why not 5 stars? there are a couple of things I'm less thrilled with. First, and totally my fault, I didn't verify the width of the leather. This belt is 1.25" and I would have preferred something wider. I've noticed the weight of the buckle and the size of belt loop has allowed that one end to twist easily when not fastened so that it's essentially inside-out. My wife has also commented that she can tell when I'm about to leave the bathroom because of the clicking of the ratchet system. I don't find it super loud, but it is a noticeable difference. Maybe like going from button fly jeans to something with a zipper. Overall, the benefits definitely win. I'm already thinking I should get a black version in a wider width now that I've tried this one. For the increased comfort of being easily adjustable in my setting, the price is very reasonable. I recommend getting one to try if you've never had a ratchet belt previously.
Fits loose and flowy. Maybe should have gotten a larger size, but I like it
This is a very pretty classy dress. For those looking I suggest if you have large breast please size up. I normally wear a size 12 in most clothing. Often I can wear a 10. Just depends on line of clothing. I'm 5'6” tall, 36 DD, curvy figure. 162 lbs. the length is as shown. Hits middle knee. Very classy dress. Unfortunately im going to have to exchange for a 14! I've never had to order that size in any clothing. So this dress runs a tad small.
Looks good and very elegant. Would have liked if size 2 was available.
Almost returned because arrived very folded, but read instructions to steam and it flattened right out. Very cute hat! A little hesitant to fold again for my travels because I didn't pack a steamer, so just wore hanging down my back boarding plane and put on top of a suitcase in overhead. It was fine. I wore everywhere and received many compliments. May try light folding in future.
A bit tighter in the hips than pictures but I'm obsessed and can't wait for them to restock other colors!
the dress is a tad long, but for the price it's cute
This is a really cute dress. The material looks smooth and silky in the picture, but it actually has a bumpy, crepe-like look and feel, which is still fine, just not what I expected. The dress fits well even though the waist sets a little higher than my natural waistline. I fear that when I wear it, I will feel the need to keep pulling it down to make it sit right. I am 5'4" and weigh 124 pounds. I bought a medium size. I have not worn the dress yet, but will definitely wear it, because it is light and summery and cute. What I dislike about the dress is that the placement of the pattern does not match the one advertised. The seller said that it wouldn't match, and I knew that in advance, but decided to take my chances anyway. The placement of the stripes between the two dresses is different, so to me, mine is not as nice. I am not at all unhappy with the dress I received, I just really liked the way the one in the picture looked .
Absolutely worth every penny
I really loved this outfit. Perfect for the beach. It was nice and flowy. I only wish I could order the two pieces in separate sizes. At the time, my chest was smaller than my lower half. I have a smaller waist, but a big butt. I ended up ordering a medium, But received a large. The bottom worked (loose around the waist) but the top was too big, so I ordered a second set in small and used the top from that. 😅
Love the look of these pants. Wish they were longer. I'm 5'7" and they come above my ankles. Will be cute for spring/summer, but I can't wear them in the winter, even with boots.
Ran a little smaller than I expected. I wanted it to be a little more roomy. Based on reviews I purchased a 2xl and I'm a US women's size 16. Quality is a little less that great but still is cute and comfy.
I love this dress but the only complaint I have is that I had to shorten it about 3 inches because of how long it is. I'm 5' 3", so I'm on the short side. If you're above 5' 6", I think you'd be okay on length. Otherwise, the dress is incredibly comfortable, very vibrant, and is a great quality!
Size runs small. I ordered a 4T sent it back for a size 6. Quality nice.
Back is adjustable and front with extra panel, which makes this a much better fit than a similar Medela bra I tried.
Very nice! Loved the material
My granddaughter loves this. It is made very well. But be ware, it had a horrible smell in the package but it did wash out.
Is exceptionally warm perfect for snow
It took more then the 2 days i was hoping it would arrive within 2 days
Looks great under fitted clothing like dresses and tights.. you can't see any seams. Only gave it a 4 because the thigh part continuously rolls up which is annoying but they're still wearable and looks natural.
IT'S A LITTLE SNUG, BUT STILL CUTE. IF YOU DON'T MIND A LITTLE FORM FITTING TO SHOW YOUR CURVES IT'S GREAT GETTING YOUR ACTUAL SIZE, OTHERWISE GO A SIZE UP FOR MORE LOOSE FITTING... BUT THIS STYLE LOOKS BETTER FORM FITTING IN MY HONEST OPINION.
I'm 5'5 and bought a Large. Pros: the price, lightweight fabric, very breathable. Cons: top is pretty thin shows bra, stripes are more like a bright red, and the sleeve length is a little too long for me. Mine did come with the belt and pockets.
I think I originally saw this sweater in a youtube vlog. Colors are as described/shown in the picture. I'm 5'6, 130 lbs and I ordered a small, which fits well. As other reviewers have pointed out, the sweater does not have a lot of give. I would keep this in mind if you have a large breast area. It's not super high quality fabric (which I did not expect), but it does not look or feel particularly cheap. I recommend it!
Top was perfect and that is why I bought it. Bottom did not fit right but I really don't care as I have other high waisted French cut bottoms to wear with it.
Great boxers! Very comfortable.
If I looked like the model on Amazon I would love it. Material is mediocre but you get what you pay for. It's fine for the price.
Very nice hat! But it fits a little on the small side for my 15 year old son.. it kind of loses that creased look when he puts it on but her still LOVES it.
So soft and so comfortable it feels like you're wearing a bath robe. It is a lightweight coat and very loose fitting. Has a collar and no buttons and no zipper. Length comes past my knee. Good jacket for wearing out casually with jeans or when you're on the run
The socks shipped fast but they were definitely way smaller than the “one size” fits all. Be cautious if you have larger feet.
Great jacket overall except for the hand pockets... I have pretty normal size hands and they barely fit even making a fist.
I wear 12-14 and ordered the XL to make sure it was roomy. It JUST fits me. Also there were a lot of loose threads and bunched up threads on the gown.
Super cute, great material and good quality. Love the variety of colors! Highly recommend these bows for baby. Soft fabric, super stretchy, doesn't leave a mark
I bought a size up and instantly regretted it! Super cute but buy your true size!
This dress fits to size and is really cute! It is a little see through but that's also because it's white.
Good material, fits good
I'm 5'3, 160lbs and am a 38DD, I got an XL. The top fit surprisingly well which is a first for me, I always have issues finding a top to keep the girls in. The bottoms fit...but they don't really hold in the lower belly much. I could still see my belly through the material which isn't cute. It's not too cheeky but does show a little. I actually tried the top with a different pair of bottoms and I felt much more comfortable so I'll probably keep the set just so that I can have the top. Maybe when I lose a few lbs I can revisit the bottoms again. (PS alternate bottoms made by COLO Women Sexy Bikini Bottoms, bought on Amazon, sz XL)
My son loves the jacket! I ordered XS based on other reviews. He wears size 6/7.
I use these to blow my nose, and toss them into the washer whenever I do laundry. I've actually started using them to clean my ears after showers too, which may sound weird, but it eliminates the need for cotton swabs!
These training undies are very nice. The lining isn't as thick as I expected but it is soft and seems absorbent. They're not very stretchy but so have some stretch to them. Overall a great buy for your your loved one.
I haven't been able to were it yet but I love how it fits
For slightly larger than I thought but still worked out ok. With footy pajamas you don't want them too small. The kids like them a little big anyhow.
very good shirts to wear under my uniform much more comfortable than the ones I usually get from the exchange.
Very neat and unusual scarf. It's larger than most scarfs and buttons in the front to stay secure. It's a nice soft fabric to add just a light layer of warmth on a chilly day. Very stylish looking. Wish it came in more color choices though.
These are the first fleece lined leggings I have gotten that actually stay up and don't slip down. The only downfall I have seen is they pill up pretty quickly.
These are fine for an athletic sock. I purchased them to wear as part of work uniform with black scrubs, and I def recommend them for something like this. If you know you need a poly-blend sock for work-outs, hikes or work, they're good. They're nothing special like a merino wool or thick hiking sock, but certainly thicker than a dress sock and not a cheap cotton tube sock.
Fit well, not exactly perfect for running and the padding shifts when taking off/putting on. Ended up just taking it out since I didn't really see the point. But for the price, I can't complain.
The color is off, not pink it peach
Super warm, very comfy and a good price. I just wish the headband part expanded a little more.
Looks just like the picture. Will be perfect for my bat costume. The strings are a little short. I have just enough string to tie it in a bow. May be too small if you have a larger head. The material feels good though.
These sport bras run very small. I have to send these back and get the medium.
My daughter bought this for her friend for her birthday and she loves it!!!
I ALSO GET MANY COMPLIMENTS IN THIS DRESS EVERY TIME I WEAR IT
Super cute but noticed the sleeves are a tad short and a little snug in the armpit area. Not a huge deal but maybe a slight defect in the fit. I like the length and perfect with leggings.
I am happy with these socks in terms of color variety, which is what I was looking for. They are a good lightweight sock and this is good since I wear socks with various shoes throughout the year. I wish they were a little longer and came a little farther up the leg. Overall, I feel good about buying them, especially because I got good color variations and they are a great price.
This is a nice alternative to the same old boring t-shirts.
I was expecting them to be a little heavier.
I like them and a good value. The fit is fine, not perfect, but fine.
The quality of these is fine, definitely good for the $, but the first pair I received one of the front clips did not hold at all. I was easily able to return them for a free replacement and the replacements are perfect for my 11 yo son.
Super cute bathing suit. I'm 5'6 135 and I ordered a medium. The only negatives is that the bottoms were a tad too big or too cheeky, while the top was a little too small and the material was a bit itchy. But overall, cute. And for under $30 I will keep and wear!
Fine for the price and looks pretty authentic..
Shirt fit my granddaughter perfectly through the torso, but a could be a little longer in arms.
Fabric was soft and cozy, but the band around the bottom really made me look bottom heavy. It was just not flattering. I'm not pear shaped more of an hourglass, but I am on the short side, maybe if you are longer in the torso it would pull the hem up a bit or if you are trying to give your hips a more rounded look this would probably work. It does run a bit big, not sure its a full size too big but it was certainly roomy.
Beautiful style and perfect size, however the material looks cheap.
love it but xl runs a little small... now eating no carbs lol
Yay pockets! Thanks for those 😊
Daughter really enjoyed it!
Good product runs a little big but nice shirt.
this dress is BEAUTIFUL!! but it does run a bit small. especially if you have a bust. so just get a larger size. mine came already with a rip in the shoulder and some makeup on it. so it mustve been worn and returned. so im returning this one M and getting a L. its worth it tho. its a stunning looking dress.
I like this dress, but it's kind of baggy and way too long. I drowned in the medium (there were several inches of skirt dragging on the floor), and even in the small it's baggy and drags a bit. I'm about 5'6" and 125 lbs, so I'm not used to having a floor-length dress reach so far past my feet. I'd suggest going a size down (the fabric is very stretchy). It's very pretty, though, and will work great for an LDS temple dress.
I like these socks and have placed many orders for them. My only complaint is that after a short period of time, they seem to develop holes where the toes are. This has happened to almost every pair I own and it's not from sharp toe nails. They are great while they last. I just wish they lasted a little longer. Still worth the price.
It's great quality, feels super heavy and well made, however sizing is very difficult and a large is too short on me and i'm 5,3 110lbs. I still give it a 4 star review because it shipped on time and the quality is awesome!
I really like the leggings, very soft and comfortable. These are a high waist but could have another 1-2" so that they went over my hip bones and stayed on my waist. If you pull them up over your hip bones then you have a camel toe. It's a struggle with this high waist and other styles to keep them from rolling down under my fat roll.
Came crumpled but still worked. These are very soft so some crumples couldn't be fixed. It was nice they were so light
Very comfortable. Good to work out in very lightweight. The stitches seem very sturdy.
Nice material, very pretty color. Came packaged nicely without any funny smells (which I encounter far too often on amazon lingerie) My only problem is that the straps are a little long. It fits my bust well, but it hangs kinda low, i.e. the empire waist that should hit right below my boobs hits maybe a couple inches south of that, evenly in the middle of bust and belly button, even with the straps shortens as much as they can go. I got the L as I'm a 34DD, 5'6 and about 160. Maybe should have gotten a M and just had it a little too tight.
My husband is a stickler for how his man panties ride/feel. Also, quality matters. He is generally an UnderArmor kinda guy, but he absolutely loves these!
As promised Good Quality-Thank you
So comfy!!! Highly recommend
This purchase was for my 19yr old daughter; as young people are not easily satisfied. I am happy to say my daughter is very happy with the item.
Good material, order a size larger than normal. I ordered a large and it was just a tad bit short in my torso.
I am a senior. This sock does not cut off circulation and leave deep impressions with the spandex. Very comfortable and a good sock.
Lovely dress! It fitted perfectly and I love the bright yellow.
These are great Pilates socks, for which I've been looking for ages. The sizing is good for my size 14 (US) fit, and the ankle grip is firm enough to not come bunching over the sole during exercise.
Fit good, looks good
Very comfortable. Band around bust is not tight.
Very light and soft, colors are pretty, was expecting more of a real color than blue but like it regardless. Would buy again.
Bought this dress for a girlfriends birthday dinner. Had a blast! It was easy to move in. The material is thicker than expected though.
Thick and comfortable
Great fit and perfect for work and after work events. True to size and color!
Great shorts for lounging,working out and running. They fit more like briefs but very soft and stretchy. I like them a lot. Some of the most comfortable shorts I have. All tho very little is left to the imagination in them it's very obvious if your comando but nothing has, so to speak, fell out. I've even went swimming in them.
These fit really well. The black pair I got was see-through, but I haven't had that problem with any of the other colors.
Fit smaller than expected. Returned and ordered a size up from my usual and it fits great. Very flattering. Great coverage. Comfortable but sexy.
The product is not as pictured if you order in a larger size. We ordered girls size 10, and while we don't mind that the fabric is different--it's still Descendants--the waistband is also different. It's the kind that's more like a colored elastic band instead of what is pictured. my daughter is quite particular about that, so we will be returning these.
Very warm, soft, and well-made. Only downside, I didn't realize the black has the top folded down permanently with the fuzzy side out. I prefer to wear it like a regular sock with the fuzzy side only facing the inside. Also, the colors are nice but from the photos I could not tell it was actually a metallic/silver thread and I would actually prefer non metallic.
Flattering style and functional. Nice material and comfortable.
It's exactly what I ordered. It comes with a variety of sizes that fit different band widths. Good buy.
like it but it was a bit tight on my 6 year old and she normally wears a 5/6
I like these pants, they fit loose and are soft, loose, & comfortable for lounge wear.
It's super cute and great quality, but it was a bit too small. I wear an 8 normally, and the M was too small
The top band is a little tight, but otherwise these are great.
Love the material but the foot is rather large for my size 7 feet.
I wholeheartedly wanted to give this denim jumper five stars because it's such a stylish and versatile piece. It is good quality like the jeans I purchased previously in this brand. My issue with the jumper is the same as previous reviewers, the straps. They are way too long and impossible to adjust. I like the jumper so much that if I can find someone who can fix the straps, I will keep it. If not, I will be returning it. Also, look closely at sizing. I'm an 8, and an XL was a perfect fit.
I like the fit, the craftsmanship and above all the price
Toes are a little tight but the rest fit well.
The product was super impressive except for the mask, I purchased this for a Halloween prop in the yard, I had to change the mask because it was not made of a quality material. I changed and used this other mask and now my prop is awesome...I would repurchase again..
This is my second ratcheting belt. I loved the first one so much decided to get another. First one lasted a little over a year. Not bad considering I wear a belt everyday. I had to make a minor modification to this one due to it not wanting to stay locked. Want to big of a deal.
Exactly what I expected for the quality and size
Great quality! Originally ordered a medium for my 13 yr old daughter, slim built. Was too small. Arms run short. Returned and ordered a large.
Very light weight but comfortable. Not good for trying to stay warm.
I wear a large in most clothing but based on the size chart for these I ordered an XL and it fits perfectly. Maybe great work shirts to stay cool.
I bought this for my husband. He loved it! Nice material, sleeves fit well and great color.
It was on the big side so it was loose on my daughter. It's a very thin fabric. That being said, it gets four stars for how much she loves it and wears it! It's held up to being worn at the pool and beach.
Perfect, BUT stinks!
Dress is cute like it said
Its beautiful for the price but it is a little itchy.
They're a little looser than I was expecting but I think I'm just in between sizes (xs and small). Overall, length is great.
Warm, not too thick, good looking, especially the lower section. I like them!
Very satisfied with these earmuffs. They could stand to be a tad more secure, they seem to slip a bit after a while, but they will absolutely keep you warm, even in the bitter winter cold.
Love this dress! Looks exactly like the pictures and the fit is so flattering. It's super light weight which is great for Florida summers. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I don't loveee the texture of the material, I don't hate it, it's just not my favorite.
I like this shirt a lot. Love the charcoal/tan color. It is light weight. I di a lot farm farm work, I wanted something nice and lightweight to toss over my tee shirt on slightly cool days that would hold up to my active lifestyle. The poly makes it wrinkle free. Works great over a tee or tank shirt as poly material is a bit scratchy to me, but, I would buy it again.
I bought a small once since I have a size 28 waist and it fits well! I just wish I had bought a better design
Little big for children but good quality. Received both of the hats. Overall a good purchase
it has a very good mechanism its very smooth jaw opening. but i think they cold have made a harder foam because at the mouth corner it riped :(
These socks are ok. They fit on his feet just fine, but the cuffs are shorter than regular crew socks are, however they are longer than ankle socks. I wish they were longer in the cuff part.
Hi, the glasses rest comfortable on my face. If the glasses work for me, i plan on ordering more for gifts. So what's the pick for? Sue
Nice color and good quality. Smells good, too! Love it!
Fits really well. The rods on the side kind of stick out but can be bent for comfort
I can't complain too much, given the price: the neck fit was perfect, but the chest was just a slight bit snug. The collars are good and stiff.
The sweater is the style I wanted however the listing description says light weight. This sweater is not light weight in any way. It is a nice cotton and well made but it a little too thick to wear in the office during the summer.
Wearing it for the first time today. It's comfortable and a little roomy.
kinda loose fitting, he likes them but they aren't his favorites
The trainer really snatched my waist Good but my zipper broke on both trainers
Bought this because I needed a simple white top. Nicer than I expected. Great fit!
Hi. I bought one color and I got another. It is warm.
I ordered a medium but it runs really big But other then that nice jacket
Great no show socks! Can wear with many different kinds of shoes and they don't constantly slip down your heel.
Great coat. 4 stars over the outside front products though. they are a touch small. Almost impossible to use with gloves on
The jacket is a really well sewn and good quality. My husband inspected every aspect of it and is pleased that it has so many pockets and the sleeves fit him, as he has longish arms. The only downsides are: that the sleeves are very wide and the zipper faster is actually on the other side--not the correct side for a man's jacket.
Fits well and is comfortable. The company is great to work with and dedicated to customer service.
I'm very pleased with purchasing this wallet / money clip - not just the purchase experience but the product itself.
The dress was extremely comfortable. I am 5'2 and it was perfect for my height but could be disappointing for someone taller.
A little small but will do.
XL was a tiny bit big, but still cool
It's really nice and dries quick, but I wish it came up a little higher on my belly. Fits as expected.
Love it! Truth be told, I find regular bras annoying to wear so practically live in sports bras. These caught my eye as providing my cleavage a bit of a boost as well as having a more...attractive look than your typical sports bra. Would I wear it on a jog? No, I really don't think it would provide me comfortable support. But for everyday wear and light activity? Absolutely no complaints. Matter of fact, after buying the black as a test run, I ended up buying every color.
Awesome. Easy to get in and out of. Well constructed with durable fabric.
LOVE THESE!!! they fit so well and my ginormous 5 month old will be able to wear them for a bit longer!!!! seriously the best purchase
This top is adorable
Fits as expected. No complaints. 😊
I bought this for my husband's 60th birthday he put on on for his birthday party and again two days later. He loved it. It did well when it was washed.
I need something to hold my new prescription glasses - I wanted to protect my Coach glasses and this was perfect. Double protection and great to toss in beach bag
I like the softness and length. It is also light but not too thin.
I have a hard time with off shoulder shirts sometimes, it seems like they want to ride up onto my shoulders. This shirt didn't do that at all, it stayed exactly where it should be. I even danced in it. I love the sleeve accents and the lace, the shirt makes me feel very pretty. I adore it.
Love it can be used for any special occasion or just want to feel sexy
The fabric material of this shirt is soft and flowy and the color doesnt fade when washed but the size does run small and its snug from the chest area so i would suggest ordering 1 size larger than what you usually wear. I personally really liked the ribbon tie that came with it... You can style it in different ways as you can see in the pictures attached.
Very warm and fit great
Good quality, you won't be disappointed!
I love these bras- BUT i received a black one with white deodorant marks on the pits! So that was a little startling! Sent it back and re ordered another. I hope i don't get the deodorant one again!
I really like these socks and have purchased several sets over the past few months. While I ordered the ones pictured, I did not receive the colors I thought I had ordered (as noted by other buyers). That is ok and I will not deduct a point for that, as it is not the seller that I am rating. The socks stay put, are comfortable, and look absolutely adorable with boots. Great product.
Great product. Arrived quickly, works as advertised.
This is my second time ordering this product I am 55 168 pounds I purchased a large it when I got to that their role I purchased a medium and it is what it looks like. I'm sorry I couldn't get the video but here's a picture of me in a large
Love these socks! I'm still wearing them after labor and delivery.
I wore this throughout the winter. SO comfy! Fits perfect!
I got these in white. I just hiked in them. I'm 8 months pregnant and they form fit right to me without being too tight on the baby which is very important! I can also tell that they will easily fit me when I'm not pregnant. I'm 5'7, 170 lbs. normally am 145-150 when not pregnant. The white isn't see through at all. Material is thick. And so so comfy! I WILL order this in other colors and maybe double up on the white pair!
The price and quality very good
fantastic belt, if you prefer a leather belt that's firm this is not for you. this soft feel is very smooth and comfortable.
Nice coin purse and just the right size!
I bought this for a huge WWE fan. He loved it and showed it off to his big sister.
Great product I swear a lot and this helps on special occasions when I wear a suit. Only dislike is the deep deep v neck
great quality! would recommend
this is the most perfect nightshirt I've had in years... I'm about a 12/14 and go L or XL - this was an XL and it was perfect and even looks cute. The fabric is a little heavier weight so I can actually show myself to houseguests without feeling naked. I'll order a couple more!!
dont know about the protection , but a great fitting walet! i like the fact that the compartments are vertical
Loved the colors. The fit was perfect. Would order again.
Love these. My go to for gym socks.
I loved these! They fit great and were actually flattering. I did wear a bra underneath them because they don't have any padding, but they had the same type of clasp of my bras so it was easy.
My daughter looks beautiful It's perfect Am using it as tinker bell dress
This is a really nice belt. Good product
Love this dress! Fits perfectly and I've gotten so many compliments
They are a little loose, but very comfy. Just what I wanted.
These are great no-show socks. They stay on my feet nicely. The fit is right and they are super soft & comfy.
I love the flexfit band, and was glad to find these!
My daughter loved this outfit it was comfortable and she could still play and run in it!
I got this shirt for my 8 year old. He loves it! I'm pretty fond of it too. The shirt is good quality material and the printing is spot on. The medium is a little big for my lean 8 year old but the length is perfect. 1 wash/dry in there is no change in shape or size of the shirt. 5 stars for sure!
Nice fit. Very comfortable.
This is the most comfortable article of clothing I own!!! I get so many compliments when I wear it 😊
I never by clothes online because I'm scared that I won't like them. I'm glad I took a risk on this one! Super comfy, not see through, fits as expected.
I needed a nice winter top for just hanging out on vacation. It is perfect, thick and warm. It was great for 40 degree weather of course with a jacket. A good buy.
Love them! Cuter in person than the picture! Fits well, the feet and mittens are perfect, and the fabric feels wonderful!
Love this shirt! Wish it came in other colors, I would get more colors. I liked it so much that I bought 2 more to gift out. It's so soft and comfortable, I love wearing it. Thank you for a great product! And I love the fact that it's made from coffee!
Was given as a gift to my father in law he love his hat he wears it all the time.
Gift for husband - knew he would love it
My grandson loved it Sized perfectly.
For a similar price to mid-tier adhesive bras, theses babies provide a reasonable coverage and a modest lift (they hold your breast closer together). They're comfy to wear and are quite gentle when you're ready to take them off. I like that they taper outwards, similar to a bra. Hopefully it lasts awhile, will update if anything changes. One concern I have is how long the plastic clasp will last, but overall, I'm satisfied with this purchase and find it to be a good value.
Good quality. Just hard to find a bra that works with it. Probably need to go with a strapless one.
Love it and fits as it should be!
High quality, I like them alot.
Great, comfy, no padding but still great lift, keeps everything in place, easy on/off. Bought another one right away! I am a 34DD in bras so I bought this in 36DD for some give, and it was perfect. I am also very short so need a lot of tightness in the shoulders and they adjust far enough to stay put.
I love how this shirt feels. I just wish it was pleated in the front.
Fantastic jacket! Looks exactly like the picture and fits true to size. It arrived on time too!
This dress fits perfectly!
Only used for one day so far, but met expectations. Very soft and light which is what I wanted. Will use for sailing and motorcycle riding this summer to protect from sun. Will hang dry as I expect pilling would happen in dryer given material composition.
I accidentally burnt my mums lulu shirt and was desperate to find a replacement because it was her favourite. Was surprised to find this, took a chance and ordered it because it looks almost identical to the one she had and she LOVES it! The material is so soft and comfy she says so I'm thrilled. Thank you!
Fit and quality very impressive
Exactly what I was looking for a light weight jacket. Fits my 10 year old well but will probably not 2 seasons out of it.
Really good shorts I've done a lot of work in them and they hold up well I've had these shorts for two years still haven't wore them out GOD is love
Beautiful dress and great price!
Very comfortable and soft.
Great fitting shirt, and great price
So far so good, I bought this baby boy clothes set for my little boy, the quality is flexible but it was good, my son is 6 month, I think what I bought this set can fit from 5 month to 1 year old, so I like this clothes set so far.
A wallet that fits all my IDs and credit cards!
This is the best wallet I have ever had. All my credit cards fit in it, and it has the RFID, which I really like. Nice leather!
My husband is so pleased with this hat. It's his favorite brand. Great find!
Lots of compliments and very comfy.
These are the best socks I ever wore when running. I actually purchased another pack.
Very cute. Can be used for kids or adults. Happy customer!
It's like described, cute and size is perfect. Only flaw for me is how my top makes my chest Look flat. Still love it...fast shipping too!
My husband loves them, Christmas Vacation is his favorite movie, these are perfect for his Christmas pajamas this year.
Girlfriend loved this
I'm about a size 14 and this over up made me feel so sexy. I loved it!
I'm not a ruffle person, but this dress is super sexy and I receive compliments on it every time I wear it.
The headline says it all. The case is just what I was looking for in terms of functionality and color and was shipped very promptly!!
Perfect shirt! Great quality looks super cute on. I ordered a large, I do wish I got a medium it's a tad big. For reference I am 5'3 165 and I usually go between and medium and large depending on the shirt.
It has flaps that go over your hands to imitate flippers. A nice surprise!
Beautiful, however was not the right color for me. I am purchasing another one in a different color.
My first Superman cape! Fits great. Excellent quality. Wore it on top of Pulpit Rock in Norway and got many complements about it! Highly recommended!
Love these leggings. The fit is great, they hold in your tummy without it being uncomfortable at all. I wear them mostly lounging around the house or running errands, so can't comment on the workout aspect. For sizing reference: I'm a size 12 and typically an L/XL in leggings, got the L in these and they fit perfectly. Planning to order more soon.
Fit great my daughter loves it!!
This is my first slim wallet after 20+ years with the bifold and trifold types. I always find it so funny though checking to see that I have it in my pocket since it don't have any bulk to it. I really like it and its fits all my important cards and IDs and more than enough cash.
I just received the cheetah bathing suit in the mail and WOW i am shocked. First off the quality is amazing especially for the price, it looks so high end. And it fits me perfectly. I have such a hard time finding bathing suits, i never normally like any on me, but this one is just so flattering and i am so happy. I am normally a XS, S in bathing suit bottoms and the small fits perfect. And i am normally a medium in tops but i got the small and it fits a little snug, but nothing bad i am still going to wear it. 10/10 recommend and going to buy a few more because i love it so much.
I loved this dress..it fits beautifully...sewed well and very comfortable...
high quality for such a low price, durable.
Great driving gloves
this is such a nice sweater. I have gotten in black and gray, it is thick and warm and perfectly fitted.
Great purchase! Durable, thick, excellent quality. Have washed it 6 times now and still holds color and quality.
great looking product
It's very cute and soft but I haven't used it yet because the winter doesn't start in my state yet
I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them. He said they're already his favorite pair!
Material/product is soft and is as shown.
I was super happy to get this dress. The blue color is very pretty. Kind of a Smokey blue. The fabric feels great on and I really like the way it hangs on me. This dress is super comfy to wear and I will be able to dress it up or dress it down depending on the occasion. I highly recommend this dress.
Bought a 3T and a 12 for my sons and they fit perfectly (my oldest typically wears a 10/12 in shirts). Really great material and looks amazing on them
Great quality and fits perfectly
Love this skirt!! I received lots of complements on it. It fit well and I love that it has pockets in it. I will be ordering more in more colors! If your looking for the perfect midi skirt, this is the one!
It is the best quality and really worth it
I plan to purchase more from this company. The scarf is beautiful and well made. I received the scarf quickly and am very happy it.
This was a very cute costume for our 1.5 yr old. The shell easily Velcro's with a belt which was great for getting in the car seat.
Love them all. Very pretty and great quality
Love it! Beautifully made. I would definitely size down at least one size-maybe 2. Super warm & would totally recommend for both dress & casual. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Awesome shirt and stickers. My daughter loves it. Fast shipping.
The dress is stretchy and beautiful. I love it! Fits as expected
Order this dress! Just do it! I got one, lost weight, so had to order a smaller one! Plan to order more when it gets warm again in an even smaller size. One of my fave dresses!
Keeps my feet warm and dry during my hikes.
They were the perfect fit for my son.
Love the shirt I've already got compliments over it.
It was the perfect fit! I'm so happy with this!
Fits very comfortably! 160lbs 5'6” large fits perfect, love how its thinner fabric
These are the hit of all our parties we have at our house. We make ice balls, and put the excess in a ziplock bag so everyone can have them in their drinks. Recommended
Little large for my head but I have a smaller head. But seriously. I don't write many reviews but this... This hat is amazing. I love these hats. The interior is a soft touch, warm and strong suture material, the appearance of thick, soft, but still tough, very nice. I'm going to buy some of these hats again.
So cute! Looks great, fits well, and is comfortable. I like that it's a little longer so it feels like a bralette that can be worn like a crop top. That's what I wanted.
Good price for what you're getting
Love how slim and small this wallet gets! Tried different ones (including the other Bellroy) but find them too big.
Product arrived on time and was as described
Absolutely love this swimsuit! I'm 5'4” 126lbs and got a M. It was a little loose for me as I like my swimsuit a bit snug.
I love the fact that the pajamas looked just like the picture only thing it's more burgundy than red.
Perfect color to match my coat. Nice and cozy!
My son loved his glasses they are very flexible buy this product they're greet glasses you will not be disappointed
Wife loves how they fit and are comfortable to wear
I should bought this earlier! When I first found this, I doubted the quality since this is too cheap compared with the one I bought from Motherhood - at lest $17 each with discount which is too small when my due date coming, so I finally bought 3 Bravado bras after delivery since nursing drove me crazy at the first month, I really need something comfortable - with discount and gift card, still need $32 each, later I found I still need more bras, and Bravado seems too expensive as there is no pain when nursing, I finally wanted to try this, the time I got it, I was so surprised with the quality, even though it is not as good as Bravado, but it is really worth the money even batter than the one I got from Motherhood, I should buy this earlier, I could have saved a lot of money!!! I would recommend when someone want something comfortable and affordable!
This is a great dress. Really nice and professional looking. Falls nice, cute style I'm so glad I found it. Can't beat the price.
my daughter really loved this dress. i ordered it for her Christmas concert she was having. the buttons were a little loose but its an easy fix.
My granddaughter loved these leggings.
I like that this little medium size dress is tropical, sexy and modest at the same time. Im a 36C and had good bust coverage-I wore a sports bra/t shirt bra and slipped out of the shoulder string straps and just tucked them in to the bra-worked great. Im 5'4 and the dress comes down to the top of my knees. It is so feminine with the big bow tie in the keyhole back. I have washed it and it did not shrink. I wore it to Hawaii with flats.
I purchased both these and the straight legged one but these Y shirt stay are amazing!!! I work in a men's fashion retail store and we sold these at home point and I thought they were silly, so I have never used shirt stays and always have issues with my shirts being untucked and coming out! I was given these to try out for my honest opinion and WOW!!! Now I see why military use these!! These are really comfortable and help keep not only your shirt down and tucked in good but they help keep your socks up too!!! These don't show through your pants and they stretch a good deal and do not fall down! These have not pulled on my leg hairs or anything either!!! They are flush to your skin and really thin I highly recommend!!! At least try them! I'm now planning on purchasing more!! MY only negative was that one of the clips did end up breaking upon opening it, however I emailed the seller and they emailed me right back within 15 minutes and are sending me a new one!! A+++++ Service!!!
Good quality i will them & all colors
Grandson loved this shirt
Love this! Just what I was looking for. It looks cute and fits great.
It fits perfectly to the person I bought this for a gift!
Nice and soft. Keeps my parts where they should be.
A gift for my boyfriend and he loves Rick and Morty! Looks just like the picture and is a cotton material
My son likes his shirt. Fits perfectly. Will probably buy a few more in the future.
Love them. Delivery was like next day. Quality is unbeatable for the price. Will be buying more.
Bought this on a whim because it had no reviews yet but it's actually really cute and good quality! I went TTS with a small and I'm normally a size 2-4.
Bought this shirt for my husband. Looks as pictured and the design is good quality. True to size, fits as expected, and he has no complaints.
I ordered per the size chart and they fit absolutely amazing! I wasn't expecting an online bra to fit this well so I am definitely surprised! I used to spend hours at store after store, so once I found one I bought those and only those. These changed the game! Hooray for not doing laundry every 3 days!
For some reason, I've never tried a Playtex 18 hour bra. Well, after wearing this one a time or two, I can only say, boy have I been missing out. This beauty fulfills every expectation and, yes, hope, for lifting and separating. And, it does it with comfort and style. So, here's my review/recommendation: I like it so well, I've ordered 3 more. I like it a lot!
Best - very soft & comfortable Least - tie come off in the wash
super fast shipping good quality
I am a person who likes comfort, fit and cotton. The first time I purchased a pack was directly from a store and then I couldn't find them until I saw them on Amazon. I ended up buying 2 more packages. They are not too thin, do not crawl up and have a great fit without being a granny panty. I highly recommend. I will be purchasing more in the future. They wash and wear well and last a long time.
This turned out amazing!! The cap fit perfectly and arrived on time. I looked like my kid did not have hair. Looked like i was looking at my husband, him being bald, it was freaky! I would highly recommend this. It is cheap, looks good and feels good.
I brought an XXL (I am a size 16) because I thought this dress ran small. It actually runs as expected because I had to return the XXL and re-order the XL. The dress fits beautifully and I love it.
Ordered one for adult son with lawn service. He lost it (found it later) and wanted another one. I've ordered 3 now (one for myself too). The price is very reasonable,...especially compared to better known brand names! It's cool and protective. I love it and my son loves his too! Very good purchase.....all 3!
As a nursing mom I tried this...it's so comfortable and easy. The material is nice too. I would recommend this if you're looking for a nursing bra.
These are the warmest ever! I'm getting more. My family members want them too!
This is great! It may seem loose in the waist, but it is so comfortable, and lays flat against your tummy and upper legs, giving a very flattering look without having something too tight in the belly. I love the length too, short enough to be stylish, but still appropriate for work. Thanks so much, will be ordering from this brand again!
I like it. It's perfect for my needs. I use it for work.
Gave these as a gift. She said she liked them so my review is based of that.
I love my hat. It seems to be of great quality and it looks really cute.
I wear these skirts for my golf league every week and they are so cute. fits well and seems like a great deal for the price.
So comfortable and soft! Highly recommend
I love everything about this jumpsuit! It fits perfectly and the color is great (brick red).
I really like this outfit. Following the size pattern , I ordered an extra large and it was very big. I reordered by taking the advice of some of the reviewers and got a medium. This outfits runs big.So this time I ordered another color,pink in medium
Bought for my dad for his birthday. He loves bow ties and has quite the collection but didn't have anything like this. He loved it and got a bunch of compliments when he wore to work.
Really comfortable and true to size. I am a 42 C.
I custom ordered this shirt to wear for my first day of school (teacher). Everyone loved the shirt and we will be ordering in bulk soon. I love this shirt!
These are great value for the money. Love the built in panty! Covers to about mid thigh. I will buy again.
Love it. Glad I sized up though!
Wore it on a onesie bar crawl - so comfy and loved the zipper. Made it much easier to get in and out of.
Love this . My baby looked awesome wearing this tiger romper. Excellent looking and good product .
Got this shirt for my 5 year old daughter and she LOVES it!!! Washed it one time and still looks good :)
I love the "Ami&Li tots Super Lightweight Child Adjustable Ultrathin Sunhat for Baby Girl Boy Kids Toddler UPF 50". It is super lightweight. Since it is so lightweight I am grateful that it has a tightening chin strap so that it will stay on if it is windy outside. The material is very comfortable to wear. I am pleased with my purchase.
I've had difficulty in the wallets I have purchased in the past. This wallet lives up to the design and the promotion.It's compact, holds all my credit cards and is easy to access. Fits well within my pocket and is easy to access.
This skirt fits perfectly and is just the right length
Very soft and warm for on your ear. Feels good to war it. Good quality. Will add more reviews when test it longer.
I LOVE THESE! I got them in this gray color first & then bought 2 more colors because I just loved how they fit. I am 5'4" & 145lbs & I got a large size & they fit great. They're super flattering & can be dressed up or down depending on what you choose to wear with them. One of my fave purchases on Amazon!
Love love love. Fit is as expected. Light and flattering summer pants
Awesome job! We got these for my daughter's high school student council election. They looked really nice. Excellent quality, excellent service. Super fast shipping! Ps. She won!
Exactly how it was shown!
This is a great top. The quality was better than expected and the sleeves don't ride up. I wore it on a date and it stayed put all night. It is softer than expected!
Got so many compliments on this outfit. Baby girl looked comfy and happy! Definitely purchasing more colors
These rights hold in my fat oh so well. And they are warm for cold days!
Loves this outfit! Color was perfect! Looks like it does in the picture
Great fabric. Fits perfectly and is a loose fitting shirt beautiful colors aswell.
Got these for my wife... she LOVES them. They look great and apparently are super comfy. Just ordered another pair in a different color.
I bought this kind of no show socks for wearing dress shoes in many stores. But those I bought is the best one I got so far. They fit my feet perfectly and most importantly they don't slip at all. You don't have to keep pull it back to your heel from time to time any mire. I shared this item with my friends and highly recommend it!!
I'm 5'2, wear a size 0, weigh 100 lbs and I'm a 36 C. I was worried about the shorts being to big if i ordered the medium.. or the top being to small if I ordered the small, as I am petite and busty. Took a chance on the small and looked hella amazing in it! My arms felt comfortable, and I was able to keep them on without cutting it like follower customers have stated. Love the fact that you can adjust the top to fit your bust! Quality looks amazing and not cheap either. I'm critical in attire and I must say this was nice! Buy it. If your measurements are similar to mine buy the small : )
You will be absolutely in love with this romper!! I had so many compliments on it and it is truly gorgeous. I ordered a size up due to I'm taller and I wanted to be sure it covered my butt. It is soft material and is see through. I love love love this romper and I would definitely recommend it to everyone!
Beautiful! Arrived on time and packaged well! Highly recommend!!
Looks expensive and exactly as the picture,even better! Love Love Love them!
This is the best purchase that I have done and it fits me great, you have to purchases some really cool jeans here.
Everything was prefect!!!
My husband has numerous problems with his feet, including ulcers on his toes from hammer toe. These socks are light and fit perfectly., Recommended for diabetic feet,
I love this shirt! I am 5'2 with a busty chest and i ordered a large and it fit perfect! Def a great shirt for a casual night out! :)
Bag is great just as it was described.
This is so authentic looking everybody loved it at the Halloween party that I went to, I am glad I really purchased it.
The fabric is so soft and I enjoy it very much I were xl sometime xxl but the xl is perfect and I'm 220 lb 5.4 ft. U can dress it up or dress it down and what a good about the dress it's light weight good for travel
I love this suit! I bought this for my honeymoon in Hawaii.
Love this shirt. Colors are vibrant. Fit is as expected. Material is soft and comfortable.
I'm super weary of buying swimsuits online so I rely a lot on reviews and vowed to review the suits I bought online for people like me. I honestly love this suit and it was very flattering on me. There's enough fabric on the top flap to cover any belly problem areas like a tankini, but the suit itself is more like a bikini. The bottoms don't ride up or down like a lot of control-top bottoms do and they don't give you a wedgie. Pattern and coloring were exactly like in the picture.
I only buy shirts with two front pockets, Dress shirt only has one but the rest must have two pockets, one for my cell telephone and one for my glasses. I haven't worn the shirt yet but I did try it on and if fits great.
Bright, cheerful, and fun! Great price as well. Wore this to a wedding and received so many compliments.
Best wallet i havr bought.
My 11 year old is rough on socks, these last !
My wife likes the way it fits
Like it and I use it for work.
Thank you, have it on RIGHT NOW.... Love It!
This belt is not leather but the construction and detail are nice.
These are the best. Super soft, true to size. Thought they were going to be translucent, and ordered anyway but they have the right amount of translucency. I love them!!
This is my favorite shapewear. The high waist is perfect and it doesn't roll down.
Good fit and good quality, at a great price
Easy to put on. My wife is wheelchair bound. We dress her in bed and this is much easier to put on with the front snaps. Fits good too.
This is a great looking vest and looks classy. I am going to order the grey vest!!
This dress is so great! Was a bit long, but was easy to hem. Fabric is lightweight and breathable, perfect for hot humid summer days! Is a bit see through but looks great with a slip underneath. My favorite maxi dress this season!
These are super comfy and the pocket is perfect for my phone when I'm working out. I'm 5'1 and most pants are too long, but these were just right.
I love these pants so much that I ordered two pair;olive green and ivory! They are are so comfy and so stylish! Tracey of Georgia
Product was exactly as described. Came quick.
Inner lining keeps your head warm.
Beautiful well made dress.
It's a great product to workout in. Did not shrink when washed and fits as expected.
The beanie is very helpful when I walk out, i can listen music, especially when I do exercise in winter, it keep my head warm and provide the music conveniently.
Stylish and useful great quality
For my great grand-granddaughter ... but she will grow into them.
A little large for what it says, but ok since it keeps me warm in moderately chilly weather. We'll see how long these hold up.
It is a gift for Christmas; but the quality looks very nice.
It fit good but still a little small around the cup area other than that I love the racerback breathable back. It's perfect for working out or for everyday for a mom like me lol
Amazing quality shirt! Super soft and the screen printing was solid and vibrant! 10/10 would recommend
my step brother liked it
These pants are awesome. They protect your legs very well for welding. If you use your knees for low level welding, brick work, tiling, carpets or roofing, your knees will wear out before these pants do.
Holds up my pants and looks great, if you want some tactical looking suspenders these are hard to beat at this price!
Ordered size small in blue. I'm about 5'8, 150 lbs with more of an athletic build. This dress fits perfectly. The color is more vibrant than I thought it would be but I love it. Fabric is pretty good quality and there is a little stretch in it, but very comfortable. Very happy with this purchase.
This is the only wallet I buy...
Love these! A bit see through I noticed but not bad. However the pockets are amazing. Fit is good and length is mid calf on me. I'm 5' 3".
Shirt is exactly like the photo. I don't usually wear crop tops so it feels short to me. I have a small chest and ordered a medium and it covers me up. Not sure how well it would work if you have a large chest
Got this pair of flannels as a holiday gift for my husband and he loved them. The colors are great and the flannels are very soft.
also great decoration for nephew's "tornado themed party
Awesome for guys who are tall, slim, and have long arms!
Finally, a camisole that does not stick to the top shirt when layering. These feel silky and are just the right weight. The white is a little see through but not too thin. I can wear it modestly under a semi sheer white summer blouse. I would not wear these alone but they are great as an undergarment.
The lace is very good quality and I was surprised that the tutu was lined. Very nice extra touch. Very good craftsmanship.
This dress is beautiful. I live the pockets and it is very comfortable. It's perfect for any occasion.
These are amazing! I'm a lululemon lover, just because they are snug in all the right places and make my butt look great! These are a spot on dupe!
Extremely comfortable which says a lot coming from me. I find it very hard to find shirts that for me right when in in my 8th month and this covers my stomach comfortably!
Great quality and exactly what I was hoping for. The ID window is very convenient.
I love this tank! It comes as pictured and fits as expected. I like that the shirt covers the shoulders. The print is almost like a sticker that was ironed on. I am not sure what the correct terminology is that for it, but it did not come off and or change in the wash. It is a fun shirt! would buy from this company again.
Great design and super soft
I ordered this in black last year, and I wore it with a black and white polka dot skirt - It went beyond my expectations, it looked really good on me to the point that earlier this Summer I ordered the same blouse in white this time and wore it with another black and white print skirt and I loved it. Two go to blouses for me.
I finally bought a box of these after tiring of hunting for the little plastic ones that come with shirts. There is a range 3 sizes and a good amount of each. This is a staple every shirt wearer should own.
14 year old grandson appreciated Grandpa shopping for him to purchase a gift for his Dad. Grandsons' means are limited.
Seems to be great quality! Husband was surprised that it was so cheap!
My purchase is perfect. I wear my I.D holder everyday at work.
My husband says that this is a great SPF shirt - not to bulky and doesn't feel like a rash guard - no skin irritation
I am 5'6” 175 lbs and the XL fit perfect. Comfortable enough for the weekend- cute enough for work. Love it!
We did have a problem with receiving a delivery confirmation when it hadn't been delivered, but they did a quick turnaround with a refund. I quickly purchased it again and one arrived in a matter of days.
Great no show socks. I bought the men's due to the fact I have a wide foot and they are a perfect fit. I was looking for neutral colors also - didn't want pink, neon or other colors that my husband won't be interested in as he can wear these also. Thin, stretchy and comfortable- almost forgot I had them on.
This jacket is super cute, warm, and fits like an oversized jacket if you size up (I usually wear an XS/S in outerwear so I got a medium). The only weird thing was I got it in a box that I didn't think would fit such a fluffy jacket until I opened it and saw they had vacuum-sealed it and I was confused for a bit about what it was that I received. It wasn't wrinkled or anything and I just had to fluff it back up
Awesome Blouse! Everyone asked where I bought it! I may purchase different colors!
Perfect fit. I purchased an XL. Criss Cross is slightly revealing but not too bad.
Nice quality, great product.
I like that they fit perfectly
Perfect fit and well made. Worth the money.
Loved them. Was scared they would be to skinny in the legs but, nope. Fit good
Item was great and described perfectly. Wore it for a Halloween costume and it went well together with my outfit!
i totally love this product, it is by far the most suitable stocking i have owned since pregnancy. i absolutely love it.
I really like the scarf and the quality is good.
I bought this dress for a halloween costume, ended up being something else and returned everything else, but then I tried this on and was in love with it!! Like everyone says, it fits really any shape or size of woman, truly. It has a silky/stretchy feel to it. I get so many compliments every time I wear it.
very cute but it did not come with with the red hat
For many years a ripped ear hole has made it a real problem for wearing pierced earrings because one always hangs lower than the other. Having surgery to repair the rip was never an option for me. I was looking online and I saw this and I can now wear earrings again because of these!
Very soft docks, great fit!
Great quality and print is the highest of quality
I LOVE this bra. It is very comfortable and gives me the support (34DD) that I have never had in a strapless bra. I have only had it for a few weeks and have worn it several times. This is the most expensive bra that I have ever owned but worth every penny!
I absolutely love this sports bra it's made with quality material, I love the design and it's very comfortable. I highly recommend it, you won't regret.
Fits well in my body size and made from a good quality materials
Love these. Work great
all nice and saved me lots of money for the set.
It's very comfortable for being a postpartum wrap. I bought one from motherhood for double the price I spent on this one and it's very uncomfortable but this one is really soft and does the job! Worth the money I spent.
Perfect for every day wear for my 5 year old
This is that perfect fall long sleeved shirt that you can wear with shorts, you know for that in-between weather. The waffle texture gives it an added dimension and the fabric allows it to lay ever so nicely. It's not thick, and you could absolutely use to layer. I chose brick red, and the color looks just like the picture. To me, it definitely looks more mauve than red. It's also nice and long so it will look cute partially tucked in. I'm really happy with it, and just may have to purchase another.
Beautiful swimwear, perfect size! Little issues with the shipping but I got it and loved it.
Everything about this dress was perfect! Quality is excellent.
I love this scarf. I love how long and thick it is. There are so many styles you can do with this scarf. I wear mine daily.
Perfect for my daughter's dance class.
Product came too large but seller was accommodating in sending me a smaller size for free. If you're going to purchase, purchase one size down. Product does the job.
Love the fit and feel, looks great, I have in multiple colors
Arrived on time as promised. Perfect fit.
Fit is spot on, I ordered my regular size. Pants are cut for a woman. Waist is comfortably above hip bones, but not too low. Comfy, especially with stretch built in. My larger cell phone fits in cargo pocket.
Exactly what I was hoping for, love it!!
LOVE! Perfect fit for me! I'm built like a box & this was perfect for me! Maybe could've used another 1/4" in the waist, but I'll take it! SOOO pleased with my purchase! I can now wear my suit on the beach & not feel totally embarrassed!
This product is simple and perfect for intended use. I will be ordering every color!
It was my perfect size.
These glasses fit so good! I love how thin the sides are! They are just perfect
Great top. I have order 3 different tops like this with the sports bra attached. This one is the best to me. It is very soft and comfortable. I ordered the L because in the photos it looks snug on the hips which is not my preference but im a 36B. It worked out. The bra isnt really tight, but not loose at all. The medium i think would have been fine, but a tighter bra fit, but then the whole shirt may have been tight. Even in the Large, the fit on me is not loose. Im 150, 5'4", athletic build. Its a nice comfortable fit. I feel like i will be able to run in this one and not have it ride up on me which is what happens when the tops are too snug on the hips. I will definitely buy more of this one. I got the purple. It is as pictured. Hope this helps :-)
This is the first time I've ever left a product review, but because I'm so very very pleased with these adorable headbands I couldn't pass up the opportunity to leave my comments! These little headbands exceeded my expectation: they're quality made, super soft on my baby's head (she didn't even reach to pull it off at all!!), and did I mention they're SUPER adorable?! I'm regretting not finding them months ago!!! (Baby's 7 months old). My only wish now is that they came in every colour under the rainbow :) ...but am absolutely loving the set colours they DO come in ;)
Cool glasses would buy again
I absolutely love this sweater. High quality, heavy knit. Very flattering and seems like it will last for years to come. Beautiful.
Thin enough to wear your round. Flows behind you when you walk.
Love them. I went braless after buying these!
great ugly sweater party shirt to wear!
Has held up and my daughter loves it!
I got this for a Halloween party and it's great! Fits wonderfully. I did get a petticoat to make it poofy and I recommend getting one. The only complaint I have it the hat- it's a very weird shape. I'll just buy a separate hat for the next time I decide to wear it.
Love these. So easy to wash too
Lovely fabric and quality construction at a fantastic price. I could go on and on about how great these pajamas are. I would definitely buy more.
Wore these to a yacht rock concert. So much fun!
No slip, comfortable. I purchased similar socks at other store, but always slip from the heel, but this one not slip. That's what I want.
These are really nice. They stay in place really nicely and work great in sneakers or booties. They might be a bit too big for some flats and stick over the sides.
Can't wait to order more
These socks are awesome
Unusual, funky comfortable dress. You can cinch it with a belt or leave it loose with leather jacket and chunky heels (I used Lucky brand). I'm 6.0 tall and slender. Medium worked for me.
Light weight and comfortable women's socks.
Fits as expected, love my Deadpool shirt ❤️
Felt, looked, smelled, and tasted as advertised.
Cool, comfortable, perfect fit, and the price is right.
I had bought a tux on eBay that didn't come with a shirt. This fit very nicely and was a great value for the money. No one could tell I got this cheaply on Amazon. I only need to wear a tux a few times a year, so perfect value.
Super cute!! Everyone loved it!! I got a medium and im usually a large and it fit well. A large would have been too big so size down.
Super comfy. These run a little small but they are warm and great for lighter glove options.
Bought these for a friend and she said they are awesom!! Very warm and comfortable.
Amazing quality! Fits perfectly. I'm 5'2” 155 pounds and got a medium. Perfect fit ! Lined which is nice.
My wife bought this hoodie! It's pretty and fits true to size.
This is a comfortable, low-impact sports bra. It won't hold up for serious cardio, but for yoga or hiking, it's perfect!
Very flattering! Love it
Absolutely fantastic. High quality, comfortable fit and feel, and THEY STAY UP! Keep in mind, if you're wearing loose-fitting shoes that slide off your heel when you walk, they could pull the sock down with it, as these are cut so low. However, if you have proper-fitting shoes (that aren't sliding off your feet with every step), these socks should stay in place all day. In terms of appearance, they completely disappear with all but my lowest-cut shoes. As a result, I bought a ton of these in various colors.
The material is light and very comfortable. The colors are exact to the picture shown!
Bought these for my husband and he loves them
Fits well, looks nice, nice material.
Excellent quality, shipped promptly. Very happy.
These are my fave leggings. They fit great.
Very comfortable. I like these pants very much!
Very soft, comfortable with lots of compartments
This belt is perfect if you wear with jeans or slacks that have belt loops. Tried it out new on a 6-day trip and I used it every day. It was wonderful. Never had that open-back gaping problem that I usually have with pants that fit my hips but are always too large for my waist. I ordered the black in plus size and would order again if there were more plus-size colors.
Fit as expected, fast shipping, great price.
Fit just about as well as I could have expected, and served its purpose (people gave compliments on it and it fit the theme of the get together)
One of my boyfriend's favorite Christmas gifts. Great fit, and they look really nice. He's been wearing them every day this winter
This kimono is exactly as shown in the photos! I absolutely love the bright colors. I paired it with an outfit similar to the one shown in the photo. Perfect for summer evenings! Because it's just "one size fits all," it's a bit oversized, but still adorable!
My wife loves it! Just the right weight for summer!
These dresses are awesome! Modest, comfortable --I am seeing them on women and girls everywhere. I have 3 and am always asked where I bought them. The right size compliments almost every body type.
It has nice shape and integrity. The shape isn't full cowboy but leaning that way which was exactly what I wanted. I like the drawstring feature to keep hat on in a wind or in a boat. It is foldable but not squishable though you could probably reshape it pretty well if needed.
Just what I needed to go on cruise. Great price!
Cute design! My grandson loves wearing this style pants around the house. He really liked them. He said they were very soft and comfortable.
This shirt is perfect. I absolutely love it - bought it in another color after the grey was so cute. I am 6'3, and the shirt is plenty long. Soft material, and just the right amount of sexy. I wear it with a bralette underneath and it is adorable.
Didn't care much for the padding. Great fit once I removed the padding. Very comfortable.
Very pretty. Gift for my granddaughter.
So cute, I got lots of compliments on it. The headband is more comfortable then most.
Wooooo!!!! No disappointment!! Size Large!
Super comfy, and love the pockets. Use it daily for workout
My son picked this out online. He will be very happy come Dec 25th. It is very good quality.
I Love, Love, Love them!!!! I have small hands and could never find a decent size that would comfortably fit me in a women glove, but these are perfect, not too big, not too small, just right!!!!! Would definitely order again, hands down!!!!!
I bought this glove for my boyfriend. It's large enough for a men and maybe too large for a women's hand. It's warm, and can prevent the wind and cold air going into my hands. The good quality is the reason I give five stars.
Great fit and awesome quality.
As I ordered the XL I was expecting it to be a little thicker, but honestly it looks great. I have a 10ft tree so I am back here ordering more. (8) total to fit the tree. Overall, I recommend! Looks just like snow!
Just received these in the mail today. They are really soft and comfortable. I ordered a M. I'm 5' and approximately 120 pounds. It's a little loose but they are comfortable for sleeping. In my opinion the material quality is very good. Not thin at all.
Super cute but didnt come with the front tie.
Fit perfect, very comfortable Have them on right now..
Product works even better than expected. Size runs a little but small, usual use Medium and had to orde Large.
Grabbed this shirt when it was on sale to wear to my birthday dinner! Soft and super comfortable. Not necessarily flowy but also not skin tight! Would purchase again!
I really love this product. I use to use the shirt stays that fit the round black thingy in the small metal thingy. That broke so many times and would undo itself that it would drive me crazy. When I saw these I had to try them. I first started not to get them because the shipping was stupid expensive, but seeing that I should not need another pair for quite some time, I guess the shipping cost was worth it. These shirt stays are easy to use. Clip it and forget it... There is no snagging on leg hair, no hurting your thumb pushing the little black thingy in like the old style, it stays in place, and keeps the shirt tuck in all day helping me to look slim and fit, even tho I may not be... lol. They are with the purchase!
Like the look of them, Thought I ordered a different pattern but that might have been my fault. They're comfortable and nice looking. Helps with the swelling in my legs.
Love it. Can't wait for baby to come.
It fits a 14 to 15 foot perfect. I am so happy I purchased!
I haven't worn them yet, but I did try a pair on and they fit like a glove. LOVING the color and pattern variations, and the feel of these are excellent!
Excellent quality fits great. Size 6-8, medium was perfect.
Our daughter loves it. Colorful, nice light, yet durable fabric.
These are so incredibly comfortable. I work 12 hour days with constant movement and physical activity and these made the long day a bit easier. Totally buying more.
Super great they went up my thigh and stayed there!! Didnt budge an inch and no snags or anything very sturdy and pretty
Comfortable fit, forgiving, good for weekend errands, still stylish
Awesome! Gets kind of heavy with 6 full beers but they fit nicely in the pouches.
My husband wore these this week and said they are the best sock he's ever owned! Kept him warm at work where the temps got to freezing and when it was warm during the afternoon, they kept his feet dry and comfy. I'll be buying him more.
These fit perfectly. As a nurse in her 3rd trimester of pregnancy I needed something to help keep the swelling down and these work perfect!
Looks great, fits great. Was worried after reading reviews here about sizes being small. I'm a medium, medium fit perfectly all the way around.
Absolutely love these bras! I will definitely buy again fits perfectly!
Just as described! Daughter loved it!
I get so many compliments when I've worn this dress
The best fit my 4 year old great. Ordered medium and definitely glad I didn't order a small.
Beautiful! I usually wear a size 6 and ordered a small and it fits perfectly. The color is brighter than the picture appears. Not too low cut but. Wearing a camisole.
Using these shorts for summer hiking, water sports and vacation in Hawaii. I like the length and comfort!
These are wonderful! I've bought these in two sizes for my toddler, and in both cases they've been a great fit. The prints are also super-cute.
Very nice quality ! Looks like the picture
Fits just as expected and works great with a racer back bra. it isn't lined and offers no support, but that's to be expected with a simple stretchy top. I'm a 38D
Perfect for under swim suits. This is exactly what I have been looking for!!!
It worked great for what we were using it for. May be small for Big Heads! Lol
Very pleased with these, I am a 34DD and was really sceptical about these....Have struggled with tit tape in the past and ended up looking like a mummy!! THESE ARE AMAZING!!! They WORK!!!
The color is awesome and the fit is great.
This hat has good coverage, is lightweight, and dries easily.
Absolutely wonderful
I bought this for an xmas gift for my wife - I am amazed at how soft it is. My daughter concurs with me that it is gorgeous! I am sure my wife will love it.
Good quality for the money
Super comfortable and easy to care for!!
My new go to socks. Very soft, they fit me perfectly. They're perfect for the summer. Definitely will be ordering more.
These capris fit as expected. They are comfortable. I wore them all day. I like the slightly darker shade.
Satisfied with purchase
Beautiful suit! I normally wear a XL but ordered a XXL and it fits perfectly. The fabric is super soft and I love the ruffles that disguise the belly. Super cute and affordable.
I didn't love this right away, it needed a quick wash. Then after being washed it's so freaking cute and the colors are great. This looks so nice with a pair of jeans and some heels. Its a great shirt to pull together an outfit and the sleeves are cute.
I was afraid of the size not fitting properly, but it is true to fit. I ordered size 5-8 and I am a 8 - 8 1/2. They fit so well and are very warm.
My new favorite sweater! So cute and quality is great.
Dress was very nice! Love the lace on top. I wore it to a wedding and everyone told me how nice my dress was!
This sweatshirt fit me well, it's very soft. Really love it.
I liked it! Super warm
The color was what it was suppose to be but did not compliment the color of my dress. I chose the wrong shade/color. Loved the material and hope I will be able to get the color shawl that I need for my dress. I do recommend this item.
It's a little bit on the smaller side, but not too bad at all. Imaging looks great. Shirt is comfortable. Would recommend.
The lingerie set is absolutely amazing. I was go glad that this fit me(bigger boobs) ,looks good as expected and its cute just make sure you pick the right size
I'm 5'8", 170lbs, 36DDD. These could be a little more snug (maybe)? I really like them. They are soft and I love the 3 camo colors. I'd love to see more colors.
Shirts fit great my daughter loves them
Love the hat. Pretty addition to workout on the run clothes that tend to be gray, black and jeans.great fit and quality.
Love the comfort of these garments! I wished the panty came higher up on the waist but otherwise love love! They hold you in but not suffocating and I certainly my love the price compared with other similar products
Loves it! Wife looks super hot in it.
I can't recommend these pants enough. They fit like a glove and are incredibly comfortable. I love working out in them or just lounging around the house. I find myself disappointed when I have to wear other yoga pants because these are dirty. They are always my go to pick because they don't cling too tight like other yoga pants. Also the pocket is perfect for smartphones or a small wallet. I've never had an issue with anything falling out. Love them!!
I liked everything. Thank you seller.
It s very convenient to use this credit card holder...It is lightweight...easy to open..takes up very little room in my handbag.. Love the look...has just enough card holders to make it right...I love it
returning and getting larger size
Great quality and color selection. I bought one for me and several as gifts.
Beautiful flannel blouse. Fit is very nice. Looks good with a belt as well!
Awesome swimsuit cover up. Nice texture and quality, love the fit.
Love it!!! I came a day after my birthday so I will use it next year.
I bought this fascinator to wear as a part of a costume that I wore earlier this summer for a play that I was participating in. I am so happy with this amazing hat and I really loved the versatility of it: I played several characters in this play and there were several quick costume changes. Because of how curly and frizzy my hair usually is, I ended up finding that I wouldn't use the barrette because it would get caught in my hair and I didn't have time to fuss over it. As a result, I loved that I had the option to use the headband portion instead!! In addition, this hat is very cute. 5 stars!!!
Shipped way sooner then expected! Material is better then expected. Very comfortable! Would recommend to family & friends.
I'm 6ft and 145lbs. I order the size 4 and they fit a little big but that the look I was going for. I could have fit into a size 2 just fine. I love these jean
I was so glad this shirt fit right! I got an XL and it fits perfect! It's not heavy and the sleeves are comfy it's perfect for fall weather when it's just cool enough for a light long sleeve. I will probably be ordering more as it gets colder here!
fit and color better than expected. Love this hat
Soft and nice My little one loves it. She has the purple and pink
This sweater fit my toy Yorkie perfect. The material is thick and warm. It washes well and I will be ordering again.
It is heavy enough to have some body and light enough to feel comfortable.Sleeve is great length. Very comfortable. Washes beautifully and doesn't shrink. Hang to dry. Very happy with the fabric and quality.
I ordered the off white and it was nice fabric, light, but stayed in place. It is perfect for under sweatshirts. I ordered it for this purpose. The material is nice enough to wear under more lightweight winter shirts. I would order again, probably in another of the many colors available.
Love everything about this. It's a little lighter weight than expected but I can wear it during more seasons. True to size, stretchy, but if you're planning on wearing anything with sleeves under it, is size up. But there will be more room and flare at the bottom
I was afraid these wouldn't be squat proof because of their price, but they are awesome!! Ive ordered three pairs now and even reach for these over my lululemons sometimes! GET THEM
Nice looking and warm
Love this bathing suit. Hides the tummy but yet very flattering.
Great dress. Got to wear in the summer heat when I wanted to feel a little more put together and it certainly fit the bill. Great buy!
This dress is long but looks amazing. I bought green and wine red. Wine red is a beautiful color. The green one is a lil off from what you see in the picture. Still they are comfy and fit perfectly. I am 5'3 and 150 pounds and ordered the large. It was long but I love the flowy-ness and it fit perfect every other way. Thank you
So comfy on my feet...
My daughter loves these, she is very tall but skinny while they are long she will be able to wear these for more than a year! They are thick and heavy very warm for winter leggings and I will be buying her more!
I love it! The sizing is perfect, it's comfortable and warm. I wish the opening for the pockets were about an inch wider, though.
Great fit and quality. Easy to put on and take off. I would recommend this product.
Very comfortable! Helps with my aching back as well!
The sweater is really soft and comfortable. The quality is nicer than I expected. It is true to color as well. The size could be a little bigger than I normally wear but then it is loose fitting as described. Overall I am really happy with the purchase.
I love to wear these throughout the summer. Very comfortable.
These jeans are perfect! Fit just right! I am 5'7, and they are the perfect length. I weigh 165, and I got a size 12. Great color too! I wear them on Fridays at work, and they are a good dressy casual.
I am a curvy hourglass size 14/16 - and I bought a 3XL because of the reviews and it fits perfectly! If you buy the right size you will love it!
They were comfortable and met my expectations.
Great dress especially if you accessorize it with a belt.
My Husband Loved his card wallet!!!
It's that time of year where I needed new shorts but the stores have decided that they are only selling long sleeve fleece since fall has officially started. They seem to forget that it is still 90 degrees here, so I need shorts for a few more months, not fleece. I have never ordered clothing from Amazon before, but turned here out of desperation since I couldn't find any shorts in store or online anywhere. I went with these since they were a reputable brand and had awesome reviews, and I am thrilled with them. They are comfy and have a decent bit of movement to the fabric. The length is longer than what I normally find in the store, but it is a good length and I had no problem rolling the bottom up a little to fit even better. They are slightly snug on the hips, but not uncomfortable, so I would say they are pretty true to size. They look well made and I'll update this review if I notice any bad fading after washing them, but I expect they'll last pretty well. Overall I am super impressed and will definitely consider buying other pieces of clothing from amazon in the future.
My daughter loved wearing this for Christmas.
This is so cute! So soft and feels very well made. I am 5'2 134 34D and got an xl. Fit great and gives nice coverage while still being super cute!
Good fit. They were delivered earlier than expected too!
I'm glad I ordered it a size larger than what my granddaughter wears, it was a perfect fit one size up. It's a beautiful dress it fit her comfortably and she loves it
I needed a black dress to wear out to a cocktail party and very nice restaurant in Vegas and this is one of many I purchased in an effort to find the perfect dress. I was a little concerned that it would look cheap (given the price) and/or look too young for me ( I am 50). It was neither. The dress was the unanimous favorite with all the boys in my house and I received numerous compliments (all from people who had spent far more on their dresses). Most importantly, I felt terrific in it! I am 5'5", 125 lbs and ordered a medium. It fit perfectly and fell just below the knee.
Wearing this piece as I type. Fit as expected. I am 5'6", 135lbs, athletic build. I ordered a small. Flattering and comfortable. Would be nice if it had a draw string or some sort of 'belt' but not necessary. Cute for a plane ride, casual errands or even dressed up with heels and a chunky necklace! Will be buying more from this vendor.
This shirt is awesome! Its soft and it fits perfectly
Extremely warm and thick! Fits perfectly and feels so warm! Also seems very breathable
Love these so much I keep ordering more. Long enough sleeves to cover any under arm razor burn, and long enough to cover your most of your backside if your leggings are having that sheer when you squat problem. Also light weight enough to be cool but not sheer. Don't order a size up, unlike most gym clothes these are true to size and not clingy. I'm 5'7, 150lb and the medium was perfect. Probably the best workout shirts I have ever owned.
The hat fit fine and was warm. I would not refer to it as a "beach hat" or a "floppy hat" as the description above states. It's clearly a fedora – basic black. Easy to wear, lightweight, warm.
Proud to where this cap very comfortable great fit
Great looking and well made. Girlfriend loves it and I love it on her.
Lightweight and comfortable
It's raining and cold out now and this jacket kept me warm and dry. Not too heavy and not too light.
I would highly recommend it! I bought 4. I am 5'9 / 180lbs and I bought a large 👌
Really cute and well made.
Nice quality material and vibrant colors.
I love these. They are not that icky nylon that snags on everything. These are soft and flexible without being too tight.
I wore this on Halloween and I got so many compliments on how adorable the shirt was! I'm 8 months pregnant and my pre pregnancy weight was 125 and the small fit me great if that helps!
Nice fabric, long enough. Patterns are small and unassuming; not obnoxious.
Product arrive in great time. Good material and great flexibility!
I wore this dress at my bachelorette party and I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!! The material is super stretchy (so don't order too big) and it is very comfortable and classy! I added a waist belt and a tutu skirt/slip for underneath just to give it a little more flare.
It's a little stiff but the material is also thicker than what I normally wear. I do like the thicker material. I love the extra pockets! The fit is perfect. I would definitely purchase again!
Work at construction site, gets the job done.
Perfect and accurate. Right on with my Doctors.
Very soft & breathable material
Perfect for my needs. Exactly as pictured and described.
Love, Love, Love this blouse! Purchased both the black and the pink. Wore the black today and rcvd SO MANY compliments! I have emailed the purchase link to at least 4 people. Lol. Please size up however, as the sizing runs small. I am typically a size 4 and I ordered a large. It fits perfectly.
Great product and great fit! No pressure on the body and does not roll down!
The most comfortable thing I've ever put on w/o looking frumpy. Usually, loose clothes make you look like you're hiding something. With this outfit, even you were, no one would notice. And it's stylish, can be work in so many different ways.
Original review:Love this and wear it all the time. It does get little balls under the arm. REAL WOOL AND SUPER WARM! Update: NOT SURE IT"S REAL WOOL!!! It didn't shrink in the washer or dryer. Accidentally washed!
LOVED this sarong. It's so sexy on. The length was perfect.
Love these. Got a medium and I'm 5'3 and 130 pounds.
These wash great and are so comfortable. They are long and tuck in well. I will buy these again.
Received my bikini bottom today. It fit perfect. Covers well we're it should. Tummy control. Like the way it shows off on the sides just a little. Matches any top I put it with. Easy to move in very comfortable.
Good quality for the price
they are really good and look sexy
I've had this waist trainer for almost a year now. I absolutely love it! I've worn this thing close to 100 times and it's still in amazing shape. Definitely recommend!
Great quality. The zipper is smooth and sturdy.
This looks so freaking amazing. Ordered more than 1 color. I got so many compliments in these. Much better than expected
I read the reviews and picked a size based on them. I love how it fits and, more importantly, my husband loves it on me! It's a comfortable material too. Great price as well.
The perfect basic, cheap, and good quality turtleneck
My grandson lives this shirt!
Love this. I immediately felt relieved of back pain
Nice lightweight rain defender jacket. No complaints here.
Love these socks! Very comfortable and don't fall down your heel when wearing them. Nice coverage but does not show when wearing Converse or New Balance shoes. Definitely does not work for Toms. Wish they would offer an all grey package.
fuzzy scarf - very warm. it's thicker than most fashion scarves
Very pretty and quality for the price. Cute with jeans.
Very comfortable & cute!
My son needed over the calf, solid black men's socks for his band concert. It was surprisingly difficult to find any in a store. Found these-- nice quality, fast shipping, better price than comparable store items. All I found in the stores were three packs with one solid pair and two patterned-- not what I needed. Most were crew, too-- over the calf was nearly impossible to find. These seem to be excellent quality and I thought the price was more than fair. Recommend!
THIS HAT I RECEIVED WAS TOP QUALITY ALL THE WAY DOWN TO THE STITCHING!! I WAS IMPRESSED WITH THE QUALITY vs THE PRICE !!
Fit is a tad large, which is fine for pajamas. Very comfortable. Seems to be good quality fabric after washing and drying a few times.
Socks are well made and are the perfect thickness for me. They are not as thick as regular socks but are thicker than most other no show sock I have tried. They do not slip because there are strips of silicone on the heel.
Fit perfectly and she enjoyed it in Miami! We had a ball and lots of compliments on the outfit.
My husband like them for his work!
Beautiful and well made. Shipped very fast. Can't wait to use it!
Super cute and flattering. I'm 5'0 and curvy. I got the XL and it fit perfect. I got it in another color because its sooooo cute!
i love this waist trainer it's not bulky like my other ones it's very subtle and it's easy to wear under most clothing plus it's easy to work out with I can wear it and not feel restrained. Will order many more for daily wear.
Very happy with the scarf I bought as a Christmas gift for my Mom. Can't wait to give it to her! Timely shipping, and good quality for a fashion scarf. Item was as depicted.
Nice costume. Everything fit well
I absolutely LOVE this! Fits perfect and good quality!
Really nice! Dries quickly, is soft, comfortable and breathable. I tend to sweat a lot around my crotch. After walks, hikes or bike rides, the first thing I want to do is take of my underwear because they are soaked. Not with this pair. These dry really fast and the drive home is comfortable. The leg doesn't ride up and is not constricting either. I would have preferred if the legs were a bit shorter, so I ordered a pair of the 6" Baleaf boxer shorts. Hope they are as good as this pair.
Well made and good designs!
Very good pants for a pirate costume.
A great buy except for the tail kind of goes in your butt when you lay down lol
These socks are perfect for my 2 year old! They're soft, come up high enough to keep him warm, and they look great. I definitely recommend these.
These are very nice but too large for me. I have short hair and they stand out more than I like.
A distinguish gentleman's hat. Fits true to size. you'll love this look and get many compliments!!!
These are fantastic! Very comfortable and easy to maintain. I threw out ALL of my other dress socks and replacement them with these. Highly recommended and wish I had found these years ago.
I will be 30 and I don't like suspenders that these ones fit and they work
Absolutely LOVE the shirts from this company. Brightly colored and well made.
My daughter LOVES this robe!
I really like not having to mess with a belt every single time I go to the bathroom. I expect I'll be reinforcing my front belt loops more often but it is worth it. The belt is comfortable and not bulky, easy to adjust, easy to put on. I'm thinking of getting a few more so I can just leave them on the pants and not have to switch it.
Loving my new sauna short. The waist band makes it more comfortable, it's breathable. Threw out my old sauna shorts on day 2 of using these. I recommend them!
So comfortable. I'm usually skeptical about ordering leggings online in fear of getting the ones you can see through. These are great material, very durable and comfortable. I will definitely buy more and would recommend.
So cute! Love the color and the embroidery seems solid. As comfortable as any other good quality baseball hat. No uncomfy hot spots pressing into your head. Bought it for pride but ended it wearing it all the time.
It's perfect Looks just like the picture
Perfect for the size I bought
Some reviewers said their clips broke - I feel like they must have been pulling their bras too tight, maybe? I've had no problems with mine and they are good quality. Just make sure you loosen your bra straps a LOT before using these.
Love this night gown. I have had a hard time finding long cotton night gowns.
Just as pictured. Great buy
I'm a 36 DD and purchased a Large/XL. I can't usually wear these types of bras but I'm glad I bought this one. It's comfortable fits well and looks really cute under my cut out t-shirts.
Fits as expected... Super sexy, comfortable and different
Nice jeans! Fit really well.
Homecoming dress my daughter really loved this dress and it fit her perfectly
I would give these pants 10 Stars if that were an option!! They are so extraordinarily comfortable and lightweight-perfect for lounging around the house, going for a walk outside, or working out at home. I feel like I'm floating in these pants. They're also so beautiful!!!
I love that this was not only something they provide but it goes to a great cause. The colors are beautiful, and the design is beautiful.
3 1/2 yr old loved his pjs won't take them off! The material is amazing an overall great product! Wish they had Luigi !
I could not love this dress any more!! It's extremely comfortable, and even has pockets! I ordered navy and am going to order a few more. I could wear this dress every day. Fits very true to size.
Love these slacks! They fit well and it's refreshing to find slacks that are long enough. I just wish manufacturer's would realize that not all plus-size women are short. Will definitely purchase again!
This skirt is awesome-love it!
Cute patterns and very soft
Super cute crop tank. Size large fit great for a little extra length.
I got so many compliments on this dress, I bought two.
Got it for my husband for father's day in blue and it was super soft and it fit well. The hubs was pleased.
Very good for potty training.
Just what I was looking for.
This was a gift to my husband. He liked that he could finally get a belt to fit just right, great idea, no problem with getting it to fit.
Just received but very impressed. Little tight, I'm sure it'll losen up after some time. Strong magnet. Nice look. Plenty of pockets. Color is nice. Just a real nice product.
Exactly what I wanted! I have downsized to a small crossbody and no longer use a wallet. This gem allows me to securely carry all I need.
I like them a lot. They are nice and thick.
I love these socks. Husband got them for me. They stay up nice too without cutting off circulation.
I love my new girdle. it was a little tight around the leg area but is getting better with each use. I wear a 12 size and my M-L fits perfectly. I have already sent the link to some friends
So comfortable and don't slide down when walking. They stay in place and are the most comfortable socks I own so I bout 4 more packages!!!
I could have went a little larger on my growing boy but the fit him well and look good on him. He loves them.
do not need to worry about daytime drive to stab an eye any more ,evening other people open high beam to also do not feel to stab an eye ,very satisfactory
Bought for my daughter who love it!
Works great, and the Hemingway color looks just like the picture. I was afraid the faux buckle thing would look fake, but it looks like a regular belt.
I'm a size 22 in jeans. I ordered the 3x in these underwear. They are the best clothing purchase I've ever made. They are very high waisted, super comfortable, and have a little bit of that "suck it in" effect. I previously wore Warner's panties before purchasing these, and I'll never go back. I absolutely could not recommend these more.
Boyfriend loved his wallet!
Perfect for summer. Light weight and comfortable.
I absolutely love these jeans! I'm planning to buy a few more pair. Great jeans!
Great belt. Exactly as described.
Works great a lil to good my kids were even getting hot wearing it
Finally a robe I really like. It has everything I wanted. Zips up the front, the sleeves are a perfect length, actually floor length on me ( I am 5'3" - I ordered a medium ). It is warm but not overly warm like fleece robes. I'll wash and dry it by itself for a few washings since reviews said it tends to shed but overall I think I have finally found a robe I love.
Very lovely. Nice fabric. Ordered XXL and it fits without being snug across the chest. I usually wear a size 14-16.
These pants are a great fit at a great price.
These caps are great and fit my son perfectly. The cap adjusts in the back so that it can fit him as his head grows. He will have the caps for a while. I would recommend getting the four color cap set. They seem to match whatever outfit my son wears and he gets tons of compliments. Awesome buy.
Looks exactly like picture shown.
I Love it although it fits a little closer than expected. Will be worn on my vacation.
I love the shirt and will be wearing it to the opening of the Black panther movie
I absolutely love this thing. If I actually worked out I bet I would see even better results. I initially bought it to help keep my back straight and to do atleast something with my core since I sit at a desk all day. My back feels so much better and my core has slimed down a smidge
I normally wear a small, but ordered both a large & medium due to reviews. The medium fit as expected, the large was too big in mid section. I am a size 6/8 normally. The arms fit perfect for me but I am on the slender side. There is stretch but not mega stretch to accommodate a fuller arm. I am also very busty a 34DDD, and the medium fit perfectly.
This shirt is only slightly oversized so don't order up. I wear a small and ordered a small. The material is sooo soft! Like butter! It hits right below the bottom so it's perfect to wear with leggings and the material is thicker so it's warm to wear in the fall and winter.
I wouldn't survive mountain biking and spin class without these. They do exactly what I need them too... protect my bum. I'm buying more... in a smaller size this time. They do run a little large, but they still work.
Its amazing how many people compliment me when I wear it. The silent majority is not so silent anymore.
Very nice thick durable jeans fit perfectly
This umbrella seems sturdy, and I love the sky view underneath. Subtle fun! It is replacing some umbrellas each of which has a droopy side which loosened from the rib after regular use. I have not yet had an opportunity to use this new one but will update my review if it does not meet expectations.
Fits good. Has an inside mask to hold shape. Takes a bit of shifting around to get the right tightness and make sure you can see fully out of the mask. It's really pretty and has some fur on it as well. Using for a kitty cat costume and works perfect!
Excellent, except for loose stitching on the thumb ~ but totally love them! Excellent with my IPhone. Comfortably snug, cozy warm and very attractive. Next winter I will be ordering these for holiday gifts~
Yes!!! I love my wallet!!! I will have a this one for a long while
Good quality leather & buckle. Fair price. Love the ratchet feature. Highly recommended. My second one from Bulliant.
Love it, fits well n small purse
Great passport Holder. Works perfect and fits perfect!
This dress is made out of quality fabric and craftsmanship. The color is perfect with no fading. The fit is is great for my curvy body. My body type is pear shaped so the top and waist fit a little loose. Overall I love the look and the fit. I definitely would purchase again.
These socks are so darn cute! They are just the right length to my daughter's knees. The characters are cute and identifiable. The various colors match several outfits. These are great to wear under pants. I love that they are skid-proof. That's a huge deal in my house due to slick hardwood floors. Ultimately, that is why I purchased this brand.
Loved this swimsuit , cute and sexy! Perfect fit
Very happy with this purchase
It is true to size! I love how comfortable it is and you can't see the print under your clothing. Holds everything into place
My grand daughter saw this dress on Amazon and she asked if I would order this for her school social, she graduates for the eight grade she will be attending high school this fall, she loves the dress an as long as she is happy I am as well.
This belt buckle arrived quickly and was well packaged. I loved the design and it's overwhelmingly huge or priced.
These are very nice shirts
My 9 year old daughter does figure skating and this hat is perfect for her long light brown hair. I ordered the Confetti Oatmeal color which is a good color coordination for her hair and she loves it!
I've been looking for a nice casual dress like this for a long time and finally found it! It fits me perfectly and I'm really happy I've accidentally trapped on it!
Great deal for the number of socks you receive in the package. Very nice quality. Not thin, but not too thick. Accurate sizing. Have been holding up well for nearly a year after my purchase during rough and regular use as well as through being machine washed. Very pleased!
Fits good. Good material
Bought this to match my hat. My daughter is 5 months and hates hats but hates this hat the least. It's not too loose or too tight. Not itchy. She runs hot and doesn't seem to over heat in this.
Bought the medium for my 2nd grader and it fit great. The package comes with everything you need for a cute little Santa.
Great gloves, good for down to 20 degrees.
Very nice tanks for the price. They wash well and go with everything! I have this tank in several colors. Fit exactly as expected
I reccomend this cute shirt as it's so unique with its cute tie up sleeves and wrap style. It looks so adorable tucked into pants or simply worn with leggings. The color is well pigmented and isn't see through at all. Keep in mind this is a chiffon material so it doesn't stretch so definitely base it on your bust size as the waist is pretty forgiving. Overall I definitely reccomend this shirt.
Very stretchy. Good fit & warm
Thin, light and warm. and the seams are well made. The style is great too.
Good quality and fits very nicely near the fingertips
I love the shirt I have wore it a few times and still love it, it washes up real nice also
Oh my gosh!! My boy looked absolutely adorable in his dino bow tie!! He was proud to wear it. It was just the right size for my 7 year old he could probably wear it for another 2 years.
Love this dress looks just like the picture buy it good quality forget the bad reviews
Very Nice, just have to check the size because they are not the usual US size. But they are great. I ordered another one. :)
For the price, this thing is just great. Bright lights, easy function. Not much mobility, but we didn't expect that for such a low price. The kid loves it!
Very light weight and comfortable while still giving great support.
I really luv this item very much
A nice thicker, well made shirt. Very colorful and fits well.
Bought these for a friend. She loved them!
This is the best outfit I have bought from amazon! I order a size smaller because other reviews said it runs big. I loved this outfit!
My husband really likes these gloves
This dress was true to size and fit my little girl like a glove for her annual daddy daughter dance !!
I loved this jacket! Perfect fit and able to wear a sweatshirt or polar fleece under it without it being constrictive. I ordered a small and am 5'2”, 118 lbs. Can't wait to try it out in the rain. Looks well made and liked all the elastic pull tabs to adjust the fit and the two inside pockets. Would recommend this jacket.
This shirt is made of good material. I ordered the maroon. I saw some reviews that stated the other colors were made of a different material The one I order is made of soft stretchy material. The fit is good and the quality seems good too.
I was a little nervous about these skirts, but they look beautiful. I ordered other colors, the material is of excellent quality and look elegant
My son looks great in it!
Arrived as promised. Looks like good quality. Will wear it next week to work.
Amazing shorts. Very comfy
Love this shirt! Material is so soft and thicker than most shirts I have bought on Amazon.
I love it, although my daughter is going through a phase where she hates jackets...
These shorts are very comfy and cute. The fabric is breathable and slightly stretchy. It does not bunch.
Love how soft these socks are and they are perfect for working out with the lip in the back.
What I expected... would use this seller again!
I'm on my feet 12+ hours a day and I do recommend these
Great buy. Very cute. My daughter loves it
Sheds a bit but is a great costume for the money.
I didn't expect to get as much support from this sports bra as I do. Everything stays in place. The fit is incredible and very flattering.
Excellent bag, I really love it, thank you!
Just as advertised!!!
We got so many compliments on this costume. It was relative easy to get on and off and blew great. I would recommend carrying a couple backup batteries as the blower will go through good batteries in about 2 hours... maybe a little less.
Best purchase ever. I'm buying more colors! I'm 5'2", 150 lbs and I bought a small.
My expectations were high but they were met. Good material. I bought it for my friend. She is 5'6 150 pounds and I get a medium.
this is the second jacket I purchased . What a great look.
I love this shirt its so comfy and the overall brand is so nice with good quality materials.
Much better quality than expected. Love these tunics
Like most costumes, expect to run on the smaller size so size up! Other than that, super cute, NOT see threw.
Love it! So many compliments on this cute bag, my mom and aunt also purchased bags after me
GOOG TO WEAR ON HOT NIGHTS
Best gift of the year says my husband. He's worn them 3 tines now since Christmas
Looks just as cute as the picture.
Bought this for my 9 year old sons halloween costume. His measurements suggest he needs a men's xl, that seemed big so I chose the large. It's a bit snug so I would order true to measurements.
These are my new favorite underwear, I have replaced all my underwear with these. They fit perfect, they don't slide down and they help with slimming. Love them!!
Excellent quality and great look and feel. I expected something a bit more casual, but the fabric is great for the professional-work look. Very comfortable and stretches some. I probably should have gotten a size smaller because it gives.
Bought these as a gift for my sister. They fit her perfectly and look and feel great. I will be buying some for me now!!
I finally got a belt through Amazon that was sized as stated! Appears to be goods quality too.
Well made and fits great, true to size!
I really like the quality of the belt I time it once and it stays like that all day and doesn't move but it allows me to do my work without getting loose I recommend this belt to anybody thank you
Great item, true to size and holds up well in the wash.
Small and easy to use
Cheap and nice fitted!!
I use this swimsuit 3 times a week during last 3 month of my pregnancy in the swimming pool. The material is great, it fits nicely on small and big belly. By reading other reviews I ordered smaller size than usual (I wear medium, but ordered small one) and it fits perfectly.
Love the fit and the weight of this sweater. I get complimented every time I wear it. It washes well and fits perfectly. I am ordering more in a different color. My favorite sweater of the year so far!
Love these!! I am never going back to any other undies, they are soooo comfy!!
The jacket fit o.k. .... color just what I wanted...Received it prior to cooler weather, simply, I like it a lot...
Light color much tighter than dark colr
The fabric is very soft and very cool. These are my favorite pajamas - they hold up after many washings, too.
great socks, they feel great and wear well.
The quality is better than I expected
Great price, plush fabric, very comfortable.
Really good fit, and soft feel. I will buy more later.
Fun shirt, and well made!
This hat has a good quality and is very well made. it really keeps me warm whenever i use it. My head circumference is 21.5 for reference. It may not be tight on my head but it doesn't move around either whenever i use it. Also, i have an ear muff that i use and having a bigger hat gives more space for me to still use this while i have the ear muffs on.
Very good quality leather belt, comes in a nice box with tools to adjust the length.
I'm not sure they will hold up for more than a year but the design is spot on.
I really love this bodysuit. It's exactly as it describes. Holds up well and fits me perfectly. 5'6 about 160 pounds and athletic build.
Looks durable, feels durable. I hope it holds up as well as I expect it should.
5'6" 140lbs. Ordering a size smaller is a good idea! Great jacket. Warmer than I expected. Hate the 'swish' sound (which is strong), but you get used to it. Great jacket!!!!
These are perfect for my grandkids. They are so easy to slip on and off and, of course, the kids look absolutely adorable!
I'm a nurse and work on my feet all day. These are perfect for me.
LOVE this bathing suit top, it fit perfectly, and slimming too! The fabric is much nicer than expected, and the straps are of good quality. I definitely recommend and would buy again.
Awesome product. Works exactly as stated, and you get two for basically the price of one.
I wear it for work and folks have been complimenting me on it. Looks sharp!
I really like it. Runs a little big
Wasn't what I expected.
By far the best A-tshirt tank undershirt around.
The hat fits perfect. It is very comfortable. I think it will be warm. The quality seems good, I like it
It's so cute! Definitely worth the price, it's made out of sturdy rubber! So it definitely won't break off or tear (at least for a very long time). Would buy again.
Good fit and washed beautifully!
Love this dress, I probably should order a smaller size since it is a bit loose in the top and very long on me.
LOVE! Got this for Coachella to protect me from any dust storms. The colors are vibrant for photos. It's thin enough so you won't get hot in the heat but definitely will protect you from dirt and sand. My only regret is that I didn't get one to match each outfit!
Great shirt! Dress up or down. Green is pretty!
Liked. Enjoyed wearing it.
I've struggled to find jeans that fit me the way I like and also manage to look good on me. These fit the bill nicely. They're tight where they need to be a loose where they can be.
Wore this dress to work and received a lot compliments. Breathable fabric with pockets.
The skirt is exactly as shown I love it so much fits perfectly arrived on time exceptional service.
These hospital hats are awesome! They don't slip off like the hats they sell at regular retail stores.
I got this for a friend's two year old and she loves it!
got it say amazing product ..... soft quality is mind blowing ... i regret not getting two so I'm ordering it right now becoz they are amazing and the cuality was more thank imagen ... so most have
Great quality for the price, true to size.
Love how warm these keep my feet! Very snug which I like and stay in place, no sliding down. Will definitely order again.
I wear the Columbia fleece every day. They are very soft and comfortable. The zippered pockets hold my phone, wallet, and keys. I wear it like a sweater even at home since it allows me to leave my apartment cooler yet to still be comfortable. I wear it under my winter coat, and as an outer layer in milder weather. When I was it I just hang it over the back of a chair and it dries overnight. I maintain at least two of these so I have a second one to wear when the other is being washed and dried. I have worn these for at least ten years. They are very durable and last a long time. The ones I have are still in good shape, but I bought this new one only because I have lost weight and needed a smaller size. I am ordering a second one in the smaller size.
Needed to add something to the honeymoon cash we gave as a gift and this was perfect! They loved it!
Very cute Sun hat, keeps it shape even after being put into a drawer. Looks cute with just about anything
Loved it just thought it was a little longer
One of the best workout leggings I've ever purchased. Fits just right and I dont have to keep pulling them up as I workout. Perfect length for me as well.
I love this wallet. It has plenty of slots for club cards and credit cards, and I use one zipper pocket for cash and one for coins.
Great material. I'm a perfect XL and per reviews I ordered a XXL and it fit exactly how I wanted it to !
Very nice thick potty pants. My grandson thinks they are neat to have big boy pants on.
Very comfortable, soft material, fits well.
There soft My baby is 4 months and she looks beautiful with these bows they fit perfectly
I loved this dress the dress looks perfect....!!!!!!
Looked really good on my husband. Hey got loads of compliments.
I usually get my daughter a size bigger and I got her a 7 instead of a 6. It fits great on her and she loves it! After I washed it, it still looks as good as new!
perfect with my costume.
My daughter loves them.
Very comfortable and fits perfectly. I bought them twice.
super cozy and adorable. they're perfect socks.
This is my second time buying this belt. Easy to trim to size and comfortable to wear.
These socks are ADORABLE! They fit my 10 year old perfectly and she LOVES them. They have little ears that poke out from the top of the socks. Would recommend and would definitely buy again!
Slightly large but might shrink after first washing. They are comfortable and colorful. I love them and plan to buy some more with different colors.
Love these. They are super comfortable. Very stretchy, for all sorts of positions and the material is really soft. I also like the look a lot.
I bought this dress for my Sister in Laws wedding. I wear a Medium, and it fit perfect. This dress is super comfy. What I love about it, you can add some jewelry and heals to dress it up Or wear a pair of flip flops for a more casual look. I would definitely buy other colors.
Well made, washes well. Is not form fitting
I purchased my size based on other reviews. Fits perfectly. Sexy and doesn't look cheap
Cute little winter hat. If only my baby would keep it on her head! the little ears just make it darling. Soft fabric and keeps her warm.
Order one for me and my daughter, she is 5 years old and really love it. She said I look cute wearing this headband with her.
first time, and not disappointed, good.
Better than expected.
Bought as a Christmas gift, and they loved it, good quality nice fit
I love this suit! . This suit was so comfortable and flattering. I plan to order the suit in additional patterns.
LOVE LOVE LOVE! This pashmina came packaged in a lovely box, perfect for gift giving! The pashmina/shawl, is so very soft. The quality is very high on this product. I was really so delighted when I opened it! I needed this for an event I was attending, but am going to buy some extras for presents!
Gorgeous dress and so comfortable.
This is one of my favorite dresses!!! The material isn't too thick or too thin, the skirt comes below my knees, so it's appropriate for work, and it has pockets, which is probably the best part. It's very comfy, and the cut is flattering.
Very good style, but soso quality.
This skirt is super cute and very flattering. I had bought 2 different styles at the same time. One I hated and was to short and seemed for kids but this skirt was very cute! The buttons on side are nice addition and the slit is flattering. I'm 5'1 and 115lbs and got the medium because I saw it runs small.
Loved everything about these socks!
I bought every sock reviewed as super warm that looked promising. I paid $42 for a pair of bison hair socks - don't follow my lead there. Not worth it. Bought Wigwam heavy duty and 5 others. But these inexpensive socks beat everything else. I ended up buying 12 pair.
Neither disliked or liked
The garter was a little too small for my hips but all in all it fit nicely. The lace isn't too fragile and none of it was scratchy. I'm 5'6 and about 150 lbs, the stockings fit well. I read other reviews about them being too short but I have short legs and the garter straps are adjustable. This was a great buy considering how surprised and happy my boyfriend was with it
I love this swim suit! I am 5'5 180lbs ordered a large for my big 50lb weight loss reveal I couldn't be happier. Such a show stopper suit!
Very good quality. A good length and very soft. Thank you, little Timmy
I cannot begin to explain how awesome the suit is! This is the most flattering bathing suit I own. It does run a little small in the chest and strap area so I would definitely go up a size then what you normally wear but I promise you you won't be disappointed.
fits moms dukes really nice
Even more beautiful fabric than can be seen on the photo. Nice weight. Fits perfectly.
Worse these for my anniversary AND because I ordered tights with the glitter studs on them and they were horrid. These however where grey comfy and stylish. Will be buying more
Very comfortable (like surprisingly so). Worth the money easy
It I stunning. Well made.
I bought this tie for my grandson. He loved it. It fits perfectly.
Fantastic. Smells like chicken wings but fits very nice and materials are high quality. 5/5 for the smell of chicken wings.
I'm 5 foot, 148 lbs. When I took it out of the package I thought no way the bottom part would fit me but boy did it stretch! No rolls either because it comes up to your waist in my waist is narrow. Super cute!
Love! I ordered XL, and it fit like a dream over my chest (no button struggles) and it wasn't baggy on my arms! I loved it so much I bought it in all the colors!
These are great tights for the price! I ordered a size up to make sure they were a little thicker and they have had a tear or run yet!
Beautiful dress! I want this in every color. A little too large but will probably be just right after a wash. I'm 5 feet tall and weigh 145 pounds. I got a medium but could have gone with a small. It's definitely a loose bohemian look.
I was skeptical about these but I love them. I know some reviews talk about a smell. Yes they had a smell but I've washed them a couple times and it's fine. So comfy and warm. I got them for a ski trip and they were perfect. Already ordered another one. Oh and no see through. I'm a size small usually and they fit great.
Super cute and nice quality!
It's my favorite scarf, I love it. Had it for over a year and it's held up strong.
I bought the 5-pack one, which is not that funny. I wear it for normal days. They are quite soft and comfortable. They are a little thick for the summer. But perfect for the cold days.
I got these for my wife she's very into art and at such a great price they were a must have
These gloves are great to wear in the car as well as being comfortable and warm in the cold. 5 stars!
Well, this just feels good and looks good. So simple, but so nice. My sister loved it so much I ordered another one for her!
Bought this item for my trip to iceland back in February. They did the job! Kept my ears/head/neck/chest nice and warm in the FREEZING weather. Also I was outdoors most of the time.
I love them fit as expected
Used for a two week trip in Europe and couldn't have been happier! Such a worthwhile purchase!
This is a very nice sweater cape. It is large and covers well. The collar is a little tight for my liking but I can handle that.
Grandson loved it had great time at party
I like that it fit perfectly with my entire body. Think i bought a small
My husband was very happy to change out his attachments on his Oakley's
They are so cute and really comfortable. The fabric is actually pretty sturdy for this style of pants. They even sent a little anklet that I still wear cause it's so cute :) I want more of them in other colors!
fits a little loose around tops. but great colors
Very soft and attractive fabric!! This gown and hat fit well! This is a safe choice for baby to sleep in, instead of using blankets in crib. An excellent product for an excellent price!!
Fit as expected. Has adjustable strap for perfect fit.
This was a gift for my granddaughter and they loved it! fit perfect and she looked amazing for her 4th birthday! GREAT SELLER!
The Vest worked great during our vacation, Phone holder is to small for the Bigger Apple phones and the Zippers are too small for big hands. Other than that it function very nicely for the many adventures it has been on with me!
This coat is soo warm,the length perfectly fit get this coat be for they sale out med black is already sold out I'm so glad the blk med was available,I went back & got a nother 1in a different color, brought a black one in med first had to get a brown one in med.great gift also.
It's just a great key chain and looks awesome
This is the best cap ever for a person with locs. Its good for wearing alone with a crown or to sleep in. Ive worn alot of caps. Ive had my locs for 20 yrs and this fits and works the best. Thank u guys for a great product. Peace
These are great, I wish they had a package of white
Definitely worth the money
Very cute and great quality!
This wallet is wonderful. My previous one was too large for my new smaller purse. I had been searching for a new smaller one. I found this one on sale at Amazon. It was also RFID. As soon as it arrived, I switched everything from my old wallet to the new ones. In addition the new wallet matches my new purse.
Excellent graduation gift for college athlete. Very durable and great quality. Holds true to the label.
I bought this dress to wear to my son's HS graduation. I was nervous purchasing a dress online due to past negative experiences. This dress was absolutely perfect. I think I'm going to purchase one with sleeves to have another option.
I love these. I always had an OCD problem while packing because it was so messy. This saved my life !
It fits well and has been enjoyed by myself in several cosplay situations so far.
Great price through Amazon
I have a big foot... women's size 10 .. and these socks fit perfectly.
These are soft and comfy. The designs are just as pictured.
The gloves looks better than the pictures. They keep my hands really warm during winter time. They are easy to carry as well. Highly recommend it.
Best looking shorts I have ever had.
Had Purchased a pair a week before and liked them enough to buy this second pair in a different color. Comfortable to wear lounging around the house and outside.
Looks great on my lady. Glad I got it.
I wear a size 16 and this belt fits. Not sure it would fit if I was a size larger tho. looks good
Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Perfect fit.
These leggings were amazing! I usually wear medium but according to the size chart I was a small - which fit perfectly! The compression was strong but not uncomfortable. It fit and held my postpartum tummy perfectly. I am 100% satisfied with this purchase
Nice lite hat to keep the sun off your face and neck. Fits a little big but very comfortable.
My daughter love them
Pleased with this buy... super lovely gloves. Got in a quality box. And it's perfect for winter. Super quality gloves..
Nice shirt. Boyfriend really liked it. But it arrived smelling really strongly of chemicals. Otherwise no complaints. Hoping it holds up through washes as it doesn't look super well made
Cute cute cute! Everyone loved it. Wear a 16 (38 C but Would def fit bigger cup) ordered a 14 fits great. And def high waist! I will be ordering more colors.
I have long arms, so this is a little short in that regard. However, it cuts almost all BO and I forgot I was wearing it for 2 days. Then I ate something garlicky... That's not the point. I'm a winter bicyclist. I usually wear 3 layers of thick pants, but now I only need a windbreaker! If the arms were longer, I would rave about how this should be 6 stars.
Bought a set for my husband for Christmas and he was NUTS over these socks! Said they're the most comfortable and fun socks he's ever worn. Bought 6 more pair for Valentine's. Very reasonably priced and nicely made.
Great buy! Great size and leather. Price is amazing.
I loved everything about this dress. The lace was not scratchy, and I got major compliments all night long! I am 5'4" 150lbs I got a medium because they didn't have a large available.
Very nice knit, not lightweight or thin. As always, the quality is excellent.
Fit as expected, good quality, overall loved the dress! Very flattering!
Love it! Will likely buy more!
Very please. Fit as expected and really served it's purpose
I really love this swim suit! I ordered a M, I'm 5'5, 140 lbs, and a 32DD. I probably should've gone with a large so the top covered a little more but it adjusts enough! I got it for $13 and it is totally worth it! I've never had a swimsuit fit so well and make me feel confident!
Love them! I wear them everyday with sneakers & boots & they are perfect. They don't slip off & are very comfortable. Will be ordering more.
sexy! comfortable, easily adjustable, nice support
Purchased for guests in our home. Excellent robe for the money and fit as advertised.
I was a little concerned about the sizing for someone with a smaller chest, but this suit is good for small boobs too :). The pads are completely removable but not too thick. I didn't have an issue with the front of the bikini bottoms being too loose, probably bc the slack is taken up by my sizeable backside. I bought this to use with board shorts anyway. I'm 5'8", prob around 125lbs and a 34A. Will have to see how this suit holds up over time.
This is a perfect dress to wear casually or dress it up for a night out!
great hat except the silver sticker had my buddy say it looked like a price tag from his distance
Very soft, nice and recommend those gloves
It fits perfectly. Received several compliments
My husband has been wearing these Champion shorts for years. Happy that we were able to find them online at such a good price. Will definitely be purchasing additional when needed.
Most comfortable underwear
Absolutely no lines and feels soft against your skin, so light it doesn't feel like I'm wearing anything at all.
Bought this to wear as a chaperone for prom and I think it will be perfect! I'm 5'1”, about 130, and I have a 30” waist. Hopefully that helps someone! I'll have to put a tiny her on so it doesn't drag, but it might be too short on some people. Some reviews I read said the waist was too small, but their size chart said a medium would fit me, and it does! It's not too snug, and I feel like I could eat a big meal and still be comfortable :)
I used this dress for my gender reveal and I was 23 weeks at the time. I ordered a Large and it fit perfectly!! I still fit the dress nicely now. The color is what I expected, because I was hoping for a boy! :D
Awesome bathing suit fit as expected!
We ordered this for a friends baby shower. Definitely not for a newborn, but still perfect!
love it!!! a little long but great with heels. I received so many compliments from men and women of all ages :)
Perfect for layering. Definitely planning to order a couple more.
Waist was a bite large for me but the over all quality is great.
This is sooo soft! and not itchy. I will wear it all fall! fits super true to size.
Nice material, good stitching. Fit was as expected for my 6'2” husband. Worked very well for our Hawaiian themed party. Very vibrant and fun colors and design.
Soft and comfy...perfect Saturday morning lounge pants. The pockets are a bit shallow, but overall, these are a great buy.
Very slim. Very well constructed. Good leather. I've only been using it for a week or so, but so far so good.
Just received the package and tried it on. The material feels so soft and light - very similar to the 2 lululemon leggings that I own and I only paid 1/4 of what I paid for lululemon. I plan to wear it to gym and on a daily basis. I also like the high waist feature. I wish there were more colors and different designs to choose from. But black is always the classic and goes with everything. I will for sure come back to order more if there are different colors available. One other thing is that I wish there were the big pocket design which is one of the reason I love lulu. But for this price, this is the best quality/material I have seen. I shop a lot of active wear since I work out a lot. Most brands either charge way more or just using cheap materials. I am very happy with my purchase and will certainly recommend to my friends.
Got it for my wife. She liked it.
Looked exactly like it did in the picture and fit true to size!!
These glasses are wonderful. They came in a nice case...and when I put them on I was in love. They give great eye protection as well as they look very classy and stylish. The seller was amazing to work with and I will buy from her anytime.
Great work belt for my husband
Fit as expected. Came quickly!
This shirt is pretty awesome. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, the sparkle. Definitely exceeded my expectations. Use the size chart... it's pretty accurate. I'm usually a S/M and ordered a large and it fits well.
It is well made and fits perfectly. I had ordered a different brand before that was not this good.
I am a size 14 and I am on a weight journey so I will keep it it does fit and I love but if you are larger then that it will not fit
I love this dress! So flattering! I wore it to my baby shower and got so many compliments.
These No shoes are soft, comfortable and best of all they don't fall of my feet. I definitely need to order more.
I was looking for some socks to wear with my boat shoes. These are great. They barely show and never slip. Exactly what I was looking for.
I've gotten a lot of complements!
I was a lil worried pulling it.out of the pkg it looked way to small ...but after putting it on DAMN I was feeling it. I didn't look like a busted can of biscuits...I was looking GOOD!!!!!! I did go up a size I'm normally and XL and I got a XXL!!!! Big girls BUY this you won't be disappointed I promise!!!!!
These footies are awesome! Comfortable, wash and dry great!
Very flattering. Had to send it back to size down! What woman doesn't love that! I am a size 8. I have learned to be wary on Amazon and go up so I ordered a large. NOPE!
If you're bust is your best feature and you want to hide a bit of tummy and hip bulge, this is your suit. Photographs well, too, and doesn't ride up. Great value!
Loving my new sweater. It fits perfectly, is super soft and cozy. Will pair nicely with either jeans or leggings
Love these to help keep my daughters socks on!
I got these a week now worn 3 times and was its awesome. Plus I live in Florida and taught it will be hot its not. We had a few cooler mornings i wore it very soft and hold tummy up dont need extra girdle.
Good item. Exactly what we expected.
Super cute for the price. It's very soft and stretchy. Exactly what I was hoping for.
I like this shirt. It's bright and pretty and easy to take care of. It feels and looks good on.
Really cute, moderately flattering top. I read reviews to size up, but actually ended up returning and buying my “true to size “ fit. Even that is a little bigger than expected. It's a good thicker material.
Loved the dress! For reference I'm 5'1” wear a size 8 in most bottoms and 36 DD so I usually need a little more room up top. I will say the top was slightly tight against my chest but that is common with most dresses of this shape for me. Fit great through the shoulders and length on me.
I really like the fit of this Fleece
My two year old granddaughter absolutely loves these socks so much so that she puts them on her hands for puppets. The socks themselves are very well made and wash up beautifully.
The tank tops fit perfectly. They're easy to wash and perfect to wear either as sleepwear or in the summer.
Love how cute it looks on, super light weight. Great for the hot days!
I love this belt so much. It looks real. I don't think this belt match with the price. Just want to buy more if they have different colors.
These are sexy, no doubt about it. They really leave nothing to the imagination as they're pretty much completely see through and, if you're well endowed, it's gonna put you out there. Way out there. Like WAY out there. That being said, these underwear are incredibly comfortable. They're super soft, look great, and have just enough coverage to get all your important parts included. I highly recommend them. The only caveat? I wouldn't wear these with loose fitting pants.
fit great. sizing is as expected. i am normally a M/L but i went with a L/XL and i am glad i did. it falls perfectly.
My girls LOVE them...they wanted jojo bows but these are way cheaper and just as good!!
These gloves are nice and warm. They also provide a good grip to hold on to your ski poles. It comes with a small zipper compartment that I have not had much use for, but could be used for storing coins or IDs. Running under tap water they seem to be waterproof but I have not tested them outside yet. Overall, worth the price.
Generous and long very very comfortable I love it and will buy more again... I'm 5'8 and size 14/16
Great for thick or thin hair. Untangles even natural curly hair with ease and a lot less hair loss. Great for blow drying your hair it is so much quicker and easier
very comfortable. not tight, yet stays on snug.
Fits great. Will buy again.
It fits exactly what the picture shows the material itself is kind of blah and reminds me of high school sports! And I really have no clue what the little metal ring is for unless you're into getting like let around by A leash
This fit perfectly. It was for Graduation and worked perfect Thank You
I ordered this dress for Easter for my 12 year old daughter and the size S is just right for her 5'7" 130lb figure. With an inexpensive bra strap clip, any bra in the same color as the dress can be barely seen under this halter style. The pockets are not noticeable at all, but come in handy! There is a little bit of stretch to the fabric, so my daughter says it's very comfortable. What a great deal on a lovely dress!
I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas 2018, since he likes silly socks. And he was confused a little about the box when he unwrapped it, but was soo happy when he saw that it actually had pizza design socks inside. His reactions were great to watch. He loves them and shows them off. The quality is great and they fit well.
I want this dress in every color. I have a large chest and it complimented every inch of it! Great church dress!
Was actually surprised... fit well and the material isn't cheap. I'm satisfied!
Arrived on time and as described
5'5'' 150 38b and Medium fit me great! Super cute romper and for under 20 bucks I'd say it was a very good deal.
My husband loves these
Love the shirt. Wore it to my Bowling league and you should be getting some more orders from the people love the shirt. Even a team deciding to use as a bowling shirt.
Wanted no-show socks..must say they are the BEST I have ever bought, they do not slide, bunch-up ie stay in place. Stretch to fit. They have a non slip strip but it is not bothersome. Just received them and have worn everyday.
I love the color. It is very soft. The arms are a little long for me but I'm very short so that is not surprising for me. I'm glad to find a shirt of this length in my size!
Beautiful & comfortable with leggings. Lace holds up well after washing.
The gloves were warm and comfortable. They are stylish and attractive. The gloves arrived on time.
Great fit, beautiful colors and well made! Will definitely order again!
They don't shrink, they fit perfect and I love the color. I will be ordering more :) Thank you
This jacket is so warm! Super soft and comfortable. I have bought some for other people and they love it as well!
For upcoming Forth of July. Love it.
The pant is very light weight and easily absorb the sweat and keep always dry. The fabric is soft, very comfortable to walk or run and it's stretchable. The fit is perfect and has elastic as well and comes with a cloth belt as well I feel more comfortable compared to my current tracking pants
These fit perfectly, they look great, the pockets are big and functional. The material feels luxurious and really, really soft to the touch. I'll update after I actually work out in them but so far, I'm really impressed.
Love this shirt! It's so cute and it has little stars and moons that glow in the dark! Super cute! <3 A new favourite
I got this to wear at 8 months pregnant and it fit great and looked super sexy.
Originally ordered these for use at the gym but with it being summer right now I find myself wearing these everywhere especially to work under my uniform since my shop does not have AC. The breath-ability of these shirts is amazing and I'm very happy I purchased them. I've only washed them twice so long-term durability is not yet known.
great fit would order again M.P THANKS
Fantastic fit and i love how i can you my phone without taking them off.
Love the dress, very classy
Perfect fit, fancy but comfortable for a toddler, and great for pictures!!
Great shirt! Very soft and comfortable.
This skirt is awesome! It has a nice elastic waistline that makes it fit like a glove. I am 5'4 and 115 lbs, I bought a small and it fit perfectly. Great for renaissance faire!
Very pleased. Good quality and fit my checkbook perfectly.
I love these so much. I want to buy more in every pattern! They're cute, comfortable, and the colors are beautiful. They hold up well in the wash too. The fit is as expected. I'm a US size 4/6.
Very comfortable for kids.
I can do spin without hurting!!!
Super cute and fits perfectly...Good to wear around for the summer.
I love the hoodie! It fits great, It looks great. Thank you!
Love the low profile and the hat fits PERFECTLY! Great to have a cap that looks and fits great without having to be a walking billboard.
Beautiful brides maid dress. Will get the job done
The neck price could have been smaller. It was way to big to fit as the picture shows. But everything else was perfect and came promptly . Would order again
Pregnancy is one of the most significant times in a woman's life, having a baby takes a toll on your body and this belly band will ease the pain you feel as you are carrying your baby. Excellent purchase for first time mothers or even mothers that have had multiple children. Help make your back feel better.
Too big for new born but good material
Very nice belt, top quality & fast delivery.
As other reviews note, the material is thin, but I anticipated as much given I was ordering a 4 pack for such a low price. These crop tanks are best worn over a sports bra or bikini top... something you wanna show, not hide. I could tell they were thin so purposely order a large so that even as an outer layer, the fabric would fall somewhat loosely. I love the look for working out, hanging out at home, quick runs to the beach, that kind of thing. Soft and non-binding on the skin. I will probably live in these all summer.
Love this! I needed very high wasted shorts, and the scrunch on the back makes the booty “pop”. It's very high wasted and good thick material. I'm 180lbs, 5'8 and the large fit fine. I needed something that would support my stomach and help making my stretchmarks less visible on my stomach area.
Socks fit well and have a good grip on the bottom.
Good quality and very cute. Fit my very large 1 year old well with room to keep growing.
These are great. They're comfortable, fit well and don't ride up.
Loved this jumpsuit! It looks so good and surprisingly nice quality. It's lined so not see through.
Bought this for a friend for her vowel renewal as a surprise gift. I bought 5 dresses an and let her choose which she like best and this was the one! It looked great on her and fit like a glove. We did put a pasty bra and spanx in her since material was thin. She is 5'5 and 140lbs for reference. Best part was it was the lowest priced one and looks so nice and expensive! I bought a beaded crystal belt for her to wear with it and really turned into an elegant bridal look. It does snag easily so you'll definitely need to be careful.
It's really good and it fits really well
i order this shirt for me to wear with jeans .The perfect dress shirt where you can be casual dress to go out to dinner ,love the color of shirt .The material is soft and thin but u dont need a undershirt to wear but its very easy to wrinkle .You can wear sleeves down or you can rolled up the sleeves all the way up or you can just roll up the cuff for a dressier look u can even wear with shorts or with a skirt and can wear for any season you choose summer ,winter,fall,spring .Love the way it looks on me i would recommend purchasing this shirt either for yourself or for a relative or friend be the perfect gift
Great top. Amazing style and fabric. Will have to return because it fits tight. Will buy again just size up!
Nice quality, light weight, perfect fit! It was my first time buying a bathing suit online and I would absolutely buy from this store again. I was nervous, but it worked out great. Wore it to Miami and loved it.
The color is nice and it fits comfortably.
Great quality and fit. Bought XL for my friend and looks amazing!
The quality and color are great. I like them very much.
Works great, very comfortable. (For what it is, I don't want people to think any corset will be totally naturally comfortable, as its job is to squeeze you.)
I bought this for my wife and shes happy with the pants, they fit just right and doesn't put pressure on her belly at all.
Very durable and are made very comfy
I like the belt's rachet design a lot. Very good looking buckle and it went well with the leather. The belt can handle heavier duty than I what I expected. It also provides a comfortable fit and very stylish considering its solid construction.
This is a great sticky bra! It sticks really well. I have already washed it and it is still able to stick on. It is also true to size.
I got this for my husband and he loves it. I was expecting rough material for some reason but was surprised. Feels like an expensive silk shirt. He says it's comfortable. Looks great! I ordered the xl & it was a little big. True to size!
This made me look so hot!
I'm 6ft tall, 180lbs, c cup and these fit perfect. I love the fabric, the colors and the fit. It comes with removable pads (which I removed because with the brighter colors you can see the cushion pads), the material is thick enough so it really doesn't need the padding.
very nice fit comfy to wear
Bought this for hubby. Super comfortable. However it's a bit big on him on the waist line. But everything else is good.
This is a great wallet which holds everything I need
Costume is actually nicer than expected and can be worn regularly as a light hoodie/jacket.
Absolutely LOVED this jumpsuit! I was looking for something unique for my business photoshoot. This was perfect! Just enough stretch. It can be worn with or without a belt. The belt definitely gives it an edgy look!
Great bikini! I am 5'6, 130lbs and a small fits just great. Cant wait for summer!
Don't expect to keep you warm but it's great for storage. The only thing I didn't like on it was that it gave my hair static due to the material.
I received the product yesterday the belt was of very good quality and durability. I was able to trim to custom size easily. A very good value.
I bought this wallet as a gift to my friend. He surely loves it a lot. And the is amazing. Trust me if you buy this, you gonna love this.
Love this dress! I got a lot of compliments on it!
The shirt is made of a sport-wick material, and it's very soft. I wear it both to bed and in public because it's just that adorable. The shorts are lightweight and keep you cool in hot / humid weather. My new go-tos for lounging.
Cute, Warm and comfortable
Very soft and beautiful color. Just the right size and I would buy more other Colors from this brand
I love this dress. So does my 4 yr old. I got the size that she normally wears and it fit her really well.
This hat is awesome. Fits and looks good. Super happy
Reminds of other pants use to have wished they stop carrying it now I feel like I have to stock up on stuff. Hold the tummy in when doing hiit or different workouts like insanity but also kind of is flattering and smoothing.
Fits perfectly! Will take on my trip to Florida. Great price too!
Love these gloves. Fit perfect nice and fluffy and warm. Can't wait till we have real cold winter days here in central Pa to get good use of them.
I originally ordered this in large and it was a bit too clingy. Very flattering though and I decided to exchange it for the next size up. Wow, am very pleased! Like another reviewer, I found that wearing the tied keyhole on the back worked best for me. Such a comfortable and pretty dress. Not heavy, and not flimsy either.
Fits well, looks great and keeps me warm.
These socks are great. I wear them to work every day. They are comfortable and durable.
It is even more beautiful than the picture. Very chic! I love it!
Buy it!! It looks like the pics! I was shocked how much I liked it, being that I had low expectations cause of the price. I wouldn't say the material feels super quality at all.. but it's a bang for your buck!
Winter weather - love this jacket with flexible fit that works with my 'muffin shaped' body; warm; good looks. First parka I've seen in past 2/3 years when I've been looking, that I would buy - at such a reasonable price. Saw it reco'd on GMA! Everything they said about it true (got best rating over several options, many much pricier)
Better than I expected. Great quality, and color.
Loved it! A tid bit darker than I liked, but absolutely love it.
These shorts are so comfortable! I ordered size medium, and I'm 5'3 and 125lbs for reference. Usually wear US 4 or 6 in pants. They fit perfectly! I like wearing them high waisted because I do think the fit is a bit awkward at waist length. I love how they are not see through! Some shorts are so thin you can see panties through the shorts even without going to the sun. The material seems to feel pretty nice too. They do have a slight chemical smell to it, but I'm sure a throw in the wash would get it out. :)
Lots of compliments!
Fit well and don't ride up. Funky name but comfortable and unnoticeable which is what I want.
Middle reflective step makes it kinda hard to put on. The best way is to put an arm in half way with both arms up in the air. And slide it down over your head and other arms. Other than that they fit awesome. Also the materials are off good quality and soft.
Nice glasses. The seller is super cool. I would do business with them again. The shipping date is accurate.
I love the sleeves. It fits better than I expected. It has a nice length. It's not tight & not loose, just feels comfortable
This is adorable! My baby only wore it for about 10 minutes tho.. she hates anything on her head.
Super comfy. Doesn't look funny. Worked perfect walking on the reef in Hawaii. Definitely recommend
Definitely waiting for summer I'm sure as light weight as it is it'll help keep me cool and comfortable. Nice little surprise gift included that I wasn't aware of 😊
Fits perfect at my waist, too tight for chest but still looks cute! Just measure yourself and pic the closet size. I got so many compliments all day long
Some costumes really can't be separated from these traditional accessories to reflect their inner style and texture. This strap is simple and elegant. The gray diamond block on the top will not make it look too dull. Metal parts are not bad.
I really like this cap. It is very comfortable. It also stays in place all night long. I highly recommend this product
The shirt was made well and not cheap like other shirts I have bought online
Great quality fabric and fit. I am 5'6” 32D size 27 pants so ordered a medium based on other reviews. Fit was spot on! Ordered the smaller matching one for my 13 month old and she looks adorable.
Looks super flattering! Can't wait to wear it out!
Good buy but shorter than the other tops like this i've Bought previously
I love you and I wear it all the time just like anything else I've done for them but it wonderful looks good and I love him
Well made and great fit!
Fits well with leggings. Wash on casual with cold water, put in dryer on ex-.low about 10 min. if it needs to shed some wrinkles, otherwise just hang on hanger to dry. Looks brand new.
Good quality for the price. Wish there had been more of the longest size tho as they seem to be the only ones we need. Would also be better if they were a mm wider.
I purchased this swimming trunks liking the design, color and fit. These swim trunks with pockets are soft and comfortable, quick drying with the mesh lining.The design includes both two side pockets and one back pocket with button. I like, really happy!
Great price and fit well for longer, thin baby.
Love the color! Love the pocket! On my daily commute I keep my reading glasses in it. But it will be really handy those times I don''t have a pocket or a bag but need someplace to stash my phone. The fabric is soft and comfortable. I am interested to see if there is a lighter summer weight fabric...maybe a woven cotton vs this nice t-shit knit. I will buy more of these and have already purchased one as a gift.
Perfect fit. Recipient loved it! Recommended.
Nice money clip really like the distressing and the leather is really masculine but higher end looking
This is a pretty and well-made. It's one of my daughter's favorites that she wears all the time. Comparable to other more expensive brands.
These pants were exactly what I wanted. They fit great, they are firm but not to tight,. I love the side pockets, they are slimming and comfortable for working out, hanging out at home, and walking the dogs. I am very satisfied!
There are perfection. I wore the regular size during early pregnancy and the plus size during my postpartum days. They are better than lularoe. And half the price! 😍
The top hides many flaws and since it's high-low, it covers your bottom. The lace trim at the bottom is very feminine and adds drama to an otherwise plain top. It goes well with leggings and skinny jeans.
Looks great! The inside is SUPER soft! I've never had a beanie with a different lining on the inside, and I'm loving it! It keeps your head very warm. The only potential con is that the hat is a little small. It's elastic, though, and can definitely stretch.
I bought 2 pairs of these pants and they are great! Very comfortable and they fit very well in all the right places.
This thermal underwear fit just right and are of good quality.Keep my legs warm but not too hot,comfy enough that you don't really know you have them on.They stay up where they're supposed to be and the leg bottoms don't roll up and aren't too tight.
The dress is beautiful but would like a darker purple.
Love this cute dress. Perfect for a pair of boots and jeans. My niece love it!
Good quality with good price. 12 different pairs socks is great for kids. They are comfortable and soft. I also like the color, each one contains many colors, so it wouldn't look really dirty after your kids run around on the floor.
Very warm. Durable and comfy.
I absolutely loved this dress in red!! I ordered a Medium and so glad I did. I did have to adjust a bit because of the bra I wore but if I had gotten a small it would've been too tight for me. I will definitely order this dress again in a different color!!
We used this for a school wax museum
I love the shorts.. Holes was cut well. They look very nice on.
I bought a few of these in different colors, thanks I love them
The length of the dress the fit was just what I was looking for. I use this for my womb healing sessions I do and I like it because it covers up everything.
I'm going to order a few more. Great product at a good price.
This dress is absolutely amazing .. best dress I've purchased online. I am waiting for the pink to be restocked and have purchased another neon green dress
A little on the small side, but beautiful
I like it very much. I delivery my baby last month . There is a lot of fat on my stomach. This tummy control underwear makes me look thinner. It very suitable.
Fits great and arrived fast. I should have ordered a few more actually! Mater is soft!
Love that Snape is featured on this shirt!
We all got these for Christmas Eve... everyone LOVED them. Best ever
Too many earrings and not enough ways to see them was my problem. Although not all big earrings will fit in these compartments, most of them do and I can easily see which ones are there without opening up the case. I have 3 of these now and plan for a couple more to replace earring boxes with solid tops and compartments that are too deep to extract a delicate earring.
Perfect for the occasion!
Love these leg gear if in stock will buy more soon
I like the fit, but the ratchet is not my favorite type. . It has ease of access, but it hard to fit the belt through.
Beautiful dress. Fit is great. I just needed a bigger size.
Loved the comfort, loved the fit, loved the cut. Loved everything about it, except the price. The quality of the lace felt a tad lacking for the $30 price range, and I'm not confident in how well it would hold up after a few washes. This didn't bother me much as I bought this as a bridal top to wear a few times at most for some wedding related events. Worked like a charm!
This a great costume, matches everything in the picture and description.
Great product. My daughter wears it just about daily and her little brother has an olaf that he wears lol
Really like the way these fit.
Item was delivered 1 day before the expected date. It comes in a resealable package which makes easier to handle and pack for traveling. Both pieces, top and bottom, fit well and feel comfy and warm. Excellent product!
Good product fast service
Comfy and close enough to realistic to get the job done
These socks are so soft, they fit perfectly, they don't slide down into my shoe, they wash well. Price was good. Happy with purchase.
My granddaughter loved it!
I bought these for my husband and he loves them. right length and the added pant liner is great. Would recommend these shorts.
beautiful dress. Got so many compliments. Worth every penny and more!
Great top! Normally wear XS or small and I ordered a small. I was worried about it, reading all the reviews. But it was PERFECT! Super cute!!
Great socks and good buy. Feel very comfortable!
I read the reviews and was really hesitant. I decided to try based on the price and the comments which said they were soft. I am happy I did! I didn't expect them to be so soft and cozy. They're high waisted, stretchy and overall good quality. Would absolutely buy again!
There stockings are pretty good, I like them very much. They are soft and thin, but also in very good shapes after normally washed. I will purchase more.
Love this sweater. It's cute actually. Not ugly at all. The fit is great. Thanks
Thick and soft socks they are super comfortable every month I have to buy new socks :)
Good reading glasses.
Love it! I was the perfect way to tell my daughter that she was going to be a big sister!❤️❤️
These yoga pants were very comfortable and fit as expected. They were a nice high rise and the material was very soft and silky.They had good flexibility and stretch. Really liked the fit.
Very pretty..But you might want to get a larger size up..
Fits as expected great material! Really like!
These belts (I ordered 3) are the best belts I've ever worn. Being a bit on the heavier side, belts with holes never fit quite right. With these belts, fit is never an issue.
Perfect fit, and quality. I ordered two more pair.
Comfy and nice weight
Really like this hat. It has a high bonnet and my pony tail fits nicely.
This bra is so comfortable. The "bones" of the bra are moved away from the body leaving smooth support. It gives me a very natural look. I use this during water aerobics and after several months, it shows no sign of fading or wear. No parts of this bra "roll" or twist. It moves with me, not against me. I LOVE IT!
great quality socks! Their colors are bright and looking nice. It came with a cool box. If you are planning to buy a gift, it is ready.
Thank you! It is light, warm and not bulky.
I have very long fingernails and it fits perfectly. Most importantly, the mittens keeps my hands very warm in the frigid Chicago weather!
Wife loves it says very comfy
I bought these for my two daughters and me as our annual Christmas Eve PJs. They fit just as expected and are very comfortable. I'm glad I found them!
For the price, the fit and quality of this pullover are incredible. It looks great, and is VERY warm; I almost can't wear the thing indoors for long periods of time without overheating. Great for winter time.
Ordered the gray one, which looks so nice when it came. Easy to adjust the hat to fit me. Comfortable and I feel great about it.
This are very nice and sexy
Great product. I purchased the belt two sizes larger than my belt size and it's perfect. This is a real double layered leather belt. The quality is nice.
I normally dont order this offline as these outfits are better bought in person. I was highly surprised how perfect this fit and that it looks exactly like the picture in person. I highly reccomend this!
This is a very high quality product that delivers as advertised.
The athletic leggings is good and stretchy with easy to fit on. The fabric is also good as it is less likely to be rip when stretch.
Absolutely loved this coverup! Was it the best quality...no but it was still super cute. Got so many compliments on it.
I love everything about the socks I received. Definitely will shop with you guys again.
Exceeded my expectations. I was impressed with the appearance and the apparent quality of materials. Highly recommended.
I love these underwear my second time purchasing them. Very comfortable I would recommend these to anyone looking for a comfy cotton underwear. They do run a little big I'm usually a medium but I ordered a small and it fits perfect.
I'm 5'1 and the extra small fits but a little long. Still my favorite leggings!
Perfect Dress for Easter! She loved it & looked Beautiful 🌸
Great costume! Lots of compliments
Its light and packable , but also warm. Great addition to a sweater or sweatshirt!
Everything very nice feeling
My poor sister-in-law. She is disabled. She has no income so I buy her necessities like socks. She LOVES these socks. They fit fine, are very soft and comfortable. She needs socks for the cold Pennsylvania winter so she can go to her therapy sessions. Now I think she has more new socks than I do!
Omg! These socks are soooooooo soft and comfortable! Nice and thick and they keep my feet so warm and cozy. Absolutely love the slipper socks.
I love this so much, it's super cute and comfy! This runs short which wasn't an issue for me as I'm 5'2 and I ordered a medium. I'm usually a small so it's a little big on me but I'm ok with that!
they worked great.. np problems with these bags..
These socks are a very good quality and great price. I would buy these again.
Theses underwears are the best because they stay up and feel very soft on me the length of these underwears are the best not to short not to long it perfect.
This dress is perfect! I love the material, perfect for summer/fall! The cut is very flattering!
Great color, hat is burgundy but under the bill is carhartt tan, kind of neat look. This hat fits my big ole Irish head plus all of my hair. I would definitely buy again.
So soft, warm and comfy
I love this shirt, it is so soft and I love the color! I usually order a Medium, so I bought a Medium and it fits great!
When I opened this package, I was surprised that the quality of the product far exceeded the price of the product. I am really happy to buy it at such a low price. Thank the seller
I'm always looking for long casual dresses to wear. This one is perfect! I can dress it up with accessories or keep it simple. I'm going to order it in Black as well.
This is the only strapless bra I use now! It works amazing by itself when I wear anything that's backless. But I sometimes wear it if I want to show some cleavage also 😝 i wear it under my bralette when I want to show some cleavage and it's honestly the best thing!
I love this clothe, it's very comfortable and durable!
Very good quality. Looks great. I love it!
This dress is very pretty. The back does fit a bit weird if you keep the straps up, as it is designed to be off shoulder. I got tons of compliments
My son loved them. He wears them to school.
I wanted to buy a long sleeves sleepwear for winter, and pink is my favorite color. This sleepwear is so soft and comfortable. I ordered a size (S-M) since I like my sleepwear to have a little more room, more comfortable when I sleep.
This mesh tote is going to be so perfect for the summer months. I love that I can carry snacks or towels or whatever I might need for the beach or the park as well as the small cooler underneath that can hold drinks , water, even a couple of bottles of wine if me and my girlfriends so desired.
The belt is of good quality and soft. It's comfortable. My husband loved it.
My 18 month old wore this dress to a wedding we attended. It was adorable and washed well after getting red velvet cake on it. Definitely recommend and can't go wrong with the price!
My father in law loved these so much that he wants to purchase more for himself. I bought them as a Christmas gift for him and he was so impressed with the quality!
Belt works great and a 3-pack is a good deal.
It really works! Very happy with this and perfect to wear with my dresses. Comfortable and my chest stays secure. Thank you
Cute, comfy and a great price. Made a wonderful birthday present.
My daughter turned 4 years old 2 months ago and it bits a tad bit big (nothing noticeable), but I'm glad. This way it can for her for awhile. She's a growing girl anyways.
Fits well, comfortable. Awesome price.
Nice looking and does not feel or look cheap
Planned on wearing this during labor, but ended up wearing a tank and sweat pants. Wore this the next morning and loved it. Comfy, easy to nurse in, feels much better than wearing a hospital gown.
I wear mine to sleep to teach my butt what to do because after a while it makes my butt so sore. It does what it says. & if I ever do go out I will keep it on. But it helps. I'm buying 5 more.
This is the best leash I have ever bought. I use it as a cross body instead of around my waist and its perfect for me and my service dog Duke. The double bungee design puts minimal tugging to me and I love having the traffic control handle just in case
I bought a size 14 for my daughter to wear in my upcoming wedding in November. It fits just a tiny bit big in the chest area but i do not mind since she grows so much. It is very long though and will have to get hemmed. However, the material isn't too cheap looking and for the price I couldn't ask for anything more.
Wore it once around the house for a little bit cause I just couldn't wait for warmer weather , Well it's cute and I really couldn't wait ,it was perfect for me and true to size , I got a medium in this because of the arms area and it looks like it would be snug around the arms on the model
These are amazing! Very comfortable and perfect length. I'm 5'8 and 195lbs, ordered a large.
Cute shirt fits as expected
Bought this for a gift. Great value and quality.
I am very impressed with the quality of this hat given the very reasonable price. I've seen hats costing over twice as much that don't look any better than this one. Excellent hat and excellent value!
These fit just right. Very comfortable!
The shirt fit perfectly, thinner material to not be bulky but adds enough warmth. I will use it for work and outdoor winter activities. Glad I bought 2!
Very sturdy and holds shape. My 13 year old loves it!!
My dress hugs me at the top and at the bottom it's open to different occasions..... Lol.....
I really liked this night wear
Love it! Keeps my hair from tangling and frizzing up and stays in place pretty well
The material seems substantial not like an undershirt. I like the color and the printing. I would recommend this to friends.
I love, love, this dress. I got a lot of compliments on it.
Good quality. Comfy.
Got these because I'm pregnant. Works great.
Very comfortable and cute.
I am in love with this dress, it is super comfortable, cute, and most importantly has pockets! I have been wearing the dress in my 8th and 9th month of pregnancy, and will continue to wear it while nursing. I plan to buy at least one of the other colors because I am so happy with this dress!
Its the summer and she continues to wear this hoody everyday. It is perfect.
Product works well. Purchase was easy and delivery was timely.
Love these boot liners for my rubber boots....this is my second pair as I wore the others through. They last a long time.
This is a beautiful kimono. I like how vivid the color is. Plus it's very comfortable and has already become my favorite for lounging around the house in.
This is just perfect! Fits great, looks amazing, my son is so proud in it. It is not heavy like a real suit, which is great for kids! Looks the part and my son loves it. He is 52 inches tall and is 8 years old, very skinny - and size 10 worked perfect. The pants are elastic, so I was happy about that. The tie is also really neat and easy to use. I would order this every year in a different size if needed!
Loved the pocket! I also loved that it covered enough that I was comfortable walking around in them all day
Fits well, and Gets a lot of compliments.
Got for a gift. she was adorable in it!
I loved this merlot color. Has pockets! Not too short. So flattering. I'll be wearing this all fall.
Very soft, and looks good after multiple washing.
Love these ! Shocking they fit perfect! And are so comfortable!
I love this suit. I am an XL and it is very flattering. My husband loved it. This is my second suit from this brand and its definitely a keeper.
I got this for my neice. She is always saying her head is cold. She is also a momma to 2 beautiful rescued furbabies (cats), Max and Ritchie. The hat is nice and warm and the added ears and whiskers are a bonus. It is well made and so cute.
Lovely dress. Material is amazing! Fits like a glove.
Most comfortable underwear to date!! Ordering some more soon.....
For under a sheer shirt
These pants are great for a high intensity workout! They have a tight fit throughout the leg so they don't slip or fall down while you're working out and the high waistband is very flattering and does not roll down. The material is very soft, but it's thicker so it absorbs the sweat and isn't at all see through when you move or bend over. The pockets on these pants are great too - they lay completely flat against the leg and don't stick out at all. The quality of these pants are comparable to my Nike and Athleta leggings, except 1/4 of the price. Will definitely buy again!
Perfect size. A ride around town, a walk up the street, or just feeling like looking dapper for the day. These ties are silky material, bright colors and the quality allows to be worn multiple times (unlike ones purchased at the local superstore)
Thick, well made fall/winter tights. Good value for price. I'm replacing a previous well loved set. They lasted 3years. Recommended!
I love the waist and stretch, very comfy
Exactly as shown. True to size.
It's perfect! I LOVE it! I wish they made female sizes but can't complain about this one.
I absolutely love love love this bag! Alice in Wonderland is my favourite Disney girl and loungefly my favourite brand for bags! When I saw this design I just knew I had to get it! The details on the bag look so nice and it feels as if they were hand painted. I've gotten so much compliments from my friends and strangers I met (especially during my family's recent disneyworld trip) and I must say it's a purchase I do not regret!
Belts look nice. I wish I would have went a size larger due to the fact that when i tighten mine the belt end doesn't stretch all the way over to my belt loop to secure it so I have to move my buckle sideways so my belt end does not get caught on things or flaps around.
I love the colors of them and the band it's super soft stretches very well and does not hurt my babies head
I love these pants so much, I just bought another one in the same style in light grey. I also bought the jogger. I'm impressed by how comfortable and well made they are. They are 100% cotton, and went through the washer and came out without a wrinkle. It's a nice change from the standard yoga and harem pants!
She loved it. Would recommend it to anyone
exercise and to wear under long shirts
Fits "like a glove"! So soft & right up to my elbows. Extremely happy with my purchase!
Would definitely order this again. The material was good quality and fit great.
Very pleased and my daughter looked beautiful. Bought this dress for her kindergarten graduation.
Love the colors, texture/material, and perfect fit! Will have to get more...
Great beanie, stylish, comfortable, and fits just fine. Received many compliments and questions about where I purchased it and the price. You can't go wrong with beanie.
OMG YES JUST BEAUTIFUL I WAS THE HIT OF THE BALL
DRESS WAS GORGEOUS AND FILT WELL BUT CAME WITH A HOLE DOWN THE SEAM
Just loved loved loved it! Great quality nd I will order it again.
Good quality nice and thin
Super cute. I gave them as a Christmas gift for a dinosaur lover and they adored them. Great product.
I like the stretchy material. Make it easy to move in.
Although it was late getting here but its a very beautiful piece
The chef pants fit wonderfully and are much cheaper than chef uniform stores
So soft and pretty! I'm a size 10, curvy. The large is perfect. Not too tight, but fitted.
I was really surprised when I received my purse. It looked exactly like the pictures lol. I love all the pockets and how soft the outside is. I'm extremely pleased.
Bought these for my 8 year old grandson for soccer camp. He loved the bright colors except for the pink. They wash well and seem like they will last well.
Great color assortment and fit well. Good quality
Goid fit and quality
Love this dress! Very comfortable and cool for summer days. I bought a large while i was pregnant in my third trimester. I believe my stomach was at 52 inches if that helps. Very good stretch to it. Love it so much I bought me multiple prints.
They're so comfy and really good quality
Worked well for Elsa at our princess party. Larger and longer than expected but we were able to pin it up. Ordered size medium and it was more like a large.
It was described as a sweater but it isn't.
Decided to try these since the photo was so pretty. I absolutely love them!! Seriously soft and a great snuggly fit to keep my fingers warm. The palm accent makes them so much more fashionable than a plain pair. Originally bought as a gift, but I'm keeping them and buying another for my friend.
My little girl loved to dress up as the PJ Mask characters. She ran around with the capes and masks and had a blast.
Great in large snowstorm that occurred the same week they arrived
I absolutely love this shirt. I'm actually fixing to purchase another color. Its perfect!!! I've always been skeptical about buying clothes online and this was my first time. Very pleased...
These tank tops are amazing! I am 5'4” and 270 lbs and I got 3x and they go down over my butt. They don't ride up or roll up. Love these! Thinking of getting more!
It did shrink in the washer dryer. So wash in cold and line dry it. Otherwise I love this sweater!!!!
Love the Ratchet System with the belt. Super easy to use and looks great! Loved it so much that I got another one in Black!
Fit nice, feel good, and are not see through. That's about all I care about in leggings.
Granddaughter loves.
If you're bustier like me, 36DDD, then this is probably how the suit will look on your chest. It's very flattering in the tummy and butt though. Good quality for the price, I would recommend
Pleasantly surprised. I wore these for 10 hours and they didnt pinch or press into my legs like the ones I wore in the Marine Corp. Bands are sturdy and the rubber inside the clips provide a tight hold and doesnt lose grip.
I am in love. the material is decent quality. the price is affordable. also it is fresh I am in love with it.
My son is a big fan of Iron Man and Captain America. When we showed him the shirts, he was excited. He even recognized black panther. I like that the shirts are more based on the original characters than the new ones. Shirts fit great for a boy transitioning from 4t to 5. The quality of the characters is good too and I do not expect it to fade or chip off anytime soon.
Love the fit , i have slender legs, and have trouble with sagging in the upper thigh/butt area of most pants . These left no sagging, yes !!!!
Bought for teen She loves it Took online advice and purchased one size larger Teens like the loose fit as shown on model
Super soft and comfy! Fits well and shoulders don't creep up...
Super soft and they stay in place very well
Great shirt to be paired with slacks for work or jeans on the weekend. My pregnant daughter loves it.
Very flattering. Beautiful suit.
Love them! Very comfortable
My daughter is a size 6 and I'm a size 8 these socks fits us perfectly. They're very comfortable. It's not too thick or too thin it's made just right. We love how there are several choices to choose from for the designs and colors. I will definitely order more.
So far these socks have been working really well. I've been wearing them to a Pilates barre class with a special carpeting. They grip the carpet well and feel secure on my foot. I love the criss cross straps on the top. Great socks, will probably buy more in different colors :)
My daughter wears leggings all the time and I thought these would be cute for her since winter is coming. The fabric is stretchy. They have an elastic waistband. The colors are very vibrant and bright. The snowmen are 2 3/4" long and stand out on the black fabric. There are also pine trees and snowflakes. I highly recommend.
I was really surprised at how beautiful this dress was. I was very skeptical buying off Amazon, but the reviews are true. This dress is beautiful and fits like it was made for me. It is a little long so I will have to get about 6 inches trimmed, but other than that it is perfect! I really reccomend spending the money on this dress if you've been eyeing it.
Foot size 13 and I thought that these may be a bit small and took a chance. They fit the way I wanted them, not too high and not too low. They sit by my mid ankle and have kept their fit after multiple uses. Not thick but not too thin either. Like them and would buy again.
very nice coat, warm and comfortable for winter. make sure u put your name or a phone number inside with a marker. everyone wants one.
Kept me very warm as a bottom layer of clothing!!!
Very good quality. Briefs don't stretch nor shrink after washing. Low rise is not too low, which makes it more comfortable for normal bodies.
bought as a gift, so I can't speak on fit.... but it looks true to size and a nice quality
Color was just as shown, it fit really well. Recommend
Product arrived quickly and is exactly what was advertised.
Great band and a well made hat 👍
Very flattering & comfortable suit.
It does exactly what it's supposed to do! My wife loves it
Hanes is a great brand and fit as expected.
This sweater is very comfortable, lightweight, and the fit perfect!
Just received my top today and I am so delighted. The vertical stripes give the allusion of a slimmer look.
This suit is very pretty. The pictures don't show all of the detail on the darker lower part of the suit. The lilac color on top is much prettier in person as well.
Love the toboggan. Great quality and fit. Disappointed with delivery as this is my 2nd amazon prime delivery in the last month that has arrived late.
Great gloves, fit well and did the job.
This top is really cute - the material is very soft and comfortable! The detail at the bottom is a nice touch as well.
Used it for Christmas to dress up as Santa and the kids thought I was a real Santa Claus! Great material overall.
They fit perfect. I have been wearing Kut jeans exclusively for the past 3 or 4 years. They're very comfortable.
Very warm hat and roomy
My daughter picked it out, came exactly as described. My daughter loves it!
My son liked this so much he bought a second. High quality resin and the paint is perfect. Will be getting him the wig and hat.
Was an absolute perfect dress. Perfect fit and length
Change it 2 times even with the biggest sizes still run small
The material is soft.i love it
Quality on dress is good. Look just like the picture
This piece fit beautiful. But glad I bought one size up.
It's so cute, a great fun shirt to wear. Fit as expected and the sleeves aren't too tight - which is nice. Not too stretchy and not itchy.
Package arrived beautifully wrapped and presentable. Beautiful color and perfect fabric - not too heavy and not fragile. It looks beautiful! Can't wait to wear it out!!
Nice and small hold all my card and a nice amount of cash
Loved the socks and arrived as promised
First I thought they were flimsy but now I wear them when I do my 5-6 mile walks daily.They protect from the sun and are comfortable.
Work great with all my bras. Give a little bit more room
It covers my entire torso, great fit, and amazing results. I really love it I just purchased another one.
So darn cute. It is a bit large on both my three and almost five year olds. I got the four t size. Wings lay nicely. Hood is plenty big! Seams are nice, no loose threads.
Absolutely amazing, white material is super stretchy yet not see through.This is a sexy hollow out two piece outfit.Want another black piece.
Great product - just what I expected.
I absolutely love this purse! Color, size, compartments, feel- all worth the purchase!
A must have. Very pretty dress.
First off, the fact that this product is made with reused plastic bottles is absolutely amazing. Aside from that, this is truly a fantastic swimsuit. It is slimming without actually looking like a suit designed for that purpose. All in all, this is a fab suit. I love the fact that is has a clasp on the back for extra security since backless ones are known to be a bit tricky at times. If you want something sexy and comfortable, this suit is the way to go.
Fits well, and looks good.
I have other (and other brands) of lift and support bras. This is the nicest one I have out of all of them. I will be ordering more of this style very soon. I'm a 42C so support is very important to me. This one has the support but is also a little softer than the others. I have washed it several times and it remains soft and supportive. I highly recommend it.
Love it! Superb quality!
Very cool and comfortable
They r really nice glad I bought nice to wear with leggings.
Great colors. Nice and sturdy.
Beautiful dress!! We used it for our twins during their unicorn shoot. Highly recommend!
I decided to start using hankies in lieu of tissues because I use so many due to allergies. I've decided to live deliberately to try and minimize the waist I generate and these lovely soft flannel hankies are a perfect contribution. Highly recommended from a gal using handkerchiefs!! Let's start a hanky movement!!
"how does this product fit? Perfect.i followed the advice and went a size up because I'm 6'1. I love this dress
We bought this wallet for my wife who was in desperate need of a new one. She was very specific with her need for space. This was perfect for her! Enough space for all her cards and business cards but compact enough to fit in a smaller purse. The quality is amazing and will hopefully withstand the years for abuse she will give it.
As many reviewers have mentioned, in the endless search for the perfect hat this one is darned close; glad I also got one in khaki. Bonus fun: playing with patches.
Now that the left is going to release a movie depicting Lib's hunting down and killing Trump supporters, you need this hat and cc 24/7
Nice socks. Wife likes them a lot and plans to wear a different pair every day during the Holidays.
I just love the fact that you pull it over your head and you're ready to go. I was looking for something very casual or something I could dress up and this is the dress. I love it.
Super cute and comfortable!
Very comfortable. I will definitely buy these again.
I absolutely love this bathing suit! It is so comfortable and flattering. I'll buy more colors! I am 5'3" 120lbs, 34b, and I ordered a small.
I received many compliments!!!
This dress.... I want to buy one in every color it fit so perfect and was so adorable. I bought this for a Kentucky Derby party but will definitely wear it as much as I can because it fits so well, is so comfortable and is soooooo pretty. Highly recommend this dress. True to size.
Fits good. I followed the guidelines and ordered two size up I usually wear M. Fabric is very nice, and stays in place.
bought for my daughter and she likes them a lot.
They are super comfy but size down as they stretch out a lot.
I liked the stretchy material and bright vibrant colors
This is a great and comfortable hat happy with purchase
Fits wonderfully and has well coverage.
The shirt fit me as expected love it
Fit perfect! Perfect length to prevent “the rash.” They actually came from Maui, so keep that in mind when you order and when you need them by. Amazingly mine arrived the exact day I needed them. Plan on ordering another pair!
Bought this for my brother for Christmas! He loved it! Perfect for any Marvel lover!
Good socks to fit for a few months
I like the stile, but the material little thin.
Fits nicely, good for lap swimming. So far no color loss from chlorine or stretching
I wore this dress for my engagement photos; I wasn't sure what size dress I should wear since typically I can fit between a medium and a large depending on the material of the dress. For those women who are looking to try this dress, I am 5ft, 160lbs woman with a 38DD chest. I decided to buy a size up from the large, so an XL, because the material looked like it would be a snug fit. Thank god I did. The chest area and the stomach area were stretchy but it definitely was snug around those areas. however the sleeves were kind of loose for and the skirt was flowey so its really up to you and your preference. I have worn this dress numerous times since the photo session! its truly a beautiful dress :)
comfy and help me swim in cold water with ease. Thanks
Great Belt! Nice Presentation. Comes with a bag and a jeweler's box.
Amazing fabric and great quality!! much better than boyshorts I bought before! They're super soft and seams are great quality.
Great gift for the guy who wants something different!
OMG! THIS SCARF IS SUPER AMAZING! SUCH A GREAT QUALITY & SO SOFT, LONG, BIG, PERFECT FOR MY 7' SNOWMAN & WARM & CUDDLY, NICE RED, IT CARESSES YOU & MY SNOWMAN, LOL. LOVE IT!
I used it for my daughters graduation and it was really comfortable
Really nice fit and good material.
These are very comfortable front zip sports bras. I needed a front zip one after breast implant surgery. The bras provided adequate support and are very easy to put on. They also held up very nicely in the washer and dryer, I didn't put them in any special laundry bags or anything. Even several weeks after surgery, I still wear these when i go running or when I work out. The should straps are nice and thick and do not dig into your shoulders.
It is a good purse but i am going to order a larger size.
These are medium sized so be aware if ordering for a smaller child. The knit of the wrist is tight enough for them to stay on, but they are "roomy" for this 4 year old child's hands. Probably warmer this way. Lots of colors and good, tight knit so they will retain heat. Good value.
Perfect size and quality, thank you! Looks cute on my daughter.
They're a Christmas present, but he's had this brand before and really have liked them.
My husband loves this costume. We got it in the mail the day after we ordered it and he has worn it since then.
One of my favorite quotes ever
Keep up the GREAT customer service.
I was pleasantly surprised! I hoped it would be a nice soft fabric and it is! It fits so nice and is very flattering. I am usually between a med and large, but the medium was perfect. I'm 5'6" 155lbs 36DD
This was a gift and the woman I gave it to commented on how her daughter wanted to 'borrow' it.
Great product good support would definitely purchase again!!
The fit was very good
These fit so well ! They fit like my Nike pants and look so good on my butt lol
I like how soft and comfortable they are. even look good after wearing and washing and drying
Love these leggings! Perfect to wear for our camping trips
Just love it. I purchased one for my wife as well and she love.
I'm 5'9 and these pants fit my height well. They aren't see-through and the side pocket holds my 8+ iPhone comfortably. I would buy these again.
I really like the design of this waist trimmer it stays in place and it is comfortable. It does not roll and It's also great for post surgery.
Adorable. Got the marine dress blues uniform. Looks great on it.
High quality. Worth it.
love it nice weight - can fold put in plastic bag and bring in and out of A/C - live in Fla
OMG! This is magical! It fits me so damn good! I am 5'6", 150lbs, a little on the chunky side (for now lol) and it hugs my curves so great! I love how good it feels and fits.
Great stays up doesnt roll down. Recommend it 100!
Good fit and soft material. Perfect size. Slouches perfect. Not super thick, but still kept me warm on an Oregon fall day.
best I have tried so far
Fit perfectly and hold up for my job as a general contractor.
Bought these last minute for extra socks on vacation & was surprisingly shocked! I am buying another pack now. I wear size woman's size 10 & they for perfect. Did not fall down into my shoe and we did a ton of walking each day. I haven't washed them yet, but right outta package is perfect fit.
I have gotten A LOT of compliments on this dress. I bought it to go on vacation to a Caribbean island and it worked perfectly. It fit exactly as expected and it wasn't too long, which can sometimes be an issue for me. I'm 5'5 130 lbs and a small was just right.
Omg!! I had doubts about it but ordered it to see how it would play out. Let me tell you i have never been more excited to wear a swimsuit in my life!!! It is a stunner and makes me look snatched and fabulous. Dont sleep on this one it is worth the purchase :)
Amazingly satisfactory for such a low price. Nice quality, bright colors. I am enjoying it.
Perfect! Great stretch while still supportive. Cups are a good shape and don't stick out in weird places. Very breathable. Love these!
I wear size 12, I have a pair of slip on shoes that I put inside, when I slide my foot in and tie up the clown shoe you can't even tell you're wearing a shoe underneath. They do look different from the picture but they are still pretty nice. There is a lot of traction on the bottom, for some reason i thought they would have no traction but they do and that is a good thing. I wore them around for a couple hours and there was no problem with the shoe. If you go into buying this shoe knowing each one will look different then I think these won't disappoint.
Wear this all the time! Super comfortable and casual.
Perfect sun hat for the beach & easy to travel with, will fit neatly in a small carry on suitcase.
Appreciate the secure, flat buckle design and choice of 3 basic colors. Good belt for outdoor fishing and hiking pants.
My daughter uses this for her cosplays and it looks great. She is alittle over 5' and it drags the ground alittle but she loves the look. Velvety on the outside but no lining on the inside. I am not a robot nor do I get paid for this review. I always wonder which reviews are real when I read them so I add this statement to mine.
I wear this jacket almost every day. I live at 9,000 ft so it's often chilly. I love how warm it is. I also love the colors.
I bought these for my bf's birthday. He said they are so comfortable and they are the first socks of this type that actually stay in place. He is loving them. They were a great price too. Very happy with these.
Great quality, great price!
Wore my 1st pair today and love them. :)
So glad I found these! These are the perfect fit and length for me.
Thin but supportive, these socks were exactly what I needed. I'll be buying more!
It fit me perfectly. Which is good since i usually custom order things like this.
The shirt fit the way it should and the material is great. It has been keeping me cool in the heat, as it is breathable.
These are possibly the best underwear I have bought. Fits snug on the waist in a good way; they don't droop. Great package support. Bought a pack last month and buying another one so I can throw out my other underwear. Buy it!
The only shorts I can wear in and out of the gym comfortably! They don't roll up, slide down, or anything. It holds everything up and in place, which is exactly what I wanted and needed.
Absolutely adorable and good quality material
My wife absolutely loved it, she's a collector of scarfs and ponchos. The material has a soft almost cloud like feel and is one size fits all (I was quasi-worried because ordering clothing is kinda of a no-no). I would recommend this item for people looking for a stylish affordable look.
Accurate description of product. Glove size accurate as well.
Beautiful color! Fits good, comfy, warm! I can pull it down over my ears and beyond if I needed to.
This product looked and fit a little differently than I expected when I ordered. But the company was good to work with and refunded me! It's still a cute product and is worth it for the money.
Socks are a very high quality product. Unfortunately because I have thick calves, the ribbon design stretched out way too much and looked awful.
Loved this! Bought for my son for Halloween, he absolutely loved it, thin fabric, a little itchy, so wear something under.
Nice wallet. Just received. It seems like it will hold up.
I liked these so well that I ordered a second pair.
Perfect and softer then I expected so yay
I had one of these same wallets for at least 10 years. I only bought the new one, because the old one was finally wearing out.
Little bigger than expected. I usually wear a large in shirts so that is what I ordered but I could have gotten a medium. But I still love sleeping in it.
These are collar stays that have performed as hoped by ensuring my collars have stayed.
The best tank tops for breastfeeding! I slept in one every night! So comfortable and easy to breastfeed my baby!
it has pockets! i didn't expect it to so finding out was a pleasant surprise.
It's cute and fit as expected.
Bought them for my boss. He wears crazy socks and he loves them.
Absolutely love it! The material is light and comfortable. Fit perfectly!
Light weight, silky feeling dress. Looks nice on. I like the dress. Only detractor is the print is a rubbery iron-on type. The dress was stuck to itself in multiple areas due to the print. Came apart without problem. Haven't washed it yet so I don't know how the print will hold up
Very good material. I bought this for my sons jazz band concert. It fit perfect!!
After having back to back c-sections I've been searching for underwear that support and compliment my healing belly. I just got these and am already so in love! They hug all the right places, stay perfectly in place and don't bother my scar at all. A must have for healing mamas!!
I was skeptical about buying another waist trainer online! I've bought several in the past but this one is the best yet! I wear it to work, the gym, and around the house. It fits as it should... Instantly snatched my waist and does not make you look top heavy! I would recommend this trainer for anyone looking into getting one.
This outfit is super comfy and it makes me feel beautiful. It is true to size and just what you need it for!
Great as thank you gifts for family and friends who donated for Autism Speak.
These are SO comfortable! I forgot they were compression socks! I'm ordering more!
They fit and look as expected
Fit good but the top is little thick
The shirt and sticker were both very good quality.
These fit nicely and are a nice weight for winter wear.
These gloves were ordered for children in Panama City, FL who lost everything in Hurricane Michael. It is getting colder and many have no homes.
Material is so soft. I use it for work at the post office
Love these. My new go to pants for work.
Comfort and support are great!
Fits well, feels comfortable and light. This is a nice pull over for fall.
The item still works after several uses. It dries fast after cleaning. If glitter gets on it, it won't come off
Very comfortable. I feel wealthy when I am wearing it.
Soft fabric Great colors Playful and comfortable
Great fit very comfortable
Love these shirts! Bought one in red and the gray.
This is the only kind of underwear that my husband will wear. The big stores carry regular Jockey boxers, but, not the tapered ones. Thank goodness I found them here!
Comfortable. Soft. Fit well without washing. Slim in the legs, not like your typical baggy cargo pants. Pretty much just what I was looking for. In fact, this is the second pair I bought.
Was a little nervous about this bag on the plans as the amazon measurements put it over the size length by one inch. No problems at the airport and it fit all my belongings. The bag is really light by itself and was able to pack it full of clothing withought going over the 50 pound limit.
My original package was marked as delivered by Amazon delivery driver, yet never actually got delivered. We received the replacement right away. My wife LOVES these socks!
Love these socks. They fit well and stay on thru the day. While they are not heavy, it is the thickest no-show socks I have. Feels like they will last longer than others.
No complaints here. Great quality shirt and design. Size was spot on.
I really like this wallet. It's nice quality, although the color is turquoise, not sky blue. It has 3 long sections and lots of card slots. It's also thinner and lighter than others I've had, which makes it nicer to carry.
Very cute & sexy. The underwire is wonderful & perfect for busty girls.
They fit fine for work. They have good stretch for bending, kneeling etc. I like these pants. They are comfortable.
Purchased for a groomsman to wear for an outdoor wedding. Very nice tie for the price.
Cool design. Now I can see more clearly during the night while I am driving. The box for the sunglasses is also delicate. Great product to have.
Great purchase. I should've bought an extra pair. Maybe in a few months. Thanks!
Lightweight and comfortable
Bought for my dad, who has a bald head. He LOVED this hat. Fits men with big heads great! Very warm for bald guys ;)
Fast delivery. Picture represented product to the fullest. Will order more.
A classic that you can't go wrong with.
My son loves this jackets. It fits nice and is warm
Good quality and super warm! Really liked this
Nice blouse looks good and fits good no problems the only one that made it in the mail
fit my butt great wait was too big afraid of getting a small cause it would fot waist but not my butt..so I had the waist altered they fit excellent know
This is a well made belt! Have been wearing everyday since i got it a few months ago, will deffinetly buy another, matches very well with almost anything. Very convinient for bigger people
Wearing these all the time.
So beautiful and soft. Color is represented well in the advertisement. I will order more dresses from this vendor.
Very well made and true to the picture shown! I recommend this product to anyone!
So great! Was exactly what we wanted.
Got 2, one for each of my sons...they both loved it
glasses are absolutely bitching
I ordered this dress and was a little skeptical but it is ADORABLE on! I wore it to a fancy work dinner but it could be easily dressed down for a more casual wear. The fit was great, it is a very soft and comfortable material. I ordered two more in different colors.
Very nice product but your company really needs to make a M/L size.
Very nice tuxedo, just buy depending on your child's size every child is a little different I bought one size up works out great.
My daughter loves it!
was exactly as described. my g/f loved ir
These compression pants are an extremely good value for the costs. The material is exactly as expected they fit comfortably and they get the job done.
You get exactly what you see. A beautiful, light blouse. I've worn it with a black pencil skirt and with jeans so it can be dressed up or dressed down. It fits perfectly and looks great. I ordered the pink and it's the color shown. I love it!
Wore over cami and pants. Color is great
Cute! The seller should really post more photos because I felt like I was taking a gamble by buying this, but it turned out to be a good purchase!
Cute sweater. My daughter loves it! It's not very warm, but as a light weight hoodie it's perfect.
So I'm super short and chubby 5'1" and 190. I ordered a large and it fit! It brushes my feet, but I want to use it for the beach, so it's perfect. I really like that I can tie it up if I need to.
I had been using this T-shirt (black color) for my gym and fell in love with it from day one. Hence, I ordered this second one blue color. Very good for workouts, high quality material, air flow is very good and most importantly highly comfortable and lightweight. Love this. Highly recommended .
I thought these were great! They were SOOO soft and very comfortable. I would definitely purchase them again.
Bought in sunflower print size small.. This dress is stunning. I hope you're not shy if you buy this! You are going to be stopped everywhere you go, people want to talk about this dress. I am 5'7" 120 with long inseam. This fit like it was custom made, falling a few inches above my knees. The fabric is high quality. It does not feel like tshirt cotton and it's not super breathable on a 100 degree day but it's just so cute and well made! The fabric falls and flows nicely. I machine washed it and line dried it. Laundered well. Buy it!
Nice quality. Good fit.
Loved this!!! So beautiful! Make sure you order the correct one. This one had a tie around my neck which I prefer!
Very pretty, nice case fits my glasses well. Love the sparkles
I love this thing. It's my fave color, but more importantly, it holds all of my cards with room to spare. I love that it zips and that there is an outside window for my ID. Now I have seen reviews that say the slot for the ID isn't big enough, but I found that if I push the card down a bit more it fits better into the slot. Either way, that ID isn't going to come slipping out. It's a pretty snug fit which I like. I'm also very happy that it has the RFID blocker in it.
It's well priced, and the tail looks really good. It's nice and long and full...not patchy or cheap looking. The waistband is generous and I was worried it wouldn't fit me but it fit well and stayed in place all night for Halloween. I'm glad I made this purchase.
Love, love these covers. I have it in two colors. Perfect for travelling. Can throw at the bottom of your bag and pull out and look fabulous. Comfortable, forgiving and flattering.
so soft, so comfie I want MORE. They could use a little more in the length, I'm only 5'3" and they're at the ankle. But I love them. Let's see how they wear and put up with washings. I'll get back to you.
Beautiful, my niece loves it!
I'm 5'2”, so they are a little long but I love them! Super soft and comfortable. My iPhone stays in the pocket well while running.
If I was in a store you know I'd grab 2 sizes of the same dress to see what would fit better. This is why I find buying clothing on line to be such a bummer! Now I have to wait to get the refund before I can purchase a smaller size. Think I'll get the large and hope it's not too tight! Love the dress, it's light and flowy with out being clingy. Dig the pockets but I don't think you can really put anything heavy in them. Seems like the material would stretch too much. And maybe because it's too big but they length is longer that it looks on the model.
They are for a gift so hopefully they will fit ok. They are very cute. Thank you
This bra is so pretty and comfortable.
Ok, my 18yo daughter wears a size 12 mens shoe. It is super hard to find cute, comfortable, and functional socks for her. These gave her the colors she wanted, and the functionality I wanted.
As expected Cute on
Fits well, as expected
Sweater is really soft and comfy, fits really well and looks super cute! Love it so much 💙💙💙
Bought these for my daughter and she loves them, they arrived on time and the packing was very secure!
I was looking for an adjustable belt capable of supporting an inside the waistband firearm holster without being some massive heavy thing too wide for women jeans belt loops. I had a mens belt from the same manufacturer and knew the buckle was secure and worked well and found this to be be the same. The little button to release the cam isn't quite as convenient as the "big name" originator of this belt style but at less than half the price it works just as well. They look good, too. Time will tell how well the material holds up to use.
These are by far the softest nicest headbands we got
Very cute. I love it!!!
very happy with the built, and does very well. no more belt holes.
Very flattering and comfortable.
It is convenient, easy to use.
My favorite wallet in years! Absolutely love it in every way. Fits so many things, is nice quality and design. Nice colors. It's rare to find something that's really practical, kind of fashionable, and great quality at the same time. I highly recommend these products. I also ordered a bigger one from this company as backup, but this one is perfect. Please never change this.
I love this too I've worn it twice 1st time with leggings and second time as a dress. The material is very good and it is well made. It was just what I was looking for. Very happy
I love these super comfy jeggings! Super cute and fit as expected!
Very nice. Soft material. Color good
Pretty dress to wear to a formal event in the summer time. I'm 5'1 and 128lbs and it hits my knees and fit my body perfectly! Wish I got this sooner as I had a summer wedding last weekend. Can't wait to wear it.
I love this top. It is made of high quality fabric that feels like a sweater. Perfect for cool weather. I ordered the "red" which is actually a very flattering cinnamon pink. The fit is perfect and it's a great top for work. Highly recommend.
Exactly as described!
Perfect fit, clean lines and still looks great after several wears.
I love them, they're a good fit.
Very soft! Fits great!
Wonderful goods. Excellent quality. Good quality.
Cannot see through, do not slip down, deep pocket that securely holds phone. Fit a little snug.
These tanks are great quality material! They are stylish, thin lightweight material and wear beautifully. We decided to purchase more after receiving because they are such good quality for the cost.
Simple top but I loved the cuff in the sleeves. Sizing is perfect! The fabric is really soft. It's great for the price and you can't beat the prime shipping. I paired with jeans and wore it while traveling. I definitely want it in every color
I am 6'1 175 with 41" chest 31" waist and the large fits me well. Its fitted but not too tight which is what you want in an undershirt.
Really comfortable panties, well fitted, i wish we had more color options than just the basics
Cozy and they don't really shrink after being washed and dried. Material stays soft. Ankle part isn't too tight so it's cozy all day for my little guy.
Love these pants, will be buying more.
I bought this for my husband and he's pretty picky with fit, but it looks great on him and he's happy. It's the perfect thickness and very soft, too!
Perfect fit according to chart. Only socks you will need in the frigid temps when you are working out in it
This item was received quickly & exactly as described/depicted. This coat is well made & fit my daughter perfectly. Though It is a thicker coat, she was very comfortable in it. It is very warm & attractive as well.
Super cute hat, fits great (but verging on a tiny bit small, so large headed folks beware). arrived in great condition and looks like the picture. Totally worth it.
So wonderful, off to buy more
Warm mid weight, with the feel of wool. Long enough to toss one end over your shoulder, and hold in place with a kilt pin. Love that it is almost reversible, I need to carefully remove a tiny tag on the grey side. Nice blanket stitching all around, a simple design that works. Wish I had ordered more for gifts. I bought it for the black, but find it is exact shade of grey as a pair of my slacks, so it is like having 2 new outfits in one.
I play a lot of golf and wear a lot of polos casually and only ever buy these, IZOD makes fantastic polos.
Fits nicely in my purse, doesn't take up a lot of room but has plenty of storage
Looks and feels great. Tie it the way they show you and you'll have no issues. It's long, so you may need to cut it down, but better that than being too short! Can't wait to break it in
The peplum shorts really hide the stomach so you don't even have to be in great shape to feel confident. Absolutely love it! I only wish I had more colors of this exact Style
Fit perfect.... well made
Fit perfectly arrived right on time no complaints.
I like the cute little pair of glasses on the outside and the rough texture that covers the case. It has plenty of room on the inside for any size pair of glasses, from sunglasses to prescription. I use mine for my reading glasses and have enough room for more items if needed.
I wanted something for a young person who likes D&D that wasn't obviously D&D. This was perfect.
The best no- show socks I've ever had! They don't slip down and are a nice thickness. Very comfortable. Nice colors.
Great fit! Arrived on time great service! I love amazon
I am awkwardly shaped, my curves aren't uniform but this costume fit better than I expected. Would definitely buy again if I needed to!
Absolutely love it!!!
Seems to be well made. LOTS of pockets. Well ventilated, which is great for Texas heat. It is very light. I think this fly vest is a great value, especially for the price.
Cotton blend. True to image. True to size chart. I'm 5'2 it's pretty knee length which I wanted. Love it.
Bought this to help on my short trips. Airplanes allow 2 bags on board. This is my "Man" bag , along with my overhead. But works for beach and lake trips as well.
Was exactly what I expected. My daughter loves it.
I love this outfit it is so cute and fits perfect. I cannot wait to wear it out I tried it on and it looks good. I read other reviews about how the bottoms run a lil big so I got a size small and it fits perfect and the top also fits perfect l. I'm 5,5 155 pounds and a small fits me perfect. It has stretch to it. I'm happy I chose to get the small instead of medium.
Very cute set of toddler socks for baby girl with good grip to help prevent unnecessary slips and falls. Will definitely recommend and purchase more when need arises again
Easy to install. Just as described.
So soft and so cute and the actually stay up in the leg and not itchy! In total love with these socks
I have really enjoyed these socks. You can use them for both dressy and casual outfits.
Nice and warm for MN
Love the hat!! I need a small. At all places that I get to choose a size I order a small. This hat runs more to a medium size. Quality and price point is AWESOME.
Very form fitting dress. Extremely comfy I wear it all the time. Casual looking and nice for summer.
This prop hands are awesome! It came with two hands, one male and one female hand. Will work great for what I needed it to do.
This I love the most. I'm very satisfied of it. I bought this design for the second time, this time it's a gift to my brother.
One thing this shirt has is two buttons close together at the bust. It eliminates the gap that some shirts have. It washes beautifully and requires no ironing if removed promptly from the dryer.
Love it great buy works great
I took great photos at home of my newborn son wearing the hat and bow tie. It came out so cute. Thank u
Fit perfect and looked great!!
These are terrific. They are well designed as they hold on my foot well thanks to the sticky heel grip they have unlike cheap other models.
Keeping a shirt tucked is always a struggle for me and especially at work. My job requires to reach up to get stuff on the shelves and my shirt became untucked within seconds. This belt hides inside the pants and keeps the shirt tucked very well, both front and back. Sure it's an extra belt and an extra thing you have to put on, but that's just something you have to deal with if you want your shirt to stay tucked!
This sweater is SOOOOO SOFT!!!! It's absolutely perfect for the Fall/Winter season. It looks great when layered or worn by itself.
Very comfortable to wear for work.
Exactly as described, they'll work great with my ice fishing pants. They are super adjustable, I am 5'9 and they could easily fit someone much shorter and taller than me.
Fits perfect! I'm 5'3” Petite 36C 28 36. Everything I buy has to be shortened, but not this! I'm buying a Pink and Navy next!
I really like how slim this wallet is and it fits comfortably in your pocket, also bought my brother one.
Wore as my wedding dress. Was going for the classic bohemian/ conservative look. My family was there and I have a lot of tattoos I didn't really want to be shown and did not want to wear the typical cleavage showing wedding dress or backless, strapless type. I really wanted a more modest look and everyone really loved my dress. I got so many compliments. No one knew I bought it off amazon for super cheap. Beats paying 2 grand for a dam wedding dress your only going to wear one day. No regrets. Not cheaply made nor too long atleast not for me and I'm 5'2.
It was exactly as described and will be perfect for the holiday season!
I buy these all the time in different colors.
Very nice and great fit!
My little monkey (7 yr old boy) loves this monkey suit! The quality is excellent and it is roomy so he won't grow out of it. The fabric is soft and washes well. He uses it for play and for bed time. I'd recommend this to any kids or kids at heart.
I have a Lg head and hard to find a hat that is not too tight, but this one is very comfortale and doesn't make my head sweat. Purchased for wearing at the beach and at the pool where temperatures are in the upper 90's to protect my head from the sun.
I love leggings and these are so cute
Smelled weird when I got it but washed it and now it is perfect
The design caught my eye right away and I'm blown away at the quality of this shirt! It fits perfectly, the logo/ decal is impeccable and the over all quality of the material is amazing. Favorite clothing purchase I've made in a long time! Now I've got my eye on the other awesome designers they have with this brand!
Keeps you really warm and the lining feels great around your neck.
Love the saying and love this shirt. Well made but I ordered up a size and I am glad I did.
I have purchased many suits from this company & I'm never disappointed. This teal one is beautiful & I got a size up so he can wear it for two years. I live in Florida so I especially love the light weight breathable material. The shipping was fast as well.
This jumpsuit is gorgeous. The material is very soft and stretchy. I ordered a small and I'm 5 ft 144 34DDD. It's body conscious so it hugs every curve.
These socks are great and I can't believe it was started by a little girl. What a great story. I bought them for my five year old boy to carry a few dollars around when we were at the park. Both of my young kids loved them, and my wife and I decided to order some for when we want to run in the park and our running shorts don't have pockets. Thanks.
Great gift set or for occasions where you need a 3 piece combo. Great customer service from the seller and Amazon.
If you are tall guy then sleeves will be slightly short for you, but you are already used for it (it happens all the time).
Cute and comfy light weight sweatshirt. Could wear with leggings or jeans.
They hold my pants up. And they're pretty much the same ones you get at Men's Wearhouse.
Excellent!! Never expected it to be so good, truly deserves 5 stars!
Comfortable and good looking.
The one I received was a little small however the company gladly sent me the size I needed in just a few days!! The product itself is very well made and very comfortable. I have tired several different kind but this brand is my favorite hands down!!
Exactly what I needed
So nice on! Very long but fits like a glove
It is a great boyfriend look denim jacket. It's comfortable, well made and lovely. Generally, I wear size M, and this size just fits. I like this jacket for a casual looking. Also, it was well worth the cost for the quality of it.
My daughter loves it.
The jewelry sets bought for my bridesmaid.Because my bridesmaid dresses are strapless so we need some elegant jewelry to match.The sets are very nice and elegant and not overstated. Loving this sets!
So cute I love it so much I wear it every time it's clean lol
Coverup skirt was great but the waist is a little big on me. I was hoping to have a natural slit but because it was big, I had to stick my leg out for photos. Measurements : 27in waist
Absolutely was a hit! The content, print and crafting of the strap.
Well its bought ahead of time. IT WILL FIT GREAT. Thank you
This dress is very flattering! I love it. Very comfy and fits perfect. I'm usually weary about cuts right below the boob but this makes it look even better! I am 160, 5-4 and 36G bra and bought a Large.
I recieved a white burts bees onsie in my amazon welcome box . I loved the quality so much that I have now purchased 2 of these sets , gray and pink . Very soft and durable in the wash machine .
It absorbs water real good. I love it. Think I'll purchase another.
Great fit for my child's big head 🤣🤣 goes with everything. Like the vent to help keep air flow on hot days
Work...and it is beautiful. Great color and material! Haven't washed it just yet. But it seems like it will be awesome.
Bought these as replacement for my husband's broken pair. Great price! I would definitely recommend!
I get compliments every time I wear it.
I read all of the reviews and was a little nervous. I wanted this for my birthday party and went ahead and got it. In the picture I am wearing a large. I bought the belt on Amazon as well and had to bend it into the correct shape but it a great job on giving me the correct shape. I am 5'6 150lbs. I had a breast reduction and am currently a 36D. I hope this helps others!
These are the best, light support, softest bras I have ever found. Nice colors too!
Wore it tonight with my heels to see how it fits and it fits nice. Hides well in the shoe and doesn't feel bulky.
Just look as this thing. So much fun. Fits perfect. My kids couldn't stop laughing. Cant wait to wear this to some parties for halloween. Great quality for this price. I like that it has two fans so the costume stays well inflated.
These are the best lounging pants! Perfect for maternity, they fit true to size, i sized up for a more comfortable feel
It is a very pretty mask!
Love that this bed bug spray is organic and safe for children and pets.
Looks great and fit well! Still holding up good after many washes too.
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS! Very light weight and beautiful material. It fits great as far as size, but the length is a little shorter than I like. It would be perfect for someone around 5'5 or shorter. Its love!!
Love this one the Length is nice and long and very comfortable, so I ordered it in the navy and the red!!
These were the cutest ever. I loved have so many choices with outfits. We originally only bought because our daughter was wearing the cream ones for our wedding. Fits nicely.
Love these!! Comfortable and slimming -- love the detail along the seam!!
I was exclusively pumping for my twins when I bought this item so I could be hands free during the process and its THE only hands free item that has worked for me. I never pump without it. Its a perfect fit every time due to the design and allows me to still be able to massage at the end of a session for the absolute most milk. I would definitely get this again and recommend it to friends.
Great item and added bonus is the beautiful tin Case it comes in. Perfect teacher gift
Like it! It's flowy and comfy. Good quality. Stretchy sear sucker material up top. Nice length. I'm 5'5” about 210lbs. Typically wear a size 14-16 and 36ddd up top. I paired this with a jean jacket and wore it to work. Plan to use it on our upcoming cruise.
These fit perfectly. I'm an XL and these leggings fit like a dream. I love how lightweight they are and buttery soft. Definitely buying more colors.
This is a great looking jacket at a price that can't be beat. I bought it for my dad who is impossible to shop for because he wants to be stylish but also cares about price. He loved this jacket.
Bought these for my daughter and very impressed with the quality. They fit perfect and they are super cute. She loved the ripped style and I love the cost.
exactly as pictured and very pretty fits well
The socks are very comfortable with good traction dots on the sole of the sock. They were also a very good price point! Thanks for providing a good product at a good price.
Fits perfect with all day comfort, love it!
Ordered a Medium and it's a tad on the bigger side. Perfect work dress and I get compliments every single time I wear it. I will definitely be ordering the other patterns!
Love them. Little guy doesnt slip on wood floors anymore.
Love these shorts. They have the adjustable waistband. My kid is tall and lanky so these have the awesome ability to get them in slim!
I had my eye on a similar dress but it was just so expensive, I couldn't justify purchasing it. This was exactly what I was looking for and for an even better price! It's very comfortable; I have been living in mine since I received it! I followed this brand on Instagram and noticed this version is different than their original. I messaged the company and they got back to me immediately explaining the Kate version is more of a T-shirt material vs. their original being more spandex like. I look forward to trying out their original dress. I will be recommending this brand to all my mama friends!!
I love this dress! I'm 5'4”, weigh about 150lbs with 38D chest and the medium size fits me perfectly! I absolutely love the way it fits, feels and looks! The fabric is soft and flowing and drapes very nicely. I don't love my middle aged belly but this dress has a very flattering fit. The side slits are substantial so the dress has a maxi look but feels more comfortable and light with the way the hemline is designed. I'm going to order another one or two in different colors.
Nice and light to wear for summer.
These are by far the best bosses I've ever worn.. I have huge thighs and do a ton of walking at work and these keeps me covered for a 10 hour shift. Everything you would need out of a pair of boxer briefs are here so I can't find any cons to list.. They worked so good that I ordered them twice, I HIGHLY recommend these
Such a cute swimsuit! Exactly as described. Can't wait to wear it this summer!
This belt is comfortable and classy.
good product fast ship
Exactly as described! Love the fit. Super cute
Use this as my daily wallet!!! I love it!
Great for layering under Nike running shorts. Perfect to keep legs from rubbing together during sports.
Soft and comfortable. Pretty colors
Very flattering and true to size!
I received many compliments. Fits perfectly.very cute and unique.As pictured
These are wonderful, all different colors and designs of g-strings, maybe a tiny but smaller but pretty much on point with size. Great price great value.
Love the style but these were soooo big
I would personally buy it a size larger since when you wash them they shrink. Its really nice shirt and cute design.
Great exactly what we where looking for !!
I love everything about this skirt!! Highly recommend buying if your reading this!!
Words cannot describe my wife's satisfaction with this gift, I am a wonderful man.
Bought a size up to wear to a formal. Looked amazing once pressed.
Big fan of A-line style, chic and classic, can be worn in so many occasions
Did what I expected. I wanted to embroider the stole but I decided for heat transfer because I was short on time, my fault. This product does withstand the heat if you want to just heat press it.
I'm 5'6 180 and it fit my curves just right! I really liked it good quality! I love the way it looks on me!
I'm a hard fit, not really thick, definitely not thin, and short. One size fits perfectly since it doesn't distort or show white in the design.
LOVE THESE. so stretchy and comfortable. Ordering in every color. TTS. I bought one color in large and another in XL. I'm a size 12 and large fits best. The XL is too large.
Adorable, it fits perfectly to my niece. She loves it. It was the perfect choice. The cloth is soft and good quality
Husband said they were very good quality and was pleased with them.
These socks are very comfortable and provide a lot of support. I love the multi-color pack, my husband and I split them. I am very happy with these and will be purchasing more.
Perfect little non skid socks. I prefer my child wear these around the house as he learns to stand up on our tile floor and carpet
Compliments from all. Love it....
I don't have to fuss with a buckle whenever I'm in a hurry to use the loo = no accidents. Happy mama.
Typical women socks are rather thin, often only at ankle length, and retains an unbearable cold moisture. However, these socks are very very thick and form-fitting, making them extremely comfortable and cozy. Although the socks are thick, they are in fact, as described, very breathable as well. It's not sweaty or heavy at all and almost feels like have a snug and warm second skin. I also quite enjoy how I can be fashionable with the color choices and how the socks ride up about mid-calf that way when I run around or exercise, the socks don't slip off in my shoes. Very pleased with this purchase, definitely worth every penny for this winter season.
I bought this as a gift. So happy!! Very cute nice quality will buy again.
The dress was perfect!!!!
My daughter loves this shirt! It is great material and fitted as expected. Can't go wrong for the price.
Love this! Super comfy and cute
So Cute - received tons of compliments
Awesome beautiful. And I love it. Well made with great quality construction
Nice comfortable shirt
This dress was elegant and very comfortable. So much so that one of my sisters took it. Now I have to buy me another one. Well worth it!
I love this tunic so much! So lightweight and comfortable! Looks great with pencil skirts for church!
Real leather, functional, and very reasonable cost. Less than $15. I bought 2. One black and one taupe.
They wash well and are darling. I got several for my daughter for Christmas thinking I would return the ones she didn't like. We kept them all!!
I bought these for a Halloween costume and after feeling how soft and cozy they are I need to buy more colors! The fabric is nice and thick so there is no risk of them being see through.
The fit on this is extremely nice. It fits true to size. I like the way it holds everything in place while making you feel sexy. Extremely comfortable to sleep in as well.
Stylish and good quality
Fits and looks great
Bought as a gift.Recipient loved it.
I love this dress, I am always skeptical when ordering online but I took a chance on this dress based off the other reviews and pictures. I wore this dress to a red carpet gala and it fit perfectly and the length was just right. That split was EVERYTHING, it's modest yet sexy. I received so many compliments on this dress. I am extremely pleased with this purchase.
Great dress fit as expected 😍😍
Bought this scarf and hat,it's a gift for my husband,it's important to have a warm hat in the cold winter.Hat is a nice gift,he likes it very much,it's softness,fits just right not so loose that the breeze creeps in.
I liked the feel of the fabric and it runs true to size.
It's soft (I hate synthetic fabric and don't usually buy anything not 100% cotton). It has an inner tie and pockets. Best of all, it covers me! I can tie it and not worry about too much leg or bust slipping out. I love how it hangs/drapes and I'm considering buying another one just to wear out, with regular clothes.
Great Quality, purchased as a gift and it was a huge hit!!
Runs a little bit big but I like it that way. White flounce on bottom is very nicely done & good material.
A full day of wear, no smell, and my dress shirt can be worn again
The masks I ordered arrived on time, they are great quality (the detail is amazing) and they are perfect for my event! Thank you!
Very nice gloves, warm as can be, and fit perfectly...Great product...Thanks
Very durable, expect it to last a long time. Buckle is removable as seen in attached pictures. Very durable. From a fashion perspective, it wont work with a suit as much but it is great for casual fits. 5 stars.
This dress exceeded all expectations. I was very pleased with it.
One Word: Perfect I'm a 5'2" Curvy 50 year old. I bought a 2Xl! I also bought it in White and Coffee last Summer! This is an amazing dress! Comfy, non restrictive, moves with your body! Great to pair with a beautiful blazer to pop some color!
very soft and comfortable
Im using these for a while and I love it. I wear it under my dress and now when its humid and hot they keep me away from chafing. They ate sexy as well and very soft on the skin. Fits true to size.
Fits perfect and comfortable !!! I love it!!!
Obsessed with these pants. So comfy. Way long though.
These were the perfect size we needed. The price was great and arrived on time. I do wish the color was more like a brown paper bag. It is lighter with a yellow tone.
it is a little short so I sized up and it fits great
Finally I found a bra with good support, with no under wire that fits comfortably. Now my new favorite.
I love the item, it fits true to size, it's comfortable and it really makes me sweat. I like the color and it looks cool in the gym.
Great shirt for the price. The racerback is a little narrower in the back than I expected, but I still really like it. Not too thin.
These jeans fit great, very stretchy I will be purchasing more.
I absolutely love this set! The apricot color was gorgeous! The bags are the perfect size for me. They look like they should cost more money than they do! Yes, it did have a chemical smell but it went away as it aired out.
These are my favorite low cut socks for the price. I've had these for a while and most of them are still in perfect shape.Fits as expected.
It actually works! :) Buy a size larger than your cup size for great side support, and overall fit. Please ensure you learn how to put the bra on properly. YES this bra works. Yes, i wore this in 87 degree heat for an outdoor beach wedding... and it stayed on even through perspiration! I just made sure that I wore the bra when i was completely dried, straight out of the shower, before putting any body lotions that would interfere with the adhesive. Don't expect your DD & E cup to give you a ton of support, however, you WILL get a nice secure confident hold, and be able to create your desired cleavage shape/level by adjusting how you place the bra, and then use the laces. It works great when wearing a low top, and gave me the freedom of no bra straps. So comfortable. The only thing i would caution is wearing the bra longer than 8 hours... the bra actually stays on, you just have to take it off very slowly as the small suction cups really hold on. Oh! for a person like me, who is larger, wearing a cami on top of the bra gives you the best support.
Excellent deal for the money
My favorite jacket for the winter! I have such a hard time with the cold. This keeps me warm!
Very cute, love it!!
Very comfy and cute!
Love it, good quality and fits great
worked out great for business related team building.
Great sock. Fits well and feels great.
thank you for the deliveries. They are nice on time. I have had to pay 2x extra tax, which I liked a lot. Is that normal that I can not put 2 things in my shopping basket at the same time? I have to pay 35 euros for every delivery. Anyway, I am a very satisfied customer.
I give 5 stars cause the material was 100% cotton and very soft.
Loved these thongs! I had originally purchased a namebrand and was not happy with what I had gotten. I am a gym instructor and needed something that would be sturdy and breathable and these have done the trick.
These pants are the most comfortable scrubs I've ever owned! They're breathable, stretchy around the waist, and they aren't too baggy. They show off your feminine curves. I'm already on my third pair from this brand! Thinking of purchasing all the colors.
I am a plus size and curve lady. Starting to get myself back to a health weight and life has been and up/down struggle. I was amazed how this pants fit me. just right. definitely will buy more
i love these bows! i use them everyday on my little one!
These are so cute and very comfortable!
I bought these for my 3 years old baby. They are a very nice, soft thick stretchy cotton material. They look like they'll stretch nicely and fit for a while.
These are perfect & the style my husband likes. He likes these 502 because they are not super baggy. Perfect
It's the perfect size, all cards are easily visible and neatly stored. The zipper provides security that the cards won't fall out.
A bit thin but great overall. No regrets
What I like about these T-Shirts is the neck fits a little snugger, so after wearing for several hours it does not get loose
Good quality sick for the Monet & holding up well so far in the wash.
I bought this shirt in the grey, size large. It fits just right. I like the color. It's well made. Comparable to other more expensive brands. Very nice shirt.
I was looking for something nice to wear while on vacation. These pajamas are extremely comfortable and soft. They feel amazing! They also wash well . I threw out all of my old pajamas.
Exactly what we were looking for...
Bought them for my daughter. She likes how they fit. Haven't had a chance to test them out completely yet. They do not make her sweaty.
I liked the design of both the shirt and the onesie. Very cute!! Also, received the items very speedy - within 2 days with standard shipping! I really appreciated that! Will definitely order from this vendor again!
Very comfortable I love the color
Finally shapewear that fits right
Nice thick warm shirt
Great dress for the summer. Ordered for a weekend away and it was perfect. Packed nicely and really comfy to wear!
Absolutely Beautiful- The Rich Green looks is just Stunning. I Love this Cable Knit Sweater. It is very, very Pretty. Sincerely, F.E. Manuel
This one reminds me of a free people top but a much more affordable price. It's the perfect loose and slouchy fit and the color is gorgeous.
These are the best by far. Fit is perfect. Will be ordering more soon.
This. Is. Amazing. Simply amazing. Instant heat as soon as you put the socks on. Definitely would recommend buying.
So cute! We bought the smallest size knowing it would be too big and figured he could grow into it. Even though it's big, it's adorable! People constantly compliment us on it!
the description was right on and so was the size.
I love this swimsuit! It's a perfect fit and it's very flattering. I'd definitely buy it again.
Looks and fits great
Very beautiful nice and colorful
I love these and will buy them again. Very comfortable for everyday.
I love the quality and its plain but it is adorable so cute and simple and she looks comfortable I would but this again for sure 🤗
I got this to wear for warm evenings and when I want to be comfortable. This dress allows for cool comfort and fits well.
Good quality and fit
Got it for my girlfriend she has a small head and it fit her perfect but my head is pretty big and it couldn't fit even at its largest
I found this hat with Bluetooth by accident when I was shopping other stuffs. (I really like online shopping) After first saw it, I decided to buy it because I really like jogging outside even in the very cold winter. Now, I can enjoy music when I am jogging in the cold weather. The design is great idea. Also, it's a good deal, only 10 boxes. The quality of hat is good, and the sound is great. I am very comfortable when I am jogging with it!
my daughter love it good quality
The push up design of this sticky bra is great! I don't wear bras like these often so definitely needed and appreciated the directions to put on. Unfortunately, with my small barely A chest these cups are not a winner. If you really are an A or B cup I think this size would be great, and the adhesive was actually comfortable! I've used their nipple covers which work great on my small chest, but like the adhesive of these much better.
I'm a 38D 200 Pounds and 5'6 and it fits perfectly, just the end of the sleeves were lose. But, I'm sure with times washing it , it'll shrink. Delivery was prompt.
I was skeptical. But, I ordered anyways. I have 2 words.. confident booster! I worked out with it on. It didn't bother me a bit. I could finally work out my arms without worrying about anything hanging out of my shirt. I bought another one!
Fits well, durable, looks cute as separates or together
Soft material, not thin, nice fit. Got lots of compliments whenever I wear it.
Somewhat small but they stretch a lot. We've only used them once. I would buy this again.
Very comfortable, not too low on the neckline.
Wash this separate from other clothes, the pink runs. Other than that it's beautiful and fits my 21 month granddaughter perfect
This is a very inexpensive item! It looks good quality and I will buy it again.
Love them . They are so soft and fit perfectly!!! The material is very good too...
This fits just as expecting, the quality is nice and it is so soft. The colors are vibrant as well and honestly this sweater looks so cute on! It makes me ready for fall.
The material is lovely. I got this wallet for my husband in the teal color. At first he did not like the color but after some days he says he really likes it.
I have been wearing these for several years. Best, most comfortable bra ever!
Great Belt. Good look and feel.
She loved the style and cost
Looks great on my 8 year old! Feels veey soft, beautiful colors and design. Mu girls love it, and i got multiple moms from their class who asked where i got it. 5 stars!
Love these! Soft, Silky, Lush color, nice tailoring Very pleased with these ordered a size larger as I thought they might run smallish and I prefer a loose fit for sleepwear
It makes me feel sexy and smaller.
My husband bought me this beanie hat and gloves for Christmas . I love the hat it's awesome well made nice keeps my head warm. Don't care for the gloves . Will buy a hat again but not the gloves.
Great quality for the price, thin material but strong and hold very well. Adjustable strap, smooth looks. It's the best I found so far!
Love this!!! It's a super soft, sexy and very comfortable robe. It looks exactly what shows on pictures. Most surprising is price, it's not expensive compare to others.
Very well made, has plenty of card slots, & extra flap that opens out provides easy access for drivers license, etc. Even has "hidden" slots behind card slots that husband really wanted for all the extra medical cards he carries, and 2 divided slots for paper bills. My picky husband was impressed and immediately filled it up & tossed his old one.
Super cute and looks like as advertised.
This pin is awesome! It's exactly what I was looking for.
It's a Christmas gift and I'm sure he will love it.
Daughter gets compliments all the time and other noms purchased after seeing it
I love the color, which is a little lighter than expected, but LOVE it... Although a tad too small, I sent this one to my daughter and re-ordered the next size up. Both of us are happy now!
Our autistic son loves these character ankle socks. These were perfect.
Great hat. Material is great that it can be used in the water too and should dry fast.
No wire and no back fat! This bra is awesome.
Super cute! Just as advertised.
Brought and shipped to my grandson, his grammie said he was perfect and arrived quickly. Would order again
These are absolutely beautiful! I like that it comes with a card for all the ways to wear these! they are reversible too! well made and a great bargain! thinking about ordering another round!
These jeans were purchased for my son. These were a test pair for my son and he loved them. They fit comfortably and the price was great. I will be purchasing additional jeans for him.
I am quite pleased with my jacket. Love the attention to detail. It is a well made and with great pockets. Stops the wind and water.
A great addition to my D.va attire! It's very nicely made and fits all my cards and money perfectly. (\_/) (o.o)
Beautiful! Better than I expected. My daughter will be wearing this for her 1st birthday party , she weights about 21lbs . Order 6-12months and fits her perfect.
very soft, got more than expected in package and loved the color
Super sexy and super comfy. Packaged nicely upon arrival, and arrived on time! :) Would highly recommend.
Product is as promised. Coverage is complete and a natural fit. Thanks,
Great quality! Fast delivery! Shirt is nice and thick for colder weather, yet still soft! Super adorable!!
I have Neuropathy and need something on my feet most of the time. These fit a little tight and almost feel like a compression sock, they make my feet feel better.
I love them, they look so sexy and it really spiced things up.
Scarf is great. Hat is a bit thin and more for show than warmth. Nice set.
It fits true to size ! I'm 5'2 and I weigh 232 pounds. I ordered a 2XL. I love this swimsuit. I will be ordering in a another color. My bra size is also a 42D
love these tanks!!! Soft and long. Highly recommend
The size and quality after wash cycles is well maintained.
Super cute, a little snug and the bottoms don't provide much coverage (even in the front). Wouldn't recommend a full size up necessarily, but if between two sizes choose the larger.
they really make a difference when I have to stand all day
My son loved it couldn't wait to show all his friends so was very successful gift.
I bought this for my husband. He just loves it. It fits perfectly. The elastic feels good. It also feels cool and comfortable. The most important thing is It has a high quality.
Was worried about the arms being too tight or the scallops not staying up, but they were just fine!
Loved this athletic cut top. Covers the belly area but still looks sexy. I did not wear the boy cut shorts, as they didn't look good with my build. I just purchased separate black bottoms with my normal cut. I would definitely buy this again.
Fits like a glove .great quality
Great hat, very happy with it!
These are really pretty! They are pretty true to size- I love them! Ordered the black and the white. You can easily dress them up or down.
It came just in time for my baby's 4th birthday she loved it and will definitely wear over and over
Fit my daughter beautifully she loves it
Comfortable and Very Soft
I waited until I had used these for 3 months. I will order more - they hold up very well. They are reinforced at the toes and heel. Comfort is exactly what I was looking for. These were originally purchased to wear under my boots when riding my motorcycle. I also ended up wearing them at work where I'm on my feet 8-10 hours a day.
Bit pricy but they are hard to find in the stores, good thing they dont charge shipping and they ship fast. Great quality!
love it got a lot for a little money
It's my daughter's favorite shirt!
Absolutely love this swimsuit. I am so pleased with this purchase. I just had a baby 6 weeks ago and was looking for a swimsuit that would be flattering to my body. I am 5'7 150 lb and I ordered a medium. It fit perfectly.
Honestly, this was 40$ very well spent. I bought it for a steampunk birthday party a friend is having. Fortunately, I read dozens of reviews before I bought anything. Sizing & quality issues were what I was looking at most of all. My American pant size is 8 to 10. It doesn't vary because of my weight, but because manufacturers are that inconsistent. I actually bought a fabric tape measurer hoping it would clarify things. It didn't. The size chart is essentially useless. I encloses some pictures (in my pajamas, don't judge) of me measuring, I'm sure i didn't do it exactly right, but plainly I'm not as big as my waist measure implies if properly fitted pants fit me in an 8 or a 10, that is to say no muffin top or camel toe. Read all the sizing reviews and then make your best guess. Mine happened to fit perfectly with what I expected based off reviews, certainly not off measurements. I bought a size 10, and straight out of the package, pre laced, it fit perfectly. A smidge right to give me a flattering shape, but not uncomfortable, and I was easily able to get the front closure fastened on my own. Quality was superb for 40$ it looks excellent, exactly the way I expected it to. It had a good weight to it, didn't feel or look cheap, the structure was comfortable. I know quite a few buyers have complained that the front fasteners pop loose so easily they needed help putting it on. Either mine was exceptionally well made, or everyone else is being whiney. Seriously it was that easy, I closed the hooks on one side before picking it up, then fastened from the top hook working my way down. The loop slides right over the button and then the hook swings down to pop into the button holding the loop in place, like a cotter pin. Again very satisfied with appearance, quality, and all the help on sizing I got from reviews.
I just received the stocking last week and have already worn them daily since. They fit well and do not roll down or dig into my let. My left leg has been swelling lately and these socks have seem to help keep the swelling down.
These socks are really cute and comfortable. I gave them as gifts and everyone really like them.
It's so cute! And comfortable. It's kinda if small on my chest but I'm a 34DDD so its not the suits fault. I'm buying another to wear on honeymoon.
I trust Champion make of a basic zip sweatshirt . I had to order on line because I couldn't find any in my local retail stores.
Item arrived quickly, was packaged well, and was a good price. Very satisfied with seller.
Liked the fleece inside and the fit. Looks so cute on. Bought 8 of them and they were all big hits
I was glad it fit true to size. I normally wear a S or XS, ordered a Small and it fit just right. The sleeve is more of a 3/4 sleeve which I actually like. It doesn't fit as "slouchy" as in the photos, a bit more fitted but I like that better. I got the dark red and it is a nice color! Overall very happy!
These are great! They fit as I would expect. The pockets work well for my pixel XL. I bought 4 pairs and wish there were more colors!
I am usually really hesitant to buy clothes online but this is sooo cute. I have a smaller chest and the cups are molded so they are a little big on me but nothing falls out. The tummy area has the suit fabric and another piece of fabric that bunches up to help hide the area. Probably the best bathing suit I've ever owned.
Absolutely beautiful scarfs!! Thank you
Fit just fine and really comfortable.
Great sock. Stays up, perfect fit, and definitely over the calf.
This slimmer is made of a thick and comfortable material. Its a little smaller than I'm used to so I would recommend ordering 1 size up than usual. It works as promised, slims the tummy for a smoother look. The top is well made to keep from rolling down. I have enjoyed it so far.
There made very well
I bought this for my wife who loves it she looks terrific in the dress fits perfectly.
What can I say? I'm a sucker for rose gold anything and this coin purse is the perfect accessory! It fits everything but my phone, and has a key ring inside so I can keep my car/house key tucked safely inside. This will be a must-have wallet for anyone wanting to have their cards/cash/keys in one place and can transfer from purse to purse! It was a great price, and I'm glad that I decided to grab it!
My wife love it thank you, I bought it for our anniversary
This passport holder is perfect! I don't like to travel with a purse and this item is ideal. It isn't too big or too bulky and I can fit credit cards and other small items in it perfectly. The pen is a bonus! My husband liked it so much he asked me to get one for him too and he doesn't even like to carry a wallet or car keys. :-)
We really like these socks so far, they feel like really good quality. They are a tad big on my 8 month old (ordered the 6-12 month size, he currently is just getting into 12 month size clothing), but he will quickly grow into them I'm sure. I will continue to order these socks as he grows!
The best sports bra I've had. Great if you have a large bust size. Comfortable and supportive.
Love that there is a scene from every movie all the way to Solo. It celebrates every movie on one shirt. With nice colors!
The fabric is very soft and the fitting is flattering. I'm 5'5, 118lbs, athletic frame and bought this in small and the fit looks exactly like the model's! Very satisfied with this purchase.
Shirt is what i wanted
very stylish and comfortable
Very happy with this purchase, fits great and very well made
Love these socks. Very comfortable
The adhesive is much stickier and more secure than I thought it would be! But even though it is sticky, it doesn't hurt to remove. Just make sure to go slow. This is a godsend for certain dresses when I don't want straps to show. I worn it comfortable for a whole day with and off the shoulder dress and had no complaints. The material is also soft and seem well made.
finally a decent comfortable sport bra and it holds the girls in place !
This shirt is comfortable, go's with a lot of my outfits and the fabric is soft.
Fit was right and worked well.
I LOVE these pants. They are so comfortable!!
Holds everything I need and cards are easily accessible from all of the pockets.
I really like these gloves. I like the fact that the gold is heald back by magnets because I had a pair that was held back by Velcro and they got clogged with lint and stopped working. Looks like they will hold up well too.
I will definitely order this item again.I have a larger waist area ,it hided perfectly, nicely attach to body.LOVE IT!!
Fit as expected, good price.
For the price, good quality. Didn't look cheap on.
I am 6.5 months pregnant and most of my size M underwear have gotten uncomfortably tight, especially when sitting down. This pack of underwear is the perfect fit. My dress size is currently between 6 and 7, and I ordered size L(US). They sit right under the belly, feel cotton-soft but also stretchy from the spandex. I washed them and they did not shrink.
I'll get some other colors...
Ordered these for my husband and he loves them! They are so soft and comfortable. They are his favorite pair of shorts they have held up good. They did get some balls on them after a few times washing and drying. If we order more I will just lay them out to dry instead of putting in the dryer.
This is great for some fun Sr picture backgrounds
The product sucks me on great!!! The product doesn't make my booty look flat either!!! I will ofer more!!! Just wish the straps would tighten more. Other than that I love it! If you are not use to wearing shape wear or thongs order up a size!
Fits good, nice design - kids are not scare of:) battery operation.
They came quick fits amazing and everyone is asking for a pair
My husband had a hat like this that was messed up in a flood. Enter Amazon. He was able to get the same exact hat. The material seems to be well made and stitched.
My husband loves this!
And they hold their shape well.
Great wallet it zips up to keep your cards clean. The leather is very soft the zipper does not bother you when you sit. Just a very good wallet.
Way better quality than expected.
Absolutely my favorite pair of pj pants and I'm ordering more in other colors. They are so soft and comfy! Thin, but still warm. LOVE THEM!
I love this suit! Very slimming and fits perfectly!!
My daughter bought this as pjs but also ended up wearing as a Halloween costume. She loves it!
Real leather pants! Fine quality and feel very durable. I need to break them in, but just know they run a bit large. I am about 36 inches in the waist and a 34 fits perfectly. Ready to wear them for Oktoberfest in Munich this year!
Love, love, love these. I'm a full fit girl and these bras are support and comfort in one! For the first time, I don't feel like ripping my bra off by dinner time.
Thank you! Great anniversary gift :) arrived quickly
Bought this for my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it. She is 5'4 and I purchased the medium size and it fits quite well. Inexpensive but decent quality.
Good support, also comfortable! Best bra so far.
Comfortable & great for working out. They do not bunch up while jogging.
I like it because it held all my cards in every pocket and plus was nice and flat still that flat and wasn't hard to grad out of the back pocket
Super cute bows that I bought for my daughter..they are actually made of nice material ..I definetly recommend this product!
This dress is very low cut. I wore a black bralette and it was perfect.
I love these!! They fit just as I was hoping!! They're cotton so they're stretchy but breathable and soft. The sizing is confusing but I am 5”2, 137 pounds (at 23 weeks pregnant) and I order an XL, I would normally be a small or medium but the XL worked in this size. But these are great! They're flattering.
Lovely dress. It is very comfortable and soft. I am in love with it and will order another one. Please make it in different colors!!
I wear these under wind pants to stay warm. Works great and they r not bulky.
I don't understand any negative reviews on these. I have anything but negative things to say about them!! Super cute and a good size! All bows came in tact and are of good quality from what I can see! I looked at a couple different sellers before choosing this one. I'm happy with my decision. Bright and pretty colors. Would recommend.
I cannot believe how great thisbis and for only $10! It is soooo well made and works! It is tough to get past the hips but once you get it on it is very comfortable. And best thing is that it does not roll down! Money well spent! Also i am 5'4 163lbs and i went with size large and it is a perfect fit!!!
The headline says it all. I loved my old Thinsulate leather gloves. They were warm and toasty. So when they became badly worn I searched Amazon to replace them at a reasonable price. I'm very happy with my new gloves, thank you!
Exactly like the pic. Perfect for birthday dinner with my honey.
This is a quality, sturdy wallet that is totally earth friendly. The delivery was fast. I purchased three different styles for my husband and sons and all three are great! I will definitely purchase from this company in the future.
I thought I would hate it but it is perfect!! Helps me embrace my size yet still felt cute
Just what I was looking for
Well made. Good price. I was pleased that It was a well received gift.
I like this rain jacket. Fit and detailing great. Easy for travel; many compliments
Good quality and my girlfriend like it.
Good quality and much better than the old white ones. Hubby liked, as a Christmas gift.
I tried these pajamas because of the black cat on them. They fit great and feel good. I'm very happy with my purchase.
If you like the look of a loose, long beachy summer short, this one is perfect. Good fabric and well made.
My son is 6 foot four. He has long arms, this sweater fit him just right. I told him after washing it on cold, to lay it down to air dry.
It was too warm for me so I gave it to my step-mom. She loves it and uses it often.
good sock for the money.
Love the product it was easy to youth it was beautiful on and it matches my dress beautifully.
THIS IS AN AWESOME BELT GREAT QUALITY, EXACTLY HOW THE PICTURE LOOKS. IT IS A GREAT DEAL
My sister bought this off my account. Not sure about it at all.
Supper cute! Great for my 80s outfit
The buckle positively engages the belt so there is no slip. The belt is flattering to pants. I was pleasantly surprised. I really like it.
Fits nice but a little extra roomy in the hips for those of us non curvy ladies. Classic and comfortable though so I'll probLy just tailor it a bit.
I like the fit and the style
So cute, easy to adjust. The quality is great, I think they'll last a long while. The 12 inserts included are a bonus!
My nephew is almost a year and I decided to get this little set for him. In my opinion it will fit perfectly because he's a little overweight but I'm sure it will fit him good. The quality is okay but I know it will last a long time if his mother takes care of it. The color is nice, it's not too bright.
I'm 5'9” waist 34, I order XL and it fit as expected. The material is spandex/nylon stretchy material very comfortable, but it's hot. I don't recommend wearing while working out as mentioned it's very hot not very breathable. But I do admire and enjoy wearing casually, looks great with white sneakers!
My husband goes through these like crazy. I love the quality of these. They aren't very thick so they wouldn't look great alone.
Great fit and very comfortable to wear.
Comfortable and good looking
These are incredible, so soft, fits perfect, so cute, so comfy, so pretty, but a bit long for short people lol
Got this for a party. It was perfect
Love these shirts..I want one in every color. Perfect for the gym and I even swim and fish in them one of my favorites.
Works well. Very smooth zipper
Nice fit. Very flattering
Can never find a wallet with enough slots! Thanks! Love the color!
Very lightweight material! It fits perfectly! It's a great addition to my summer wardrobe!
Nicely made pretty colors
Very satisfied with these socks. Was initially unimpressed taking these off the box, but very satisfied upon wearing them. Perfect for dress socks, not too thin, not too thick. The color, dark brown, is also perfect to wear with my navy blue suit and shoes. See pic.
This was the only place I could find this color of hat. My husbands golf's and it really keeps him warm. He loves it.
Such a great price for durable bras!
I really like this deal. Super cute, different and variety of panties are included. From beautiful neutral colors to fun neons were included in my package. There was an underwear in particular that wasn't a thong but the donut made it kind of cute. I recommend and will be telling my friends about this. Makes undies shopping so much easier. Arrived in 2 days (with prime).
It was smooth and soft bandana. But very small
Great, it was a for gift
My wife loves this it's soft and is a great item to have around the house when you have kids
Great suit for mamas who still like to look sexy. Very well made and comfortable.
Best headbands i have ever got for my daughter, soft stretchy doesn't hurt my baby's head. I would definitely order more different colors
These are nice quality jeans. They fit just as expected. A little loose at the waist and I have to do some constant tugging, but I had read that in some reviews before purchasing. I would highly recommend these pants.
Excellent vendor with amazing customer care and communications :)
This just happens to match a wallet I already have. Not sure I understand the complaints from people saying the plastic insert doesn't work. It works great with my duplicate checks. There are plenty of slots in case I want to leave the larger wallet at home and just bring the checkbook and some ID and a credit card. Overall pleased with the cover.
I was absolutely astonished that these fit me so well. I am a UA girl, and all my workout pants have been Under Armour. I tried these because they were waist high and such a bargain. They fit me perfect! I don't need tummy control, but I couldn't find any without! I plan to buy a few more. I bought the XS, and I'm 5'2" weighing 104 pounds.
I love these gloves. They are so soft on the inside. The palm is a durable vinyl material. The white matches my white coat perfectly! And they are warm!
This was perfect for my son to wear at a vow renewal on the beach!
It was a little tight but I blame my love handles lol
Comfortable and hysterical
Item just as described. Perfect for what I need.
The adjustable straps and tie in back make it easy to get a custom fit and I love it!
I love this coat! Classy, warm, and it has big pockets! I bought it oversized fit myself and I quite like how long it is. :)
This shirt is soooo cute! It fits perfectly. I'll make sure to post a pic later! I have 36dd boobs and 29 waist. I bought a large. It was good!
Got the green. It's super cute and comfy. Thin and wavy so perfect for hot day at festival. Definitely buy again.
Very cute & comfortable socks! I am not much for wearing socks or shoes but I have to wear tennis shoes healing from foot surgery. These socks are super soft and not tight at all for my one slightly swollen foot. Very much worth the money & really happy I bought them!!
This was so flattering it fit well and was great material
Comfortable and fantastic! These might be my favorite socks ever. I ordered more after the first shipment.
I love this because its very comfortable! I would recommend it for any one of my girl friends!
This dress is so comfortable, stylish and professional looking.
bought this for a family member, they LOVE it!!
One of my co-worker started wearing this .. .. she then sent the link to another co-worker who also bought it ... and now we have 6 people in the office who also have one. Great for long "in-front-of-screen" moments
My daughter loves this leotard!
It gaps in the back but it is still cute. Love the color.
Super cute miss Santa costume. The fabric is nice, its actually pretty soft and not itchy to my skin which is great. And very sexy too. I cant wait to use it this coming christmas Eve. I also love the fact that it comes with a hat and a belt. Very nice purchased.
This tape was like a second skin!! It's really thin and silky smooth, you barely know you have it on. This tape held my boobs up nicely and I just removed it slowly in the shower, hardly any redness at all. Will definitely be buying again.
Very comfortable and perfect color.
I love these! They're durable, cute and thick enough to not be see-through. They fit exactly how I needed them to for my 2.5 year old.
Great fit, light weight, and exactly as pictured.
It's beautiful I owe three, black grey and white, dress it up and down. Love them. 💓
Very comfy, nicely placed hole fits exactly where I like to wear my ponytail
These are so cute, stretchy and fit true to size.
Nice and comfortable
Worth it for the price!
I have bought a LOT of shape wear, and, honestly, this is the first time I've had one that actually fits and does exactly what it says. I didn't have to bungee jump off of my dresser to get in it. My clothes glide right over it. Perfect.
Item was as I expected it to be!!!
Does exactly as advertised. I love it. Go girl!
The best I've owned. Until now I've purchased socks that were much cheaper, and yes!...you get what you pay for. These socks are actually 'designed' not just a piece of material cut and sewn into a sock. I am super impressed. They don't slide off, thanks to their design. If you haven't tried them, do. You won't be sorry.
The dress was the same color as the picture as well as the material
This is a very nice lightweight shirt. It's easy to layer. The fabric is thin, but not see through. It's also breathable. It's flowy and comfortable. I'm 5'7" and I weigh 170 lbs. I ordered an XL and it did as expected. If you wanted it to be a little more loose I would order a size up.
Great material and fit!
Arrived within 2 days. Fit was great and quality is good. Looks like picture.
This sweater is exactly what I wanted. It is oversized and extremely comfortable. Nice quality and feel. I could wear it all weekend long. Would totally buy other colors
Fit and feel as described, arrived quickly, very pleased and will order more.
This is well made. The fabric has some give to it which was nice compared to many other African inspired fabric. It's very close to size. I'm top heavy so I ordered size 16. I probably could have gone a size down. The chest fits comfortably but above it is a bit loose. I plan to pull the dress down and tighten it w the belt it came with in order to keep the dress from riding up in the loose areas. Overall, I love it. I would go true to size or one size down.
Made post-c-section a little but nicer! So comfortable and cute.
I purchased this as a gift for my grandson. He loves it!
Bought these for a costume and loved these. They kept me warm all night and are super comfy.
Cute and came faster than it said.
Cute sweatshirt, very soft stretchy material! I'd call it a medium weight shirt, it is a double layer but the layers are not terribly thick. Our son's birthday party was outside and it was about 45 degrees out. We layered this over fleece jammies and he stayed warm enough. I liked that it has a long torso as well. Our son is a tall and skinny baby so it fit really well. We used this for our baby shark themed birthday party and as a Halloween costume. We wanted a costume that would not impede his movement and this did really well at that.
I like this suit very much. Its quality is definitely higher than its price! I looked at my wife and she said she looked very handsome! Haha
This dress is really pretty. I ordered one size up based on other reviews and it fit perfectly. I really liked how it wore in my maternity photos. I didn't have any problems with length or the length of the strings like others mentioned. It is pretty thin though so imperfections in your hips and bum are pretty revealing.
Love these gloves! I can text, write, or whatever I need to do, and when finished, just lift the flap up to cover the fingers back up.
I like the way these socks feel and fit. They held up well in the washer and are not thin like some brands I have tried.
VERY WARM AND I'D BUY ANOTHER IN BLUSH IF IT WAS AVAILABLE.
Love the material and quality - Definitely will order another in future
I was hesitant, but when i received them that are a nice fit. They feel similar to a wet suit but i do feel like they make me sweat more. I did order a size up and they fit nice, just a tad big.
good fit and very compact to store/carry
Love them. Comfortable, durable.
My wife is 5'8” this shirt fit her perfectly
Well made and nice lightweight but strong cotton . Loved this so I bought more. Worth the price.
These are beautiful! Had an issue with my order, but the seller was quick to respond and correct the error! Very pleased!
I have received many compliments while wearing this top. Easy to maintain, and feels comfortable yet not sloppy.
A five-pack of these are such a great deal when there are boutique underwear companies charging as much for a single pair! I've never had such comfortable underwear, not did I realize what a difference that would make!
AWESOME! the quality of these glasses isn't cheap nor flimsy. The lens seem to hold up really well against scratches as well! Perfect for music festivals
I love this shirt! Its comfortable, flattering, and fits great! I bought 3!! ;)
Replaced my wallet with this, it is awesome, very sturdy and GREAT
Best slim wallet I have ever purchased. Extremely durable.
Fits perfect. Light enough to wear it for long hours. Looks awesome. Wore it for 4 hours stretch it was very comfortable..
I ordered a small and they fit great. I'm 5'7" and wear size 4-6 jeans. They come to about mid-thigh and are not too tight around the lace. They are nice and thin and will be perfect under a dress/skirt in the summer.
I absolutely love this! I ordered it for a last minute date night- and based my purchase off of other reviews. I usually have issues with rompers riding up, and I did not have that issue at all with this one! For reference, I am 5'2, 130lbs, and ordered a small. I will definitely be getting more color styles soon!
Jeans fit well. I anticipated the legs being more slim. Nice quality jeans.
All of them fit well except for maybe 1 and I liked almost all of them and the ones I didn't will just be for periods 😅 I'm just so happy I didn't have to go to the store and find some over priced ones wish they had something like this for my husbands boxers
Oh my gosh! I hot to see my grand niece in her little outfit yesterday and I think it is the cutest thing ever! The sizing was perfect and the colors, bright and cheery! Her momma loves it and she received many compliments on it. Well made and beautiful fabrics.
Loved the color & fit! Planning to order in other colors as well. Would recommend for anyone who likes their hips.. shows mine off really well 😊
Very nice hair clips! I bought this for my daughter and I, we both share that, we are very liked, also quality is good , I will recommend.
Very pretty but it didn't look good on.me.
The fit like a dream. The 2x is def a 3x but fit me perfect.
Bought for tropical vacation, was perfect. For the restaurants you had to have some sort of cover-up and this was a good material. The photo is very similar to how it looks in real life. I bought it in white floral, it's very beautiful...and it went with all of my swimsuits. The tassels are a cute touch, perfect purchase.
These are the best socks I've ever purchased. They are soft cotton thats thick and super comfortable . I've been buying these for two years now and won't switch back to any other brand.
Awesome costume, my kid loves it and has been wearing it all week long. The mask has mesh over the eyes with limits vision besides that it perfect.
For the cost, I would buy these in every color. The M fit perfectly (I am between a size 6 and 8) and 5'4". They don't roll at the waist and the pocket fits my iPhone 7+ without issues. The only complaint I have is that they're a little warm (not as breathable) so these are best for cooler temps.
Pockets! Love the pockets! Is a little heavier material than I expected for summer, but it's beautiful!
it is a really good use for my job I have been searching for it.
Was a gift to my grand daughter loved it
Hot! Im 5'5 140 lbs, 34DD, and its SO perfect! Only problem is the stocking "roll up" at the tops
It's a beautiful head piece but unfortunately when it was delivered it was broken
Great little swim diaper. Really liked the side snaps because it made it easier to put on/take off. Would buy again.
I love this robe! Soft and lightweight, just how I like it!
Love these kilts, nice and light, and in my area that's important
Arrived exactly as advertised. I purchased a pair for each of my teenage sons. Quality is excellent especially with the bend out hinge. Nice price.
These jeans possess the ability to flex a bit, which is nice. They fit me well and make me look good. Their light weight makes them a good choice when I go out dancing. I like the smoke / charcoal color because I can pair them with black shoes for a more formal look, casual shoes for work, and running/tennis shoes for play time. They were very reasonably priced, so I will purchase them again.
Fits great , material is good
This is my favorite sweater! Wish I could wear it everyday!
loved it. Reasonable price with quality.
Great product fast delivery! Just as described! My sister will love it!
Very cute and go be casual or dress up
I read the reviews and was hesitant about making the purchase. In all, I have now purchased 4 shirts. I wear XL shirts and they fit very well. If you conceal carry, as I do, you will love them!
Fits very well. Nice qualtiy fabric and well made.
This product was exactly what I expected, very satisfied
Just what I wanted, a hoodie in my favorite color - RED. Gildan never disappoints!
Super cute great for the price. My three year old looks adorable in this
I first saw this at my son's therapy clinic. I very much recommend it as my son has a good while to expand, play and relax! Great product, thank you very much!
Totally love these yoga pants
Pockets are really the only way to go! The robe, like mentioned does slide open at bit but other than that it's great. My husband LOVES when I wear it!
Great price, love the colors & pattern!! Headband a little long, but we pinned it for photos. I wouldn't get this for everyday wear, but it was just what I wanted for birthday colors!
These socks are so comfortable and I love the different colors.
I say somewhat large but I'm 5 even so anything is large really. Super good bag. Lots of compartments. Very durable. The straps are pretty comfy. Can go out in the rain and although it'll get wet, inside will be completely dry. Nice colour too.
Love these for larger calves. Over the knee and they stay up. Just ordered another pack because it's winter in the midwest in November.
I wear a large but got an extra large. It fit a little baggy, just like I wanted. So comfortable!
Tried several different versions of this suit from other sellers. None of them fit. This one did like a glove. Size Medium. Im 5'4" and 168
These are the perfect gift for your weirdest friend! I loved them, and so did he! Nice Print quality, good construction, fits perfect, and was packaged efficiently.
Originally I received the wrong item with wrong name and was immediately disappointed. Worried that we wouldn't have it before the baby was born. I immediately contacted them on their website. She was so nice and had a new made and shipped immediately. It's perfect! Super fast and great quality. Would recommend to everyone!
This dress is super cute, especially for $20ish dollars. The material is linen and I have to wear a sports bra underneath because it dips so low, but I knew that going into it. Can't wait to wear it.
This dress is perfection! Will be using it often at my studio.
Very nice. Light weight and they look so much better than the rope style
Finally, nice no-show liners that actually fit. I am size 9 1/2 and these are the first ones I've found that work for me.
I have to get a new Giants hat every year. It is and always be my favorite baseball team and these hats are terrific. Go Giants
Comfortable pants that looked nice.
These are so soft and comfy without being hot. Love them!!!
My hubby received this as a present. I was not able to take a picture because he wore it immediately and left with it on. He likes the fit, feel and all the compliments. You will not be disappointed with this. It is so realistic. I will update how it washes soon.
Got for my 9 mo th old babe. So many compliments
Super cute! Exactly like the picture. A bit smaller than I was expecting. But it's going to be perfect for our girlfriend table at our wedding.
This bodysuit fits perfect. The material is thick enough that you aren't able to see through it.
For the price, you cannot go wrong. Good fit and excellent for Summer.
Clip-on suspenders keep snapping of me when doing physical work, but these button on suspenders have been flawless for me. I don't know how well they will last, but I bought my second pair already and will be purchasing a couple more as my budget allows.
I just got these in the mail today! Hurried home from work and put them on and now I never want to take them off!! So compy! A little thicker than cotton leggings you find at target but not that gross Shiney material either. It's like... butter 🤗 get em! You will love em!! I'm 5'2 about 135lbs. I got a small and they fit perfect
Great shirt, exactly as described.
These are our go-to burp cloths. They seem to actually absorb spit-up and not get completely soaked/soiled in the process. Also a very good size for burping. Not too small nor too large.
looks pretty good and fits perfectly after simple modifications
The dress is so cute and at such a great price! I want all the colors!! It fits perfectly, and feels so nice in this hot California weather!! Will definitely recommend it!
We purchased it bigger since reviews stated so. Wear womans size M but purchased a large so it could be baggy. My teenager loved it and I may not get it off of her
I bought these hats for my 2 year old. I was having a hard time finding toddler hats and the ones I did find in stores were overpriced and did not seem warm. I was incredibly surprised by how nice these hats are considering you get 3 in a pack. They are so soft and seem really warm. They are too big for her now but she will definitely grow into them. I definitely recommend these hats, great value for such a nice product.
I liked the fit. I bought it to wear.
Perfect fit...very comfortable.
Wow!! This thing is way better than expected. Super bright. The camo breaks it up so it's very cool looking!!
This product works. Hair was dry after I took off the cap.
These are perfect. Not too thick and love to have the traction on the sole. Would buy again and plan to give as gifts for the holidays.
I am in love with these leggings. Must admit, I was a little nervous medium was going to be too big, but they fit perfectly. The stitching lines are flattering. These wash well and are great for around the house or working out.
I love this shirt with leggings. Fits perfect.
Love this shirt, size is perfect (not to tight or loose), design color is true to picture and it has been washed and dried several times and is holding its color and shape. Will be ordering another one.
Nice burp cloths which can also be used as bibs. Quality is as good as the more expensive brands.
My legs have very seriously varicose veins and usually become very swelling in the night time. Since I start wear compression socks, it helps to reduce my legs swelling situation after working all day. The socks are very soft. You can wear all day and still feels comfortable. Recommend it !.
I have ordered before and I wasn't disappointed. Great product. It fits just as it says and its very comfortable. I have not had a problem like I have had with other products such as this.
I purchased this suit for my 7 year old son. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this suit. It is much nicer than the 3 piece sets I've purchased in the past at department stores. It fit my son perfect, although I would consider it a slim fit, so keep that in mind when ordering.
Fit perfect,better than crew socks for summer heat.
Everyone at Christmas parties love this sweater. It isn't the most comfortable one I've worn, but certainly not bad. It's exactly the fun sweater I wanted!
These ankle high hose are great for wearing with long pants when you don't want to put on knee highs or pantyhose which can be hot in the summertime. I'll buy again!
I'm 6'4 and 120lbs, for your consideration. The bras I bought fit me very well, not too tight and not too loose. Just got well. Just wish it have more different color options.
Love it. I get compliments on it whenever I travel. Makes it very easy to identify my bag when it arrives at baggage claim. Perfect purchase for any traveler.
My sister's loved the socks. Great quality
GET IT IT IS SO PRETTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These pants were great they kept the same the knees are reinforced I will definitely be buying more next year
Loved these tights. So soft and comfy.
I bought this for my favorite Aunty that has brain surgery and she looks stunning in it!!
I bought these for my husband four years ago at a department store and they turned out to be his favorite work socks. After returning to that store multiple times and never finding them again, I took to Amazon for the search. These are the best work socks according to my husband, wick away moisture, and stay comfortable, minus a spot on the side of his big toe where the stitching is pretty thick.
These socks are the most loved socks I've ever owned in my whole quirky life...just saying. They are well made to, bright colors, thick, some thicker than others depending on the painting. I have had several complements already.
Prefect size for my 2.5yr old. She can carry a couple Kelly size dolls in there
I love the way it's made. It looks great on my husband.
Love it so far. Just received it will update if any issues
Nice soft denim shirt. It's not stiff like some shirts can be.
These socks fit well. Just meet my need and works great. Nice quality at this price, I would highly recommend !
they do compress down nicely when you zip the second/compression zipper. i liked how organized my suitcase was, too. will continue to use.
Super cute and comfy!!
Love this hat. So warm and stylish. Worn it many times and everyone compliments my hat. The bulb on the top is easy to come off and put back onto the hat.
Very comfortable and look very classy
This is one of the most beautiful dresses I have ever worn it is perfect it is just like the picture actually it's even better. The material is soft and beautiful slightly stretchy so it's comfortable and fits my body just right the only thing I dislike is that the shoulders are two wide but luckily I can tuck them under and it looks great
I get a great deal of compliments when I wear this set. Very cute and stylist
I like the fit and color. I have already worn it several times. you need a black full slip or camisole and half slip.
These anchor luggage tags are awesome! Used them on my last 2 cruises. They hold up well and they helped me find my luggage quickly as they are unique.
Such a fun hat that we used for or Flamingo Flocking fundraiser. Looks and fits as expected.
Happy with the purchase. For the price, these are awesome and hope to buy more in the future.
Much better quality than I expected for the price. Thought the material looked cheap when ordering the wallet. When I got it I was pleasantly surprised. Love all the compartments and it is still thin. I don't use the money clip part as much as I thought since the money fits so well in the large pocket. The magnet is fairly strong. It keeps getting caught on everything. Kinda surprising when your pants stick to your truck when leaning against it. Overall I like everything about this wallet and would recommend it to anyone.
I love these! I bought them in advance for my C-section, but they are so comfortable that I am wearing them during pregnancy. I like that the elastic is so stretchy that there is no pressure on my legs or stomach. Also, the fabric is really light and comfortable. They are the most comfortable underwear I've found!
I had another robe that could have been a twin from Turkey for over 15 years that I finally wore out. These are heavyweight and I just wear them in the winter opting for a lighter robe in the summer. These are great robes that will give you years of use.
Got the solid black with buttons. Amazon tops are hit and miss for me but I was pleasantly surprised! Flattering, the material doesn't hug your body.
I love, love, love this dress. It is so comfortable and very versatile. Exactly what I was hoping for. Plus fabric and design is very pretty. Will be getting more.
Good quality material and weight, not see through. I'm 5'7”, 175 lbs. I first ordered a large, to tight in breast/arms. Exchanged for XLarge, which fits well.
This is a wonderful dress so comfortable, dress it up or casual. LOVE IT!
I'm 5'5" 125 lbs. I purchased a large because I read the reviews about being a little small (normally a medium). I'm glad I did, I really love it. Warm but not too warm.
Great for the beach wedding so much more
Ordered Dress using sizing guide. Fits well around chest and hips. Thought it would be a bit longer but will be ok for specialty party.
Stretchy comfortable easy to use and flattering. When you stretch out the belt it doesn't become see through or make the material look thinner. It's a bright white belt with easy to use clasp.
2 years later and mine still fits and looks great even with machine washes
So cute!! The material is great, it fits my pretty big head well and the wire in the brim is so cool! Would recommend!
I was extremely pleased with this item!
Very warm and cute design especially the pom ;)
Exactly as shown. Nice gloves
This bathing suit makes me look better than I am! It fit perfectly. I love it.
Love it. Perfect for my cards. I cant fit any money in it though. It can hold more than it was made for.
Seem to be a sturdy construction.
Excellent quality I have had many petticoats this is by far my favorite
It is very comfortable and the size is fit. I love the design too.
Well made, comfortable and holds in what I want held in.
Such nice quality- very flattering and true to size! Loved it! The gray one is even cuter!!!
We've purchased multiple of these with (and lanyard)...my girls love them. They hold either a few cards/ID/Money or more than a few. Just a great stylish product.
This wallet can take heavy wear and tear. I am very satisfied with this purchase.
I am currently 25 weeks pregnant and do weekly swim classes with my toddler. Just needed a suit that would fit to get me through the pregnancy. For some reason I thought this was a one piece but it is a two piece - tank with bottom. I am 5 ft 1 in and about 135 right now and in a double D size bra. I ordered a medium and it fits perfect. It think the material surrounding the baby belly should expand and get me to the end of the pregnancy. Also, the quality seems like it will last. Not my favorite style of suit or color and kind of shows more cleavage than I like but for the price and a 30 minutes a week swim class, I can't complain much. Works well for what I need.
GreT quality. Warm and comfy.
Perfect fit! Comfortable and flattering. I typically wear a 40b and got the 40 a/b and the fit is dead on.
Well made, quality product
Everything was perfect 😍
Best Sunglasses EVER! Great packaging and the customer service is the BOMB!
Fit as expected , cute dress !
It fits nice for me being a plus size women
cute and comfortable
Perfect fit, comfortable, not too short so your ears poke out, nice quality and a great staple to have! Worth purchasing for sure!
This is great and very warm. We had bitter cold weather here last week and this hooded scarf kept me warm. I like how the one side is longer to wrap around your neck/face. The pockets were great for putting my already gloved hands in.
Looks absolutely amazing!
Simple white tank, it is a bit longer than hip length but material is durable and not see through (with a white or nude bra). Easy to tuck into pants or a skirt. Washed on cold and tumble dried, no shrinking. I would order again.
This is an awesome product. Very comfortable and stylish underneath my clothing.
I bought these shirts because I needed clothing with no logos or pictures on the front for work. These shirts fit well and are not see through. Just what I needed.
My mom absolutely loves it!!
Husband loves classic long-johns, not the new expensive thin ones, and these are just that. Cotton blend, not tights. Fit as expected. He wears 33" waist Lee jeans and Medium fits perfect. He said the ankles are a little tight to pull on but once on they are fine.
I am so impressed with this dress. The fabric is so soft and stretchy but doesn't go sheer when stretched. It's is true to size for US sizing which seems hard to find these days. I would buy again and recommend you give it a try. I wear a women's 28 and I'm 5'5” with a large chest and this fits like a glove.
I bought it for my daughter on her poetry club. She got so many compliments..Great product
Nice quality for the money. Have used it one week. So far works great for the intended purpose.
Belt fit great right out of the box. I will order other colors today. Fit perfect and belt stays in place. Great material
Fit as described. Great product
This Wallet really saves up space. Made out of aluminum, this stores up my cards and cash. For cash, it stores up at 8 USD bills. For my cards, it fits most of my cards. This is minimalistic, and easy to take out. Definitely would recommend.
Fit great a look like picture
Love the shirt and the color! Lots of compliments when I wear it. Great length for my 5'11 frame. Purchased as maternity top.
Purchased this for my niece's birthday..it was an odd gift but she loved it. Will be ordering one similar to this for myself.
Great vendor - responsible and very professional - way to go
Item was a little small but was still nice for the price.
The Wallet is a great Fit all around. Fits good in my hand, back pocket, center console, I love this thing. No more huge wallet slim is the way to go. Made with really nice materials also.
Soft, plush and comfy! My granddaughter loves it.
The color and the feel of the socks
Love these shorts! I have used them for the gym and for biking. I ordered a small. They fit perfectly and I love the little pockets - 1 for my house key when I go out and 1 for my cell. I was pleasantly surprised!
Like the image the fit the material this is an excellent shirt
I got this on the day it was supposed to be delivered, thankfully. It was Christmas Eve. Dad got a little emotional and it was a moment no amount of money can buy. Love you dad.
It fits really well I used it as a bridesmaid's dress
Beautiful dress. I bought this for my dads funeral and it was perfect. It needed no altering. The material was really expensive looking and the cut outs were very sophisticated.
I really like the quality of the sweater. It looks awesome
I absolutely love these shirts!! The material and fit are amazing. I get a lot of complements on them. Will but again.
Got these for my partner who enjoys them.
I do like the length of this blouses,there are many fashion clothes with SOLO POP brand.
Bought it for my granddaughter. Fit her perfectly. She loves it.
I loved this outfit. It was her bday/halloween. I haven't washed it but once but it fits perfect.
Very happy with this seller and the socks l ordered from them. They do not go to high on the calf but that is fine. I plan on ordering more. One can never have too many pairs of lovely wool socks!
I loved that this kept me warm. I loved the price as well. This outfit has the right amount of cuts to make me feel sexy but still classy.
Perfect fit for a skinny guy. I liked the first one so much I bought two more.
I order tummy control two weeks ago I love it ,in beginning it was hard to keep it for two to 3 hours now I am use to it I love it
It is beautiful, fits well, and is thick material.
Great shirt. Great Quality. Would definitely purchase more products from YoungLA.
Good quality. Fit well!
They look nice but my toes go through.
My husband wanted this product for himself. He's 6'3" and a bit over 300lbs. Finding the right size anything for him is a challenge. He said the instructions were very clear and the craftsmanship is high quality. He hopes for it to last a long while and doesn't want to go back to regular belts.
Super cute as a keychain or purse accessory. The colors were great, and I can tell the item is high quality. Would definitely recommend!
Gorgeous !! Bought for a formal event. Just had a baby and I love the fit and easy access to the breast for pumping purposes. The feel is lovely. I can't wait to wear it for my upcoming event! Important to measure and follow guidelines. Color is beautiful too
I was so pleasantly surprised with my husband's pick of this cap for me. Even the description makes it sound fun as it is. Good for a young or older person as I can attest to. The grey color universal and the tweed gives it character. Exceptionally soft but holds it shape and perfect over any hairstyle.
Awesome fit, great look. Not my first kilt but the first from this company. It wont be my last.
I purchased this wallet as a gift to my husband. I love the quality, the minimalist look and how it's constructed – so easy to place the cards and to remove them from it. It's the perfect size too. I'm considering buying one for me in the gold color.
The only underwear I will buy from now on. I`m not sure about tummy control but it is so soft and comfortable.
Used for a Halloween costume. Love it! Fit very well. We will use it again for any outfits and pictures!
This kind of glasses is really easy to use, and UV protection, sunshade effect is good to see and clear, a very good one, I like the color. Husbands say they look good, they are cool and the price is right. I really like these glasses, and they don't make people feel too dark. It's very comfortable and clear to see people and scenery in this way.
I got this for my bf and he absolutely loves it.
My son looked so cute with his jacket. It's warm, it's durable and just darling. Definitely recommend it for the winter time or a trip somewhere cold
My granddaughter loves the dress.
True to size, the material is nice and soft. Bright red is color the picture does no justice. It really is a beautiful piece
Amazing. I had a strapless that I wore 4years ago and 3 babies ago...needless to say it didn't fit anymore but I had a wedding I was in and needed it to fit. These worked PERFECT!
I love the design and how soft it is. It is very comfortable to wear you can wear it wherever you go. It is very useful to me specially now that it's always raining. Overall, I am so glad I brought it. This has different other colors and I would for sure try to buy other colors. I like it a lot.
Keeps the ladies feet warm..i couldn't be happier. Thats one less thang for me to worry about....or get worried about...one of the two...
my daughter looked amazing in it and she really loved it
Loved it. I would order more in other colors. It added a nice flair to my dress.
Perfect fit as described! Pants easy to adjust! Perfect length
I just received this today & wow am I impressed! I wear a size small shirt, 27-28 jeans, 5'2” & 34DD bra - just had a baby 4 months ago. I read a lot of reviews before ordering & decided on the medium. A lot said order a size down & Im glad I didn't listen - It surely wouldn't fit. I am on the last knotch (loose). Great product for the price!
Material is a little thinner than I thought but this is one of my favorite layers! The blush color is perfect!
Loved this dress. Perfect fitting and looks good.
My husband needed some new ties for work, these are perfect. Great quality and a good modern print that works with his wardrobe.
I bought the costume for my mom and she loved it.
My father liked it a lot. I did have to exchange for different size, but it was a painless process. Good belt with some stretch to it.
They fit very comfortably
Much better price and the store and stand up to daily use. Comfortable and the cell phone pocket is awesome!
Used for first year pics. Great product
I bought it for my mum and she loves it!
Spouse loved it! Great quality, excellent style and reasonable price.
The shirt fits me well. It doesn't cling to my body and the length is long enough to cover my butt. Also the fabric is thin and feels very comfortable.
Fits great and looks even better
Perfect fit! I'm 119 lbs and wear size 2-4 pants, or S and these are size S. They are soft, comfortable, and a great purchase.
Stayed on through the entire wedding. A little shiny. Was a very hot and humid day, and these were just perfect.
Plenty of room for everything you need for a day at the beach, easy to clean up
I love these dresses. So comfy. Sadly only black looks decent on me since I'm Fat lol. Honestly these would be excellent for maternity dresses since they definitely accentuate any belly you have if you're large under your chest. I ordered pink, that periwinkle looking one and black. They're not horribly see through but the top will cling to any roll your bra creates :(. This review sounds so negative but I don't mean it to. This dress fits true to size and the front comes right below my knees in the front and I'm 5'8”.
I'm size 16 220lbs and got an XL- fit perfectly, hid all the bumps and curves. Very comfortable fabric, wrinkles easily but I couldn't see it in pictures. Was also see through but nothing a nude bra couldn't fix
I may have hatred with the eyeliner in my last life, always paint badly.This tool completely saved me.Thanks inventor
1st - This would probably not fit anyone over a size 16 [USA]. 2nd - It zips all the way down the back and ties across the front so definitely easy to put on and take off! 3rd - Add some boots and have fun!
Comfortable, nice patterns, good for sleeping.
A little difficult to put on, but once on, my dog didn't complain about the fit. Cute. I ordered it for Valentine's Day, but it arrived too late, however, was cute when she did wear it.
Myself I liked it alot
ordered for my grandson
Good quality and easy to put on.
I'm 5'2, 31' waist, skinny legs and small little butt. This leggings are great. They adjust to your body. Awesome.
Cute trendy gender neutral outfit! Didn't like how thin it is!
Great hat for its price!
My son loves these. So far, we haven't had any issues with them. Cape is sewn on good and has lasted through several wears/washes.
Several people at work commented that I look good with it
I was soooooo worried when I bought this dress... It was going to arrive late on a Friday, and my daughter had a pageant Saturday morning. It was a spur of the moment decision so going off of reviews was agony for me. I wanted it perfect for her and had no clue if was going to even fit. It fit her absolutely perfect. I didn't have to do any adjustments and it was even more beautiful in real life. It was a little wrinkly from packaging. I tried steaming it for s good 20 minutes before i read that I could iron it from the inside on low-medium. She was Stunning!! She even wore it for daddy daughter dance!! Thank you so much for the great quality, and decent price dreas for my princess!
All you have to do is try on the belt, snip off the extra bit you don't need, and use a lighter to lightly melt the edge. Wasted tons of money on cheap belts that didn't fit right nor last long. Finding this belt was a serious relief to a seemingly brutal cycle. 5 stars.
They are a little snug but overall i am happy with this purchase
I received and Love my new shaper!! I love that it had 3 different levels you can progress to.
It's adorable! I like it a lot! Looks cool!
So cute!! Received so many compliments on this shirt! Great reminder for myself and great message for others. The world needs more kindness.
Comfy fit and I wear a US 14 - 16. I will be able to wear under a sheer black blouse. I love the product and would buy again!
I loved it, exactly what I was looking for!
I love this hat and I plan to buy another warm color good quality and elegant perfect for this winter
Fit perfect and very comfortable.
In love with them , good material, fit perfectly. I'm 126 and I buy x small petite. Just perfect
It is super comfortable and very cute. I washed it yesterday without shrinkage, I loved it so much, I highly recommend this sleepwear!
Bought this for my super picky daughter and she absolutely loved it!! She wears a size 5 and the medium fit perfectly!! Would definitely recommend.
This dress is well-made, comfortable, and looks awesome! I ordered my usual size of dress and the fit is perfect. I am also happy with the shipping and price.
The pajamas are cute, soft and comfortable. Good fit. I wear an 8 and ordered medium for a relaxed fit.
Super comfortable and soft! I am in between sizes, so I chose a size up. I will buy again
Nice quality for the price
Sweatshirt is so soft and comfortable. Fits me perfectly.
As pictured. True to size Great quality. Love it
good quality and easy fast service thank you
Well made! Beautiful color! Definitely ordering more!
Definitely heavy duty.
Earlier than expected on shipping, pants fit fine. Thanks...
This backpack is very roomy ! My son loves his new backpack.
I really like this swim suit. I ordered a large and it fit great. Im normally a size large and sometimes a medium. 5'8, 150 lbs. I ordered a different cupshe set that was too big on top because it wasn't adjustable. This is adjustable because of the tie back. I kept this one and sent the other one back.
Love it. Fits as expected.
These are a bad-hair-day saver!! They're sturdy and adorable!! I wasn't expecting the suede material but love them!
My dad is 93 and one hand is disabled. Mom did need to hem the pants but they are very good quality and he loves them.
I wear this almost everyday. You can do many styles easily, its thin and beautiful.
LOVE THEM. They are indeed purple and comfortable. Highly recommended
These are super comfortable and I bought a second pair. They are one size fits most. I'm 5'2" and 112 pounds for reference. I would guess they would fit up to a 10/12 or larger.
These shirts are extremely comfortable in hot climates. I got it for a work shirt but I also like the high visibility it gives me when I'm on my scooter. Not too hot and great protection from the Sun.
Two colors and both good for summer days. Can saty for a whole day. The middle rope drawing design is worthy of recommendation.
Awesome wallet, my husband loves it. Great fathers day gift.
Fits perfectly. Was on the pricy side, but it is becoming a staple in my wardrobe. Warm but not overly warm.
Wife loved it for one of her birthday gifts
More beautiful than pictured. I bought two. Definitely worth the price and would definitely buy again!!!
Product was as shown, fit well and delivered quickly.
My daughter participates in a school outing.I bought her this thermal underwear to keep her warm in the cold outdoors.Not only are they warm, but they are comfortable and elastic against her skin.They are thin enough for her to wear them at all times
True to size just as pictured. Love the color very vibration. Came with a cute hair tie as well...
I love this dress and I have had a million compliments on it. So many like it at work that 3 other women bought one.
I absolutely love this cardigan!! Received mine today and ordered 2 more. I have a lot of sweaters and jackets but this one is by far the best of all. I like the length. Material is soft and comfy. I wear it with dresses. I fit size S. I already bought one but because i put in more order.
Had so many compliments on this shirt!
Some what small, but it looks great on the wife.
Underwear quality is very good, very beautiful and sexy! I like it very much
These leggings are all my granddaughter wears- loves them and got her to try this blue!!
Fits great, not super restrictive but feel supported. Smooths and supports bump, butt and thighs
This is by far the best vest I've ever gotten the chance to wear. I use the vest for my costume for Larping, geeky I know, but it works wonderful It is very soft and can be worn like a vest, scarf, and even a headband. This make a wonderful accent to my costume and I plan on buying more
Looks great & my husband loves them
Sexy, and nice construction. Very nice addition.
Very nice set. Fluffy. Comfy.
Love these jeans they are amazing!! Great fit and stays true to your body!
Beautiful and fits great. I got a lot of compliments on this!
I was so worried that this was going to start falling apart fifteen minutes after I put it on but it lasted all day and all night and put it in the bag for another use! Great product. Great price
Looks great in my wife on our vacation! She loves it. Very summery looking!
I liked the fit and style but it is not the one i ordered so it is going back
These are soooo comfortable. Bought them in two colors and will buy more. I'm about a size 6/8 and can wear multiple sizes in these
I have received a lot of compliments on this shirt. I fits well. Just be aware it is a SHORT crop top, I would say it rests about three inches below the end of your chest. I would buy it again for sure!
A little too long but so cute!
Everything perfect. Just fits a bit snug, my daughter is 3 1/2 and I honestly think one more month and it wouldn't fit. I ordered a 3/4, thinking I should of ordered a 4/5. But other than that, it's perfect.
Colors were great and arrived quickly
This skirt fits well and is super comfortable!
Good product, nice soft fur, have been using it since its snowy and cold in these Minnesota winters, keeps my ears and head warm!
Love them. Not sure they are really “tummy control “ but I still love them
Bought this for my boyfriend who takes forever to answer when talking to him. It couldn't be more perfect.
I've bought this brand elsewhere so was surprised these are a little big and a little long. But they are holding up great.
Great hats. I get complements on them all the time.
soft fit size as expect good looking!
Very real, seem heavy but once in easy to forget. Do make clothes fit so much better
This dress was a hit. The only time she had an issue with the hoop was when she had to use the restroom. She felt like a princess! The dress was better than I expected.
Great sun hat. We had originally got a smaller one a few months back but our 9 month old has outgrown it. Ordered a larger size in the navy color and it should last us through the end of the year. Offers great protection from the sun and it's lightweight and comfortable.
Very cute dress.Comfortable material. I received all kinds of compliments when I wore it.
Bought this Pacific Legend Beer Men's Fun Hawaiian Shirt for hubby before a beach vacation & he loves it! It's good quality, not too thin/cheap and looks great on him - he's had many compliments! Ordered him a large - he's 6', 170 lbs and it fits him good. Recommend this fun shirt!
I brought this for my husband since he just recently cut off his dreads, plus it was a part of his birthday presents. He loves it!!! It's nice and silky. Will definitely be buying more.
Purchased for Christmas pictures. The outfit was absolutely stunning. Fit perfectly. Shipped super fast!
These are absolutely comfortable to wear all day.
Bought this dress in red to go to a wedding and it was a huge hit! I am 5' 8 and usually wear about a size 12 and I got the XXL and it fit great. Recommend you take measurements and go by the chart. Nice fabric. Overall it was very well made. I got a petticoat to wear under and it really made the dress. I literally had people take pictures of me just for the dress!! Ordering another in green.
This is exactly what we were looking for. My son wore the hulk outfit for his 4th birthday party and it was a big hit! Great quality and fun! He loves it and will definitely wear it again.
Great shirt for nursing !
I ordered this item in in two sizes not sure how they would fit. I must say that I love how this trainer holds me. The responsiveness of the seller was quick and I received it in no time. Not only that the price is very reasonable. I would highly recommend!!!
100% the most comfortable sports bra I've ever owned. I have massive boobs and most bras are extremely uncomfortable. I hate bras and wear them as little as possible, but I honestly considered wearing this one to work today.
These fit my petite five year old well and their cute. We'll see how they hold up.
Wears a dress size 16 ordered a 16 fits great. Great fabric beautiful dress
I am about an 18w and i ordered the 2xl and it fit perfect. One strap didn't want to fit in the designed hole so i flipped it around to go in the other end and it worked. I am very pleased with this bathing suit and received a lot of compliments
YES!!!! I'm 5'5 and about 185lbs, it fits very nicely. I purchased this for working the local Renaissance Faire, which required cotton fabrics. I have to pull it up above my waist as I am short and didn't want this to drag, but it works perfectly since I also have to wear a bodice. It has held up nicely for me and I would definitely recommend for anyone who needs something like this for their renaissance attire of even just to wear out and about. I will have to hem it up a bit if I wanted to wear it off the hip but I have a sewing machine and am used to hemming clothes.
Very nice! My husband loved it!
Quality is great, bought in small size 5'5 125 lbs.
I brought these for my son. He loved them.
Love it. Nicely made.
Very cute! I'm a bit larger and the adjustable straps helped get the perfect fit! I've gotten lots of compliments it so far.
Very happy with these bathing suit bottoms. They are very comfortable to wear.
Nice and comfy! I ordered a size up so I could tie it in a knot at the bottom works perfectly!
This is cute. I shouldve ordered a size up. I wear a 8/10 and ordered a large. This does not provide full coverage on the booty. I ordered a pair of swim shorts to go over bottom.
Best gloves I've ever owned. Keeps your hands toasty warm.
I have enjoyed this shirt so very much
For the IT specialist of a certain age. Don't usually buy t-shirts w/logos cuz only funny the first couple minutes, but couldn't resist this one.
Very soft and warm. Love it!
Already from the picture these socks look nice but they are even better than they look! My friends and I created a holiday to honor our friendship and everybody buys cool socks for each other, these will be perfect!
Love this dress!! Comfortable and sassy.
They are very soft and fit perfectly. Love them
Nothing fancy. Mid quality. Paint isn't done too well, but passable. The lense is clear and nauseating to look through because it's distorted. Bought it for my 4 year old. He likes it for play.
You sent me the item twice I did not order 2 What do I do? Do not charger twice. Your mistake
I so wanted to like this dress. I'm 5'4" 115lb 34D Athletic build I was pleasantly surprised when I received the dress and loved it on Sometimes patterns can be too much for me to bear - not the case here. It is much cuter on.
Wonderful quality. Fit is perfect. Will buy again.
Worked great for headcover
Love the colors, very vibrant! The material is very soft. I wear it with black leggings and boots.
I'm petite but but thick 4'11 140 pounds DD fit somewhat loose but I really like it. Length was surprisingly perfect for me being so short
I kept reading reviews that said size up. I am 5'3" / 105lbs / small chest. I ordered medium, scared it would be too big. It was perfect.
Used for my son first bday it looks perfect
Absolutely love this!!!!! Perfect fit and so cute.
My Boyfriend truly love the shirt as well as the commercials. Thank you. Dilly, Dilly.
Love the pin, got another for a friend
These are really comfortable pants. I enjoy wearing them! I will definitely be buying them again!
It's sooo beautiful!!! Just received it and will be ordering every size!! Love it.
Absolutely LOVE this Newborn outfit.
This is a beautiful dress! I am 5' 10" 150 lbs and I purchased a medium. It fit perfectly! The material is soft and not too thin. Great value for the price! I will definitely purchase from this company in the future. A+++
It's so cute & soft! Reading other reviews I thought the 2 xxl was going to fit me huuge since I normally wear a large bc the sizing was different here but it fit perfect & how I wanted it to, a little loose& cute!
I like the fit and the material. Very pretty!
Nice thick shirt, good quality. No issues with the prints being off. Usually wear XL and the XL size fit perfectly. The design and color are awesome. Would recommend!
Fits me well. Super cute and sexy. Nice quality.
Material is not the best but the print is fun and unique. The size chart is slightly off and the dress looks beat belted because of it.
Ordered a L but needed to return for a smaller size...
My new favorite tank and I own around 30
These socks are so cozy and do the trick of keeping my feet warm
Very good fit and very soft and plush!
Comfortable and stylish
The fit and quality is great. I normally wear a size medium, and these fit true to size. They are very good quality and nice thickness. I'm sure I'll be ordering them in other colors. I highly recommend them!
For reference I am 5'3, 170lbs, 36DD and I ordered a large. This dress was so beautiful in person. Great quality material, soft and lightweight fabric. Fitted nicely through the chest with the arms slightly loose so you are able to easily maneuver . Skirt was flowy and lined. The length on this was just too long and hit me at an awkward length. Not quite full length dress, but also not midi. Hit slightly above the ankle.
Really like to see my husband in this shirt. He looks sophisticated in it. It is true to size. My husband wears xl and i bought xl and fit perfect. I would buy again.
These are good tights. They've held up for several months. They are a brighter pink than the typical ballet pink, but we use them for class not performance.
Work for this company and needed a shirt but it was cheaper on amazon. However it is a good product and I like it for perfect I bought a medium. I don't dry it I allow it to air dry (just my personal preference with washing and drying clothes. It maintains its original color I wash with
I've been needing a bra to wear with my backless Maxi dress. I've tried countless brands and they've never lived up to the type . This Bra is a bit tricky but with some trial and error I was able to get this to stay on! Make sure you wash and dry your body before use. Please note that it is not seamless ! You can gently wash it with soap and water to reuse it.
My husband loves them.
Great service and excellent quality
Wife loves them. She want take them off so I bought another pair.
I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them. He says they are super comfy and don't bunch up. I had gotten him some different underwear before and he was not a fan, but he has claimed these as his favorite underwear.
The cotton is a little rigid, feels very comfortable and cool. Will subscribe this product.
I loved this skit, the quality, the price!! Will buy again. It fit my 7 month old perfect. Very soft and full tulle.
LOVE THEM! But they do run somewhat small. My 8 year old wears a size 4, and they fit well.
good quality at this price
This may now be my most favorite swim suit ever! It's comfortable, beautiful and sexy! It made me feel extremely confident as soon as I put it on! I loved it so much right out of the bag that I immediately purchased a second in a different color design.
Awesome sun glasses at a great price!
I liked everything about the trunks I ordered
This is my new favorite hooded sweater. It has pockets and is true to size. Love the green color, too.
These are some of the most comfortable thongs I have ever worn. They are breathable and the fabric is soft and stretchy. I have a lot of problems with thongs because of how uncomfortable they are in the rear and these don't do that! Better than VS and Aerie!
This is one of the nicest dress I have ever seen for my pet.
Awesome cool looking socks that jazz the work place up
Fit exactly like I thought it would. I used this for a Halloween costume, I sewed bat wings on the sleeves and it worked so splendidly. So comfortable. Will likely use another of these in orange for a consume this coming year.
I love this skirt and cannot wait to wear it. I work in an office and would unfortunately run over the bottom with my chair. I am waiting until we go out this weekend and will pair it with boots and a button up shirt. The fit is really nice and the color is great. I Love the way it looks.
Yes! It was perfect! The red was bright and eye catching, the top was sexy and flirty! I put a safety pin just to close it a little because I'm not blessed up top but it was perfect to contour and it was too hot. Wore it all night and got so many compliments! I'm 36 in the bust and a 28 in the waist and I ordered a small. Would totally buy again in another color
love these, super cute and comfortable for long periods of use
The best belts ever! Stretches but doesn't lose elasticity over time.
very thin, perfect for summer. Flow fit, good image (not pixelated or cheap looking)
GREAT quality!!! SUPER soft, don't slip off my heels despite all-day walking, and great fit. LOVE THESE! I have tried other brands in the past that were too thin, tore, or slipped. These are great! :) Will buy again when needed.
My bf put this on n loved it.. he said it fit very well..
This bathrobe is lush and plush. It feels very luxurious.
wonderfully comfortable
I bought this as a gift for my son and he LOVES it. The fit is perfect and it is so soft.
It was as in the photo, such an amazing glasses case!
Very light weight and handy. My husband's loves this.. Keeps it in his car and says it's one is the best he's had yet. The light is bright and has different functions fire different situations
No hole in the belt to hook through to weaken the product after using it for a while.
Very lightweight and perfect for my hot summer runs that I need sun protection!
Dress is gorgeous. Very flattering and comfortable! Plus it HAS POCKETS!
Great tank I'm 5'10. 300 pounds and fits perfect. I've already washed it three times with no issues.. great product
The dress flows so pretty! Not clingy at all and I had tiny of compliment
Very stretchy, fits great!
This T-shirt is GREAT. I was really surprised., because I don't usually order T-shirts online. I'm a funny one to fit (5'3" and over 200 lbs, most of it in the middle, which makes it hard to fit most clothing). So I ordered the XXL and it fit perfectly. Now, like every single thing I put on, it hugs up to me too much on my gut, but that's my gut, NOT the shirt's fault at all. Once I lose about 10 lbs (of the 50+ I need to lose), it will fall and flow just perfectly. Usually, I have to order a size larger than I wear just to fit my middle, then the shoulders and neck are too big. With this shirt, the shoulders and neck are perfect, and will be even once I lose the 10 LBS. Can't wait to order more colors of these!! Love the material and colors.
Love this lab coat. I get a lot of compliments about it. No iron.
Cant go wrong with a Wrangler shirt. Fit my husband exactly the way it should. The buttons are also a nice touch. not too flashy.
If I could give 10 stars, I would. First off, this beanie is so soft. Second, it has a deeper pocket so I can actually twist all of my hair up in it and it still sits all the way down over my ears!!! Third, and the BEST thing ever, the cute little pom at the top is removable with a simple snap button....so take it...or leave it!!!! Love it!!!
Great quality and great buy runs a little small
I highly recommend this product the material feels so soft, and it's tick material .
I bought this for my daughter and she loved them. She has had them for while now and they still look and feel great.
Fits perfect. Not too thin, it is just right. The sizing is also very accurate.
Great little coin purse
I bought it for my daughter who is 34. This jacket is well made. She can wear it to the office or at home. It fits her so nicely and looks great! She loves it!!
Beautiful color. Washes and dries ready to wear. My granddaughter loves it.
Wore this dress to a wedding with a Gatsby theme. Received so so many compliments on the dress. Had some people take a picture of me in it. A great dress to hide all the lumps and bumps and still be comfortable. Using the ladies room was a bit tricky because of the fringe but I figured it out!
I don't usually write reviews, but I am super happy with these pants. I'm an elementary teacher, and these have been a great addition to my wardrobe. The pockets are deep, and they're super comfortable. Basically like wearing professional looking sweatpants. The belt also has elastic, which is very smart, because I don't have to untie it every time I go to the restroom. Definitely recommend, and will probably buy another pair.
Great product it fits and it is keeping me warm!
Like the lightweight fabric, it is convenient to pack for travel. The two pockets could put my phone and other necessities for getting out. It is a basic robe that everyone must have.
Fits as expected. Thank you
Great socks to wear with flats so your feet don't get sweaty. The rubber added to the heel is super helpful and keeps the socks wear you want them
I use this with swimsuits and jeans.
Soft leather good fit for boyfriend I Mae him wear when we go out in cold plus he can text in it which wa reason why he did not like to wear gloves always cold hands
These work socks appear to be of good quality. Good comfortable fit under my work boots.
This belt is cute and fits well. I bought a large, and I think that is fits to size. I pair it with a 1950s still outfits, and it looks stunning, if I must say so myself!
My husband really liked this shirt. It fits perfectly on him.
Love this brown suede strap. Very comfortable and fits my wrist perfect. Can't beat the price for this top quality strap.
I like this bra..very comfortable & I LOVE that theres no underwire..
Beautiful dress. My 5 year old loves it.
These bras fit absolutely perfect!!! Very TTS!!!
So I normally don't like wearing hats but I needed something to keep the sweat off my face while at the gym. I eventually looked into hats, they seem like a popular gym accessory. I came across this one and loved the rugged design of it. I've worn it several times and it's perfect. The mesh is great for making sure you don't trap in all that heat and the hat absorbs the sweat quite well. A must have for your dome!
Tied for 1st place in our Purim Contest at Synagogue. Nice detail!
Fit good nice and warm
My gorgeous 62 year Wife looks like a 25 year old hot babe in these leggings!!! Very well made, Great fit!!!
I never thought I'd get excited about socks but... these are great I wear them pretty much everyday. They haven't slipped off my feet once
Part of a costume for hippie fest.
Wife loves them and she is super hot when she wears them.
Material is soft and very comfortable to wear. I washed it already and color still looks vibrant. Would recommend.
but it appears Danskin doesn't make them anymore...sad.
Love the feel and look. Perfect for the 4th of July!!
Was able to match my son on Valentine's Day and couldn't be happier! Quality shirt and I've worn it many times since then. Holds up well in the wash.
Excellent quality and runs true to size. I'm 5'7” and weigh 120 pounds and wear a size Small. This small fits true to size. Great fabric.
Surprisingly well engineered for the price. The handy case is a bonus.
Fit as expected and the little amount of rubber on the heal is perfect. It prevents my socks from moving down as I walk in my boat shoes.
These fit just a little tight, but not to the point that I think they're close to ripping/tearing/stretching. They may also loosen up after a couple wears. All in all I'll probably buy another pack because they are super comfy and look really nice.
Very cozy and I love the design! It runs in men sizes, but still awesome!
Great belt, very stylish
I have no words , the dresses are just perfect!!!!
These socks are awesome!!! My husband and I had all of the nurses caring for him during his chemo treatments ordering these socks. #f***cancer
It arrived on time, and the quality is super good, seems like it will be a good warm coat, and very nice! It fits so good too! I don't know if I've ever had a coat that fits so well! I like the belt because it accentuates your waist and is flattering. It's perfect and I love it!
Gifted to my dad and brother both loved these! Said it was comfy and flexible.
nice and confortable!
These are amazing!! Comfy and true to size. I have already ordered 2 pairs
These have an expensive, classy look even though they're a bargain for the price. I wear them all the time. I live in Texas where there is just too much sun and these are wonderful and match everything.
Great quality! For reference I am 5'5 140lbs and bought a small. Love the detail on this shirt. Isn't see thru at all. Washes well (hang dried it). Definitely recommend.
This was better then expected. So happy with it
Perfect for summer! Can wear different ways!
Oh my gosh, these goggles are awesome! They look exactly like the picture (with some minor assembling of the two ocular pieces onto the goggles themselves) and my daughter can't wait to wear them for Halloween with the rest of her steampunk outfit!
Such great quality. Cannot wait to wear it on vacay
Love this belt. Great quality, look and size! Highly recommend!
I was very please with the quality of the wallet
Exactly as expected! Recommend!
Love it came in Time for Christmas.
I love these no-show socks and highly recommend them! Unlike the others I have tried, these stay on my feet and do not slide down my heels.
Goes with any outfit. Can be used on little hands to protect their face from self inflicted scratches
I used this for a party. Fits great. This is a bodycon dress and it is form fitting. Stopped at knee length, however, if you have been blessed with some curves it will shimmy its way up a bit as you walk. Made me feel sexy all while being covered up. The dress will appear to have a white background when stretch due to the inside of the dress being white, but it didn't take away from the dress at all.
As Advertised. Easy to trim to correct size. Good quality
Some of my go-to jeans!
These are the most awesome gloves in the universe..not reall, but they're ok
So cute!! Love them! I have worn and wash several times and held up just fine
This dress is awesome! I wore it for my graduation because I wanted something fun and glamorous. This dress fit the bill! I believe the style of this dress is universally flattering. And you can't beat the price! Totally worth it.
These are so wonderful to wear with my clogs when I don't want a sock showing. Nicely cushioned and very comfortable too.
Love these! Would like to buy them in more colors - very comfortable, warm and cushioned. Perfect for cold weather!
I originally bought this to use as a diaper bag but my daughter liked it so much she took it to use for her laptop. Her laptop fits perfectly and she love the insulated pouch to hold her water bottle, it's very spacious for her books and she likes the material inside and out. I guess I'll be purchasing again soon for a diaper bag.
This dress is absolutely amazing! I am 5'5, a busty 34 DDD and usually wear a size 6/8. The Medium fit perfectly. This dress is extremely flattering in every since of the word... I am planning to purchase in other colors!
Love that I can pull my hair through. Super cute and comfy!
I love these scrubs. They are comfortable and cute. I am normally a medium but the small fits me great so I think they run a little big, especially after wearing them all day (they stretch a little).
Looks great! Perfect size and good quality.
This jumper is absolutely amazing! I ordered the first one in pink and although it is a little see through, with the proper under garments, it was fine. I am 5'5” and about 140 lbs and ordered a small. The fit was great and the material is sooooo soft. Bought it for a cruise to the Bahamas and it was light, airy, and comfortable. Got a pretty bad sunburn while on vacation, and this was the only thing I could wear on the last day, due to the light weight material. Loved it so much I bought another in gray.
I love that they grow with your baby and the design is super cute!
I liked this Ski mask because all the different ways you can wear it. And the waterproof / windproof fabric is made it is really soft, so it gives you a good feeling on your face.
Go with the size you always get for dresses. I got a size bigger because I was worried of it being too tight. It's still great just need to trust instinct
So cute!!!! I bought some of these when my daughter was smaller. She's really fussy about how her socks feel. She loved them so much I purchased the larger size.
I ordered an XL but could have gone with a Large runs a little big but I love it, it's super cozy and soft!!
Arrived on time as posted. It was great, just what I wanted
Fun. Used with photo booth for party.
Softest and warmest socks ever!!! Not to thick so that they feel heavy!! Will definitely be buying more of these, for I don't even know I have socks on because they are so soft!!
Ordered for my 7 year old, fit perfect. Quality seems great as well.
Very soft and nice and long
Daughter wear it for a play at school
Fits perfect. The fabric is really soft and it shapes everything in a very flattering way. Reasonable price too:)
I'm really surprised on the quality. These high waisted workout pants have become my favorite workout leggings! Super cute designs, great quality for the price!! Recommended!
At first I bought two, then liked those so much, I ordered two more. Two solids and two patterns. Dresses are comfortable, modest, and cute! For size reference, I am 5'2” 115 lbs. I ordered medium because I'm curvy. They were a tad loose around my waist, but I added a belt which made them perfect. I think a small would have been too tight for me. As far as length, they go right past my knees.
Items arrived quickly, and without any issues. Seem to be pretty durable so far, and I like the variety of colors/designs!
Fit is great for either knotting at the front for wearing with skirts, jeans or dressier pants. I have also worn with leggings without tying it and I liked it that way as well.
Perfect hat to complete preparations for Oktoberfest. If you want an inexpensive hat that provides the look and quality to hold up during party conditions, try it out! You will not be disappointed unless you want to spend more money.
warm and soft. I have two of these, and they wash and dry well too.
I lived in Liu & Qu shirts during my pregnancy (wore them casually, under blazers, you name it) and LOVE these for nursing postpartum. They fit me SO well, exactly as expected size wise. I have a couple tanks, a couple long sleeve shirts (in maternity wear) and would probably buy this nursing top in every color (Hint hint, please make more!).
Pregnant wear really very suitable, material is very good, workmanship is also very delicate, very suitable for summer wear, no color difference color version is very good, comfortable and breathable upper body, the design of the leg length is also thin, can not see is pregnant. It should be this summer's often seen skirt. It's better than imagination. It can wear for a long time.
better quality than some of the "funny" socks
Excellent parry piece for my daughter's 16th birthday. Arrived on time and was very successful and popular. I would recommend this seller highly. Thanks
I love this top! The material is soft ,light weight almost silky. The hello kitty is super cute and very comfortable to wear.
Hat is really adorable and very warm!
Got these for my boyfriend in a size small. He is 5'5, 135 and slender. They are skimpy, yet very very durable. The pouch is made to hold everything in even if he gets excited. These are a very sexy thong and cause allot of arousal which is good for me when he asked for me to move the butt crack strap and penetrate him while he has them on.
I just ordered a 2nd pair and I'm going to get capris too. I wear them to work (bartender and have to wear all black) so obviously they aren't see through! Super comfy and soft. Love that they are high waisted for a bit of tummy control!
Good fit and comfortable
Purchased this nursing bra in the gray color and it is super comfy to wear all day and night. The removable pads are great and don't show any leak stains. Would definitely recommend for nursing moms!
Beyond pleased. Far exceeded my expectations. Great stitching and had this in absolutely no time.
Love the quality! I'll be purchasing diff styles
Very pretty! Loved it
I like it cause it's not revealing. I can wear it even without any cover when walking down the beach. I normally wear a Medium and it feels a little loose on the underarm area. Otherwise, it really looks cute. The material doesn't look cheap.
Another favorite dress. Colors are bright and cheerful.
I love this dress! Cute wrap and I get so many compliments on it too. Definitely worth every penny.
This is a good hat. I'll buy it again when I need another.
I wasn't sure how this was going to work but I had a shirt I needed a solution for and this was cheap enough to try. Well, it worked! I am a 34C but based on the comments, I sized up to a D. I had no issues with it sticking. It does say not to wear in hot weather, and while I was a little self conscious of it falling off or sliding, I did wear on one hot day and it did stay.
Very good hoodie. Keeps my son warm
Just as pictured, I'm planning to use it for a cosplay but it also works for every day use
Loved it, ordered one in blue & black. Very cool and soft material
Nice quality. Perfect fit. Planning to buy more.
Pearl snaps playa. What else is there to say?
I really like the billfold. It has plenty of room for all my stuff!! I Love It!!
Looks great under a blazer. Thick material fitted but not tight. Overall a great buy. I even had it dry cleaned with my more expensive pieces.
Just as picture, looks great quality and the color was exactly what we were looking for
Great fit. They are perfect for all of my loafers.
These are amazing leggings. They are so soft. I had seen some reviews about the holes in them, but let me say you have to follow the directions on the tag on how to wash them. You have to hang dry them, putting them in the dryer will result in the holes. These are amazing leggings!
Nicer leather than wallets that are so much more a expensive.
Would love to buy these again. Products came out exactly as description and fit with the size measurement. First experiment is good, I would come back and get few more of these. It could be trusted.
They really work.. I'm a DD AND THEY LIFT THEM
Very Pretty in Person, its fits as Expected to, and not so cheap looking. I Recommend this Dress.
These are my new favorite pants for working out. I ordered the purple and they are a great color and fit great. I will definitely be ordering a few more pairs in other colors. The price is fantastic for the quality. They do hit lower on my leg then in the picture, but I'm 5'2" so I expected that. The pockets are a great bonus.
best hat ever. our entire water aerobics class has now bought them!
Bought for my niece and she loves them! Great price and fits as expected.
Warm and cozy AND cute
material is thick. not see through. Im a 36DD 5 ft 6 and 140lbs. I have a small waist. Its a bit loose around the midsection, but if i had purchased a small I don't think it would've fit around my chest area very well.
"At first I was a little confused as the directions are fine, but reading the Specifications are not clear, it does not come with a charger for lithium batteries and it isn't until the rereading that using AAA alkaline batteries is OK. I've been using this for months now. My readings are always higher at the doctor's office, so I wondered about the accuracy of this machine. To me, my readings always made sense. I used to have very high blood pressure, and the high readings coincided with the headaches. These days, I'm in much better shape, but it was dropping low - especially after a cardio workout, and if I took a medication too soon afterward, the very low readings explained the strange feeling and blurred vision (when it got down to 110 or lower). I've kept good records of my numbers, and brought in spreadsheets for the doctor, who said my numbers looked awesome...but then on every visit, BP would be higher.Not being one to just blindly take more meds with side effects (and I recently quit one), I had to settle a dispute. I took my monitor in, and we compared results. The first set of readings matched perfectly - systolic, diastolic, and even the pulse. We waited a few minutes, and tried again. The second readings were still extremely close - off by only 2-3 points (and closer to normal because they allowed me to sit for a few minutes). It proved that my BP is higher during an office visit (not concerned about that), but more importantly, it proved that my everyday normal readings are valid, so I can manage my health with confidence. I saw another review by someone who tried this same experiment and got inaccurate readings. I can only report on my own experience, and this model seems very accurate.The nurse was quite impressed with it, and made a note of which model I have. "
It's a general choice for you to choose this one. High quality and the design fits almost every kind of the body shape. You don't need to worry about that it can't cover the belly or shows the shortage of your body. The dot is cute and the color is gorgeous and shine on the beach.
Great quality, fit just right on my 11 year old.
Beautiful dress! I got a size small and the fit and length was perfect
Beautiful. Liked the size. Bought it for my big brother, for his wedding.
They are very comfortable, adjust easily and keep me warm.
This dress is super flattering and comfortable! Very happy with the purchase.
I have a new grandbaby born in May. These look so gorgeous on her great products for a great price!
Love it, go and buy now
These were a gift for my Father he loved the fit. They are comfortable and good for those who need a bit more room in front.
I don't think you can beat the price for these socks. They are warm and comfortable, and (so far) holding up well. I have large feet, and they're not too tight. I've had merino socks where the inside of the sock was somewhat softer, but those were much more expensive than these (2 - 3x more expensive!)
I ordered these headbands for my twin girls and was pleasantly surprised at the quality! Well worth the price and super cute in person. My 9 month olds have larger heads so it was hard to find headbands that didn't leave marks on their heads, but these were perfect. Would definitely recommend!
Never had a belt like this before. Will never buy any other kind again. Easy on and off. Secure hold. Handsome design. Quality craftsmanship. Superior value in every respect.
Too small! I bought a size 6 as our 5 year old is tall and wears a 6 in shirts and jackets. When we got this I was shocked at the length. This runs a bit short so I would order a size bigger. The reason for 5 stars? I was easily able to exchange it for the next size up which I received the following week and it fit perfectly. And it is also a very nice hoodie. The color is bright and it is very well made! Very happy with this!
I like the cardholder key chain. It is nice looking and holds everything I need to take with me. It is lightweight and durable. Perfect for what I needed.
Received just what I expected, fits great, love the color.
So dang cute I love buying from this brand I'm never disappointed by the products runs TTS and if you want an oversized look just size up otherwise stick to your normal size I got an XL also it's not super thick so don't expect it to be super hot! It's actually quite thin
Beautiful shirt. Very soft and comfortable. Looks nice and fits as I thought it would. Really like it.
It prevents the gap in the back of my jeans. I just leave them on the pants till its time to wash. I hope I don't have to take these off at airport security.
I loved bragging about the price of this veil! I bought this after seeing the price of veils at David bridal... Totally a great way to save money and still looked great.
I've tried 5 other brands on here and these are by far the best.
So comfortable. Nice soft fabric. Washes easy and I also put It is the dryer. Well made.
So much to like about this top: fit, feel, design, price point, machine washable (hang to dry). It comes in an assortment of other graphic designs, and I wish it came in MORE. :)
Very warm and fits my huge head.
Excellent belt, strong and durable, sits very nicely on the waistline
My wife purchased these, and she's thrilled with them! She says: "So soft and comfortable!!! Not too tight, and having pockets is a definite plus! Couldn't be happier, and I will probably purchase more in the future!"
Very good product. Soft and warm. Good quality.
Soft and my daughter seems very comfortable in them
Very good fit. Nice material for summer
These fit well, are good quality and are super cute!
First of these type of hats I own and I like it. Versatile.
I found the magic trick ladies. Get one of these in all the basic colours and wear UNDERNEATH your blazer. Cold problem solved and you don't have to make idiotic claims that air conditioners are sexist.
Even though it took much much longer than expected for it to arrive, I will say that it was worth the wait. The pants fit perfectly.
These did the job for preventing slips and falls on wood and tile floors while recovering from injury and needing non-skid socks.
The reviews are spot-on, this dress is awesome! It does smell kind of funny when you first get it but hey that's what perfume is for right? I'm 5'5, 160 and I got a medium which was a tiny bit long in flats but otherwise fit perfectly. Since I have a curvier frame I knotted the bottom to give myself a little more dimension.
I have just received my pair of socks. I have had them on for less than 15 minutes and I can tell a huge difference! It just "feels" relaxing and soothing! Needless to say I think I will enjoy wearing these socks on an upcoming trip to Europe and the long flight! Very pleased! Highly recommend!!
Fits great and super cute and soft!
Dr told me I needed to cover my chrome dome when outside. So I decided to find a hat I could enjoy wearing, and better yet for my fav gun. This hat fits like a glove, awesome distressed look, and a great hat to show off your a 2nd amendment person without allowing for gated to realize
Love these, great fit and great price.
I got a medium I am usually a small but am size 34C bra size so wanted room to wear it with no bra. Fits perfect and so comfortable.
This romper is really, really great for the price. I ordered an XL and it is true to size. It is definitely on the shorter side, but I plan to wear it out to dinner at the beach so no biggie. Quality is great. Stretch is great. Love the tassles. Great find!!!
I love this suit! I bought it for a trip down to Florida and got so many compliments. It fits really well, which is tough for me to find in a one piece, being 5'9" and quite thin. It's also great if you're planning on taking a lot of pics
Perfect! I'm 5'10 and 200 lbs. This is long enough to wear without leggings though I have to be careful of leaning over too far. I'll be wearing it a lot this summer!
Purchased with a colorful shirt it looked so cute on my gran daughter.
I absolutely Love this beautiful white flowy blouse. It is so much more than I had expected!!!! So so pretty!!...Thankyou Amazon so much!
perfect light weight and comfortable - would buy again
Beautiful dress. It is so comfortable and so soft. The material feels super nice on the skin. I got the wine color and it looks just like the picture shown. The size small fits good. I really like the lace details in the front of the dress and the bottom. Overall pretty dress.
It fit as expected and perfectly baggy.Wearing the sweater with leggings and booties is a nice casual outfit.I would recommend it to a friend.
I absolutely love this shirt. I even came back and ordered 2 more.
I already wear Carhartt blue jeans and these shorts run a size small. I originally ordered what I wear in jeans but had to send them back and get the next size larger and those fit well. These are excellent shorts, well built and they feel very durable.
Fits like a glove. Would buy again
Good fit. Just what I was looking for.
Very lightweight and comfortable material; perfect for hot weather. Beautiful, vibrant colors.
Great comfortable and nice color Wish they had pockets
I got the pink one. It is much more brightly colored than in the picture. It fit perfect and I loved it so much I ended up buying the Blue one as well! For reference I am 5'7" 160 lbs and I got a size Large.
Fits well, comfortable and fashionable:) very happy with my purchase
Such a beautiful dress! My daughter loved it and the colors were vibrant and nice.
Bought this for my husband because he never has any casual shirts he likes. Quality is good, fit is good. He prefers a slimmer fit and it was great. He typically wears medium and the medium was perfect and still fit great even after being washed. Definitely recommend. He's already worn it a couple times in a few weeks.
good fit nice design priced within reason and I would say...buy it if your looking for a good cap.
I am super happy with this purchase. It was packaged beautifully. The fabric is nice, and I love the scallop cut. The best part is that unlike other shrugs that I have worn, this one lays beautifully. It is cute so that it lies just as it does in the picture. Most shrugs either fall off to the sides where the fabric gathers in your armpit, or they are cut so close to the center front, they might as well be a sweater. Not this one, and I love it. You should definitely buy one, or even two while you are at it. Also, I bought a crinoline from this same manufacturer which was also well-made and nicely packaged, so I have no reservations about recommending the Grace Karin line.
I bought this dress to wear for at a wedding and it was so classy and perfect. The color is exactly as pictured and it is not a cheap material. I'm 5'6” 215lbs and I ordered a large. I would definitely order from this seller again!
Sexy lingerie for my girl friend .she like it .The size is all right .good price .very sexy and good design beautiful !
My brother loved it! And so did everyone else!
Nice fit and good price
Well made! Great graphic t-shirt
I am glad we added this to our costume collection.
Love the shirt. Fits well. And is nice and soft.
I've been struggling with losing the baby weight and have been super self conscious about the soft parts of my tummy area. I was looking for something with a little tummy control, and am happy to say that this bottom met my needs (even if I would have preferred more control, it was enough). It enabled me to feel comfortable and sexy in a two piece, while still offering full coverage. I would absolutely recommend this bathing suit bottom. I especially liked that they were shorts, as I am blessed with a big booty and thick thighs, and bikini cuts aren't the most flattering.
I like the color and material true to the picture.
My daughter refused to take this shirt off for the first 24 hours. She even slept in it. Great shirts!
Great work hoodie soft and durable
I love the scarf! I even had an issue with it not showing up and the seller was really easy to work with!
Got this for my sister, she loves this brand!
As advertised, good quality.
Comfortable and fits well. Would buy again!
They came in very handy for the cold mornings these past couple of weeks. I like how they look and feel and specially the soft inside lining. I wish they came in in more colors, I'd definitely buy them
My new favorite! The shorts stay in place and are even with the bottom of the skirt, which is short but not too short. I love the side pockets on the shorts so that I can take my phone with me when I run. I'd highly recommend these!! I'm 5'6", 130lbs, and the medium fits like a charm.
These are the best pajamas I have ever owned. I'm a hot sleeper, so this is a treat for me to wear at night. These pjs are roomy, moisture-wicking, extremely comfortable to sleep in and launder beautifully. The price and quality are SUPERB!! I am very happy with this purchase.Planning on ordering another set in a different color.
These are a perfect fit. They are a thinner/ flexible material so your feet stay cool. They are very comfortable and stay where they are supposed to. They do not bunch up or fall off the heel.
Bought this for my daughter, it is a classic dress. So flattering on and elegantly made. She looks like Audrey Hepburn!!
My husband is very happy with these; the fabric fits close and comfy. I sized up one size and they look great. I'm replacing all his old briefs!
Socks very nice quality, fit perfectly in foot and tall over-calf. Great for winter! Thank you.
These are beautiful!
Love it. Perfect amount of storage places and not phone fits perfectly into the second compartment.
I love this dress! It's so comfortable and not sheer because it has a built in slip. Only complaint is that due to the (cute) cut in the front, it tends to ride up as I walk or go up the stairs. It's nice enough that I can dress it up for work or dress it down for casual wear. I wouldn't call it a "mini" dress as it hits only 3 inches above my knee. The sleeves aren't too tight which I appreciate! Ordered a small 5'5" 135lbs, 34D.
This dress is beautiful. I love it.
Nice and has lots of pockets good job champion 👍
Love these sunglasses! They're the coolest ones I've ever had - they're definitely unique! I love all the freebies they throw in with every order!
Great belt! Loved the smell of genuine leather. Great price for a great belt!
This was a specific request from my future son-in-law and he loves them.
Runs just a little big but not worth sizing down- beautiful color & fit!
I like how soft, smooth and fitted they are. Nice texture, smooth on the inside, outside and warm. I like the fact that they above my wrist. However, I have not experienced them in very cold weather yet. I am very pleased.
This product was just what my teenage son needed for prom night to stay looking well put together through all the fun and dancing throughout the night! He has slim legs and he was able to adjust this to fit snug. Worked great!!
Amazing quality and beautiful colors. Very pleased with these and will order again!
Very good shirt. Kind of see through which is expected of white colored things. Stretches beautifully and fits as expected.
Got lots of compliments!
Ordered a 6-12 for my 5 month old. He usually fits in 6-9 months clothes. Fit like a 6 month onsie. Stretchy and cute tho
Although the dress does not fit me exactly like the girl in the pic, it's still a great dress. I love the material and it's a little black dress that can be worn for most outings.
Very good quality. So cheap!!
Really like these socks. I'd put them around a medium thickness which is great for the price.
Perfect belt for any occasion - sizing perfect also.
This is exactly what I was looking for for the gym! Very soft, very comfortable. It was a little long on me so I just tie it in the front and it's perfect!
My son loves it! He said it is very comfy and says he feels stronger.
sizing is perfect.The stickiness was really adhesive and the material that was used is way better than all the other sticky bras I've gotten.They do not move or slip when I'm wearing them,I will buy again.
Excelent quality! Beautiful. Exactly like the photos!!!
So far so good. Very comfortable but I haven't washed them yet so I don't really know well they will hold up to multiple wash and wear
What I like the most is that what see is what you get
My son is a size 12 shoe and loves these w his birks.
Makes feedings easier
I am not a swimsuit kind of gal, but after reading the reviews on this one, I decided to go for it. It fit as expected (I'm 5'8 and about 190 lbs, size 40D and I bought an XL) it is snug around the seams, but most swimsuits are, the top and the high waisted bottoms help cover my insecurities, but I think the pattern I got (solid black top and white/black striped bottoms) kind of hides the bumps 😂. I am going to wait until I'm done being sick and try it on again
Nice material for summer, not too heavy.
This hat is super cute, very comfortable, and lightweight. So glad I bought it.
I wore this and received so many compliments. The top is loose fitting and not heavy weight. The colors are very pretty and this washed/dried very nice. True to size.
Great Quality, Bright Colors, and planning on buying more as gifts 😊
I would DEFINITELY recommend this jumpsuit, it is a super cute! I was worried about ordering this since I have had bad luck in the past with the fit and quality of jumpsuits that I have ordered from Amazon but this is great! The color is exactly as shown, the fabric is linen and looks like a quality piece of clothing. The fit is as expected; for reference I am a 10 petite, 5'4”, so I can wear an 8 or a 10, medium, or large, depending on the designer. I purchased the blue in large and the fit is perfect, loose in the hips, and form fitting and comfortable in the top. I purchased the green in medium and it's a snug, but I am keeping it since I love it and plan on hitting the gym soon (sure ;)). The bottom of leg in both the medium and large hits about 1-inch above the ankles. I would have given 5 stars but the blue suit has some small brown spots on both the front and back, I am exchanging it for another one. I will update this review when I receive the replacement. The green suit is in perfect/new condition.
Great pair of mittens. Durable, warm and should last for years. My 20 month old child's hands don't come close to filling them up however.
So soft and a great fit! Bought one for both of my kiddos and they love them! So worth the money.
Great wallet holds all my cards , just wish it had a place for my grand kids pictures .
The pants fit very comfortably
Delivered as promised
My granddaughter was thrilled!
Not large. But hey long. Love the rest
Fit as expected. Very comfortable socks.
Great fit and it seems to be a good quality shirt for the price.
I like it so much even though it seems small for me. I think I should have ordered the XL.
Love love love this. I am 115 lbs 5'3. I have a larger bottom half and a flat chest. The skirt was perfect and sexy. The top was a bit large around the rib cage being a 32A but put on a busty strapless bra and it fills it out a little more! It's SO comfy and great quality
The dress fit beautifully and the accessories were great additions. My daughter loves the dress especially the cape. The dress held up the whole day of her party.
Great suit for the price! Worth it!
Got these for my 52 year old brothers birthday. They are neat-o, although I'm not the kinda person to wear these. Appears to be a solid, well made pair of sox. Again, these are pretty cool.
I love this robe.The martial is ultra-plushy,and the deep purple color is lovely.
Follow the size chart in the product description (from the sellers) not the default Amazon one and it fits perfect. It is comfortable and looks great on. The color is nice.
This belt was better than expected.
Super cute patterns. Easy to get on and off of an active two year old. My son gets really excited about the patterns. Fit well but my son has a long torso so I should have gone a size up.
I'm 5'5 146 bought a large, fits good loose. I like the material.
I like the way it fits and and its authentic looking
I'm a guy and absolutely love these tights!! Super shiny, just like I wanted!! I will be ordering more!!!
I've bought 4 of these. Love them
Material too thin. Can see through it
Most comfortable and durable hoodie ever. Perfect for work as a vet tech
Super cute, is as described and follow the size guide! Haven't worn it in the water yet, but don't forsee any problems.
The color/design is great, first off. An eye catcher to be sure. It's thin so that makes it nice and convenient. Add to that the safety of RFID blocking, and this is the best wallet yet.
Love, love, love them. I don't usually like to buy clothes on line, but this was a very specific item I needed and did not want to search all over town so I took a chance and ordered them online, and thank fully I was not disappointed. Holly cow better than I was expecting. Thank you
Good Quality !! My son love it but size is Running little big but that's fine for me . Will buy again .
These socks are not only very cute but thick and warm. Fits wonderful for my 18 month old son. I am planning on buying this as a gift for my friend's baby. I definetly recommend this product
Got this for a work Christmas party and I love it. It fits well and is comfortable.
Perfect as a cover up for summer. Light material.
I am a size Small & this fit my mom that is a size L its too big !
These fit GREATTTT...my daughter was very tiny 6lbs and these fit a little big but didn't swallow her head whole. Great quality. All the nurses where in love with these hats
Brought a lot of laughs at the pool.
Loved them, they look so cute in my baby!!!