We order two different types of jewelry from this company the other jewelry we order is perfect. However with this jewelry I have a few things I don't like. The little Stone comes out of these and customers are complaining and bringing them back and we are having to put new jewelry in their holes. You cannot sterilize these in an autoclave as well because it heats up too much and the glue does not hold up so the second group of these that we used I did not sterilize them that way and the stones still came out. When I use a dermal clamp to put the top on the stones come out immediately. DO not waste your money on this particular product buy the three mm. that has the claws that hold the jewelry in those are perfect. So now I'm stuck with jewelry that I can't sell not good for business.
returned. very cheap looking.
The color is already fading
When I received the ring was missing some “diamonds” the opal was crooked, and looked smashed. Had to reorder it.
Way too small I will be returning these. They are more for an infant or a doll.
Ummm, no.....the ends of the rings are sharp, once you open the ring a little to put it in it's a major pain in the *** to squeeze it back closed, and the color on the colored ones is like a film of some sort that peels off (while I am wearing it!) if I wear it for more than about 24 hours (this was very embarrassing!). The one, and only one, plus for them is no skin reaction of any kind. Hence the 1 star. So again, NO....sorry, don't waste your time or money unless of course you like doing that sort of thing (NOT!).
Not 6mm in length which I ordered. To small.
I ordered these for my beach wedding. It is supposed to come with a PAIR, meaning two, one for each foot. When it arrived it had only one of the two in the package. I tried contacting the seller 2 weeks ago and still have not gotten a response.
Too right around the neck. Really for teens.
I was truly disappointed in the product, thought it would of held more ashes, and also broke a screw top when sealing it on one of them
The coloring came off all of the tongue rings! I have had my tongue pierced for about 15 years; with these tongue rings I chipped two teeth one very badly do not buy!!!
Never got it and they had to issue me a refund
I bought the dinosaur Onsie for a bar crawl that I'm going to and all of the girls that I'm going with got a dinosaur one, and they gave me the WRONG ONSIE!! I would return it but I don't have time to return it and get a Jew one before the crawl, so now I'm stuck with a unicorn one. I wouldn't recommend this item. >:(
The rose gold practically rubbed/wore off within the first 2 days of wearing it.
It's the perfect size for my ear and it's very shiny! The packing was good. Each earring is in its own baggie. Update - the jewels fell off and I found 2 in my ear. Glad they didn't get lodged more into my ear..
I recieved the wrong coin. It was for 4 years not 33. This was a commemorative coin for a special occasion. Now i have to apologize to that person for recieving the wrong coin.
These are fine for a photoshoot but definitely can't be worn even for a party. The wax molding doesn't even stick to the grillz
Was missing some of the earrings. Didn't get what I paid for.
I didn't like them, they were jagged around the edges where the moldy seem was and they were narrow and didn't sit right. I got what I paid for though, cheep junk
Product looks nothing like advertised photo. I would like to return them and get ones that have more color or just get my money back. Please ans thank you.
The cross fell off the necklace the 3rd day my son had it on.
Only had them for a few days and they are already tarnishing.
This is the second pair of studs I've gotten from this company and I really should have known better. They should include at least one extra earring back with every order. The backs themselves really are impossibly small and impossible to hold onto. Even the average sized fingers are too large to handle these backs. Within 5 minutes of opening the package and trying to put the earrings in, one of the backs is lost forever down my bathroom sink drain. Oh well......
My dearest friend lost her husband of only 9 years and I was very excited to be able to send her this gift. When she went to put it on the clasp broke. Very upsetting!!
I literally didn't even get to wear these for one day.... mid day one dropped and broke.
I bought and paid for this item but never received it. No explanation was given nor when I should expect it delivered.
I ordered 2 pairs of earrings and only received one pair. I received the moon stone but am missing the amethyst. :(
These are SUPER SMALL. Wish I didn't purchase them.
If you don't require the earrings to match, then this is perfect for you. I received two different earrings, they are completely unusable.
I ordered this product not even a month ago and the gold has worn off.
They sent the wrong size that I ordered
Extremely cheap- worth $1-2 max. I will not pitch from this seller again.
I ordered this ring after years of waiting to own a citrine that I would love. Shipping was way out and so they Ended up refunding my $$. I wasn't going to leave a review seeing as I got the ring for free at that point. However, a stone fell out the first time I put it on. So, even though it's free, now it's junk. Don't waste your $$.
If you constantly wear them, the plating will tarnish and the base metal will appear, you won't see it right away because it'll be the skin of your ear eating away at the plating. So please don't buy unless you plan on wasting some money. Also it is cheap and that should tell you what will happen.
Not ingraved waste of money
Do not purchase!!! Silver hoops broke during important event and the first time of wear. Poorly constructed product.
The flower fell off one of the earrings only after a week of my daughter wearing them.
I wore it a few times then one of the rings broke and I lost it. It was rose gold so now I can't fix it.
Cheap, the clasps peel within a week, and are not silver. I didn't wear anything with chemicals or get in chlorine.
very disappointed....tangled and very cheap looking
Bubblegum machine ring quality. One of the prongs was bent funny and blackened like it had fallen off and been reattached. Gross waste of money.
Balls didn't thread properly. Returning both sizes I purchased.
When I got the package it was missing several sets of earrings.
So super upset! I bought this and got 6 pairs of gold hoops. Not at all the style I ordered. I am super sad and would never order again for. This company
I think that it looks very cheap and I do not like it.
Envelope showed up empty
i never got to wear my bracelet cause the box it came in was not secure so the bracelet and top of the box it came in was rolling in the amazon box with all the merchandise and when i open the box it was broken all up i am so disappointed i would like a response to the bracelet i want another if you would like for me to sent the pieces back please send me correct info on how and i would like another bracelet send back to me please i spend a lot of money with this company and never had a problem before thank ms green
I never receive this item, I was told it was handed over to someone in my apartment but I never get to see it up till now,
I dislike it because it was TOO BIG FOR MY HEAD !
The rings look cute on but if you wear them for more than 30 minutes, your fingers will start to turn black underneath them.
Was never delivered!!! And no refund ! Robbed of my money ! Don't buy
Very disappointed! The stem broke from the bar within 6 days of wearing.
Ordered a 24 piece silicone plug set and received 5 pairs of stone saddle plugs instead:(
Fake, returning immediately
Broken and missing items received.... glad it was only 10.00 but guess get what you pay for
Stone fell out in the third day of wearing it!
earring kept opening up, would not stay on my ears
They were fake and plastic I was very disappointed
Sadly I never received it. Daughter really wanted it for Christmas. I've reordered it.
Looks much better in the picture than in reality, where it looks insubstantial and cheap!
It is CHEAP! It looks like an old toy charm. I was going to use it as a stocking stuff next winter's holiday, but would be too embarrassed to have it in there! Very poor quality and CHEAP looking.
Didn't work effectively, returned
I was immediately disappointed with the quality of this ring. It bent as I was removing the tag. It's pretty and it hasn't turned my finger green YET, but overall disappointing.
I was sent a completely different product , a belly button ring. This was after weeks of waiting for the correct product to come. Not happy with the shipper...:(
Not happy about this item... bought for my friend she loved it. Wore it twice and it broke already
Very light. Almost feels like children's play jewelry.
Not delivered when promised could be a up to a week late!
I can not use it. It is broken in the ring.
The colors are not the same and the bracelets are both black and very poorly made.
Disappointing...doesn't really work that great and the back of the device leaks ass over the wrist which leave greasy residue
The way you package this peice of jewelry was ridiculous. It wasn't placed in a box and by the time I received it the bracelet was bent. All other Alex and Ani I habe ever purchased has come in a nice bag places in a box.
TURNED MY ANKLE GREEN
It is cute but poor quality three of my stones fall out and it's not even a full month of wearing it
So not waste your money. These earrings don't look anything like they do on the model because they don't “hug” your ear on the bottom. Also, they slide out of your hole so you have to be careful and periodically check them.
They are cheap and dangerous to wear since the material that the post are made of chips off in the ear and caused an infection
Wore it for a week and now its making my hand swell and finger turn green.... i do not reccomend this product
These are very poor quality, they leave discoloration on fingers and are also rather small.
Cheap product . Fell apart
Don't waste your money such cheap product.
Very disappointed because I received all the earrings but none had the backing.
I wore these earrings four times for three hours each time (as part of a costume for a play) and they've broken already. I did not abuse them in any way - just clipped them to my ears. Do not waste your money - I wish I hadn't.
Very pretty, but they keep coming undone, I just took them off of her and got her a new set.
Never received item I ordered / instead sent a different one. When I wrote to company they had said so sorry but it had to do with warehouse, so I guess they couldn't care less.. been told to contact elsewhere So not happy
Awful. Impossible to get open.
Never received product. Marked as missing and was refunded. I really wanted this product. Wish I could say it was good.
No directions to know how to work it. Therefore, I lost out on getting my piercing done.
These are so big they just come off of my arm. Too big they must be made for a man.
My daughter loved the ring. She thought it was pretty and wore it all the time. It became sharp and cut her finger.
Worst clasp ever. Not able to put together. Wire is flimsy and has a hinge that moves in all directions. Have to get small flimsy wire into other side of the earring while trying to keep the wire intact and straight. Ears are sore. Just threw them away.
all the stones fall out after a few uses.
The leash sucks. It broke after only a couple uses. I just wanted to be choked. Thanks a lot Amazon.
I have not received this order
Package was delivered, however it was empty so I never got my product
Waaaaay too small for most necks
This is a piece of crap!!!!! Buyer beware
The chain is turning red after only a short while. I thought because it was black, there wouldn't be any problems. I need to stop wasting money and get at least 14k gold for my son.
I never received my order. Very disappointing!
The quality and material are not so good. Not worth the money.
I never received them
I was so excited to get this for my niece, but sadly, it was super dingy and definitely needed cleaning.
It's a beautiful bracelet but attention was not given to the engraving. There is an engraved slash over the letter p. I would love a replacement, but I'm going through the hassle of returning this!
The print is so small that you can't read it and the stones are cloudy. Very disappointed.
I did not like anything about this necklace. It is cheap.
The quality of these is very poor, much like you would find at a cheap dollar store and they smell horrible! I would not even keep them if they were free!
I left a good review and forgot I didn't get this and got it from Ebay cheaper
Really, really disappointed! Very cheaply made and not worth the money, nor are they even attractive.
So small it's about the size of my hand
They broke after only 1 wear
never received item, notified amazon they did nothing to take care of it. amazon service sucks
It shows as delivered and handed directly to a resident. Problem is...I am the only resident because wife is in the hospital. So now I wonder where my ring is and who was it handed directly to. Can I get an assist?
Never received them didnot received money back or the item
Very big and gaudy looking. Will not wear them.
Too small. Very heavy and bulky
I have been through two of these, and each time the too ball has screwed off and became lost. This is ridiculous and it is sad cause it is sooo cute. very disappointed
Broke within 2 days- not worth the money at all - cheaply made
It looks cool and genuine gold plated but it's too small. This thing could only fit a baby.
Looks tarnished, worn and old. will never buy fron this company.
Top ball broke everytime I tried to screw it into the rod
I ordered an R and got a B some of boxes had meanings that did not match initials example B instead of insert with meaning of initial it had because I love you??? Boxes had no tops like they were thrown inside.
Item not as described. I was sent a necklace where the top horizontal bar was hanging vertically so all the bars were vertical. Completely changed the style. Returned. Only highlight was a seamless return.
After two months of minimal wearing off these earrings they broke. Not happy with product at all.
A very cheap material the stick turn black, very light and they scratch very easily.
Very cheaply made. Had issues even getting them to go in my son's ears, but once in with in 24 hours his ears were extremely infected and that's even with me sterilizing them first. Not worth the waste of time.
You get what you pay for
I wasnt sure this is truly 100% pure copper throughout. My hand didnt actually turn green. The other layer is all shiny, while the inner layer looks copper. There's also a thin distinct line around the bracelet as if separating 2 layers of metals. Look at the inner layer in the pic, and how shiny the other layer is which doesnt look like copper at all. I used to have copper bracelets and nothing look like this. The whole piece was the same color or very close. Not this one. Such a distinct separation of layers.
I did not receive it . Big mistake ordering it
This necklace broke the second my friend tried to open the clasp. She was unable to clasp it and wear it due to poor craftsmanship.
I didn't get what I ordered. It was supposed to be a Ball white cubic zirconia in a infinity gold setting. Instead I got a fox.... This was a Christmas gift to an ADULT not a child... but it is cute for a child
Bracelet came unraveled couldn't even wear it
I I did not receive this item I made it now and I want a refund
The shell is dirty looking I only wore couple of times and the shell is broken! It is horrible. I am so annoyed because the review is good
It got lost in the mail. I was very disappointed because I got it for my baby girl.
I was so excited to get these and so disappointed when I opened the box. One of the dangles was broken. Ughh. (I did try on the one that isn't broken and it was a perfect fit and would have been super cute.). Likely won't be buying these again bc I'm afraid the next set won't last very long.
they are ok, I bought the wrong length, they are too short but the size of the ball is just want I was looking for.
They are heavy, they flipped 😏
The earrings were exactly what I was looking for. I wanted flower earrings That had a post/stud in the middle of the flower making them symmetrical. Unfortunately they broke after the second use. I was trying to remove the backing and the flower, front part of the earring, came off. There is no way to fix it.
I returned it the day it arrived. Very cheap.
Very cheap looking and quality is very cheap. Not wor H the price.
The earrings are not made well.. missing pieces.... also I thought that each earring would look alike viewing each ear... both were made the same from left to right...did not like this, had to redo each earring...so each earring would look the same from left to right on one ear and look the same from left to right on the other ear... no one had the sense to understand this?? Will not buy anything like these again... and I order 8 pair... had to adjust 3 so far!
I am not a picky person. This ring looks like it came from a bubble gum machine. Very disappointed.
I have no review because it never showed up!
Ring was beautiful! However after wearing it the second day a stone on the side came out. Disappointed.
Ridiculously huge, can't wear this without worrying I'll rip my navel. I'm 33 weeks pregnant and this will not work.
fell out of my ear the first time a wore them. these are not silver. very disappointed. Would return if I had not lost one.
Received couples bracelets instead of the necklace
They'd be great if I could get more than 1 of the 4 open. I was unable yo unscrew 3 of the 4 earnings and therefore couldn't use them
I ordered 7/16 and what I recieved was not true to size. They might as well be 00. They fall right out of my ear. I put back in my other pair I was previously wearing from other provider and like a glove. I am disappointed with this product and the false advertising
Did show up in the mail kinda miffed
It is so hard to get to a screen with options of why I'm trying to get a hold to someone
Don't waste your time these are way too small and cheap
Horrible “quality” this was bought less than a month ago!
I ordered this MONTHS ago. Still says “your order may be lost”...still haven't received it...still no response to my emails to the seller. Save your money and buy a similar product from a better seller.
The description said Sterling silver and fresh out of the box the color is changing. After everything I went through to get this thing shipped into the country I live, this is ridiculous. It was an overdue birthday gift to my sister. Smh very very annoying. What am I supposed to tell her after she got so amped up about it.
Ordered almost a month ago. Was told it would take less than a week to be delivered. Still haven't received it. Emailed the seller and still haven't gotten any word back from them.
Plating is coming off
They're actually very small bracelets. They're NOT anklets, double check the size!!!!!
This product was MUCH smaller than what was shown. I'm returning...no value
was not what i paid for...AT ALL
They arrived in packaging with absolutely no bubble wrap or anything to protect the earings. The earings were not attached to the earing holder card but the backs were on them which shows they just threw them in the package seperately. One of the earing backs arrived broken, it looks like it may have been broken before they even sent them. Poor quality and very bad presentation. I attached photos for reference on how they arrived exactly when i pulled everything out of the small packaging. Will definitely not repurchase from this seller again. Very disappointed.
The oyster came in a package with other items, was not vacuum sealed properly and leaked all over the box and my other items. Once opened it was moldy and smelled awful. We were gagging just opening the box, you can imagine how bad the oyster package was. Do not buy! The pearls inside were all tiny and misshapen, not a single round or oval... all were odd bumpy shapes.
The necklace looks exactly like the pic unfortunately it does not set well on the neck. I tried it on myself and my daughter but it would lay flat. It's a pity I had to return it coz I loved the way it looked.
It was painted blue!! They're Faux!
Clasp broke before I could get the necklace on. Never got to wear it.
Its light very light not titanium probably tin not laser etched engraved in black not what I expected bought another from Tungsten Jewelry its better
I bought this for my grandson it's a piece of crap it turned his neck green it tarnished within a couple months very disappointed and aggravated they spent money on a piece of crap
In the process of returning. The sizing is way off. Looks gorgeous but didn't fit.
I got this as a gift to my niece and it completely tarnished and the color started fading within a week. The necklace looks horrendous now and she's sad cause she loved it. Terrible buy and I won't be doing business with this company again.
Broken after just 6 weeks!!! Crap!
Tarnished very quickly. Daughter didn't even wear the necklace. Disappointed as this was a requested Christmas gift.
This is very cheap. The chains came tangled in their package and broke when I friend untangling them.
I searched the Box where the pocket book came in over and over and there is no necklace in that Box and says on my email that they both came together but there is no necklace!!!
The balls were missing from one
I didn't get what I paid for I paid for bracelets and I got keychains instead
Not real silver. After less than 2 months it has turned brassy and turns my finger green.
Bummed!!! Was so excited to buy this for my daughter's birthday and it arrived today with the ballerina broken off the pedal stool and the music stopped working after three times of testing it!! Not sure if I want to buy a different one somewhere else of have them replace it. So so bummed!!!
I really like the earrings but one of them won't snap and stay close so I'm returning them ...figures
It's the worst things I ever purchased. I'll never buy any jewelry from Amazon again. It's very descriptive to sell those things and call it jewelry.
I ordered this ring Aug 8 2019 for my birthday and still never received it! Amazon did refund but I would have preferred what I ordered.
Turned green after 2 days and turned my lip green. Not happy. The "rose gold" is painted on and comes off when you are wearing it
The vine broke off after less than a week of getting the earring. Not worth the money. It looks like the rod should scree back into the vine, but it doesnt. It looks pretty, but really not worth the money. Very disappointed. Wish i would have looked at reviews before purchasing.
Its not a real gold, and not 2kg as they said because mine turn black after first contact with water...
Never recieved forgot I ordered
Don't waste your money. Piece of crap...will be returning. Could but from crafty stir for 5 dollars less. Seriously returning
It broke as soon as i put it on. Ver flimsy. But it was cute.
Two of the pairs were great. One pair was the wrong size and didn't match each other, one was flat on both sides, the other was flat on one side and concave on the other. Won't order again.
Never received this necklace want a refund
Very cheaply made. I expected that with the price but it broke within an hour. Similar to a different product I purchased from this company.
This product said it was delivered on Nov. 9 to my place of work, be it has yet to be seen.
Only received one ring! Returning!
Upon wearing the bracelet it was a great bracelet. Exactly what I was looking for. Unfortunately, after a week of wearing the bracelet the beaded part broke as I was folding my arms across each other across my chest. I don't know if the one I got was faulty but not happy with the wasted money and only having a week to wear it.
Not made well I'd order a better made one next time
These are honestly the worst. What I thought would be threadless studs with two pieces that click into each other turned out to be two pieces that need to be screwed into each other. This was especially difficult since the jewelry was so small. I have already lost one as it fell out of my nose because it was impossible to screw it on tightly enough.
Got the package, but not the necklace! I paid $12.99 for a piece of plastic and a thank you card!
Ordered Prime for my daughters for Valentine's Day was supposed to be delivered by the end of the day the 14th didn't show up until the 15th and they wouldn't accept a return.
Please make sure u verify the size.The ring does run small and I messaged the seller twice about getting the correct size and they still have yet to respond...I will never shop with them again.
it was never delivered
Ordered Captain America shield earrings as a gift- They got "lost" in the mail, and after MULTIPLE emails, I was actually told they were no longer in stock but I could be sent a new set from the manufacturer. Finally received my order almost 3 weeks late (even though they only had to travel from CT to NY!!) which was a relief!!! but the earring posts were completely bent and therefore had to be straightened by hand and with pliers. Very disappointed with everything that happened.
Never receive got lost or damaged. Thanks
Only came with one when the item clearly says “set” so now this is useless for my event.
Did not come with instruction pamphlet like advertised & they did not communicate to replace it
Extremely difficult to put onto collar. If the spring on the back were just a little longer by about 1/4" on each side it would have been very easy to put on the collar since it would give you something to push against to open the spring. Having the spring on the back be the same length as the bar on the front it gives you nothing to push against. It would be a very easy fix to make it a useful product, as it is designed and made right now, it is worthless.
Broke before I got out of the package
A few beads literally fell off as I put the bracelets on. Grateful some beads remained & I'm able to still wear them.
One of the earrings was broken
Beautiful earrings. They don't make my ears hurt like so many others. However, they broke less than a week after the "return window" ended -- the pearl came apart from the post. Now they're useless.
These are smaller than I expected. They're about the size of an 8 year olds palm. I wanted about a medium size hoop and they're too small for me. I don't want them. I'd send them back if the company wasn't so far. It looks ridiculous. I have these small ass hoops on my regular sized teenage head. I hate it. If you're looking for small hoops, these are it.
This product is very cheaply made and arrived broken. Do not recomend
It's fine if you only want to wear it once or twice. Turned black about the 3rd time I wore it.
I never received the bracelet. And when I try to track it the tracking button is not there. I sent an email to the seller no reply as of today.
Don't buy... pulled it out of the bag the day I bought it and the pearl already came off one earring. Returning, it's cheap and not well put together
Broke after one wear. Very disappointed because I loved the necklace.
Cheap broke right away
Pieces of metal started to come undone on he top and cut me twice.... threw it away after a few days of wearing it.
This is a necklace that was wrapped around to look like a bracelet
Looks good but weight is too heavy n hurts when any pressure is applied.
This is the second time I received this ring. This is not the ring I ordered. This is not the description of the ring I ordered. I received this ring twice.
Does not look at all like photos. Substance like dried super glue covered it in splotches, not clear and rough texture.
Very tiny charms not what I expected! Not very good quality!
They did not work for my daughter. Not hard enough plastic to go through here belly ring hole. Pretty Small too!!
Try to bring it on a original Pandora Bracelet. It is not possible.
Bought it last month for a Mother's Day gift to my mom, and three weeks later the clasp breaks, not quality material for $70 bracelet when I could've spent $10 more at Pandora it's self. And I tried contacting the seller and got denied my return. Not authentic if the seller is not willing to replace the bracelet because the clasp should just break from wearing it.
Good thing the price was so cheap cause this was out of a bubblegum machine.... If you want more out of something don't take a chance ….pay the price.
The picture was very deceiving. This necklace did not wrap around my neck at all. Very disappointed. I guess the old saying is true you get what you pay for.
Looks nothing like picture, heart is very deformed.
I have not received them yet
Did not fit or mold correctly
Loved it but already tarnished
Not quite as advertised. Too long and hurt after a while.
Poor quality, understandable because of price but still. At least make them look a little better. I bought these for the purpose of shooting a video for my Channel but now have to delay it because these look so bad. The video would be terrible if I used this trash. Well, looks like my nephew can use them for Halloween.
If I could give no stars, I would. Product looks NOTHING like the picture and the size is close to a quarter dollar in circumference. Very disappointed. Not worth the postage to return.
This s.s. necklace kinked within 2weeks and within 30days popped at the clasp. Cheaply made. Will never buy again
they are to thick for my noise..
I thought they would be larger than they are. I would not have purchased them if I had known they were small.
Chain was already tarnished. And not true to size.
Poor fit, the appropriate size did not fit and was way loose fitting. Said correct size in packaging, but was at least two sizes larger
It broke already cross is nice but chain broke
Cheap looking, HUGE, and totally not worth it.
Not sterling silver! I was upset when I put them on and layed down for a nap the ends bended I had to get someone to help me unbend the back to take it off
These looks cute but are made very poorly. They arrived with the posts very loose and they quickly came apart. I tried to fix them myself which worked for one wear. Now they are broken again with no way to repair. Do not buy. Terrible quality.
Still have not received it
Never got to even put it on the top part does not screw at all just comes right off
what I liked least of this product? it never arrived. I send a massage to the seller over a week ago, no response to date.
Flimsy, printed side won't stay facing front. Too lightweight to hang properly. I wouldn't recommend buying them.
they were very thin and broke in a matter of day
I didn't even get the item since I ordered it two months ago. I even re -scheduled a trip to visit my grandkids waiting for the delivery that never came...
I would suggest making the posts much thinner
Broke within a week, other set I bought I am still wearing and love them
If I could give it 0 stars I would. The shipper should have places the item in a box and not a package, they were broken when I received them. The backing were bent on one and completely broken on the other earring. You are better off just looking at the photo than buying damaged products.
QUALITY: Dainty is an understatement. It should be renamed to "Baby's First Cross" or "Children's Jewelry". The cross itself is SUPER thin and the back is left hollow, not filled in, resulting in almost no weight. I was originally under the impression that the back would be filled in, especially with this much detail put into Jesus and floral designs. The bail used on the cross is more substantial than the rest of the cross in terms of thickness and weight. There's cardboard thicker than this cross. It appears that it will get bent easily. I worry that the bail will snap the pendant-loop because the loop is severely thin. Use caution on this fragile piece. AUTHENTICITY: No 10k gold stamp found. No certification cards included in the shipment. I will bring this piece to a jeweler to verify.... Otherwise, this cross only reminds me of costume jewelry. DELIVERY: Arrived fast! However, shipping label does say Claddagh Gold and there are instructions to leave it if no response, making it an easy target for someone to steal it!!!! Luckily, the carrier put it in the mailbox, but the label saying the shipper's name does not help. In past experience, things worth of value require signatures. PRICE: Not worth $50. I bought 2 (one for me, one for daughter) so I feel doubly cheated. -Angela
I ordered this ring in a size 6. Its atleast 1 size to big. I knew the reviews were to good to be true, but for 15 bucks I thought id give it a shot. The ring looks like gaudy costume jewlery. Very obviously cz. No way this would pass for real diamonds. The profile is much higher than shown in the photos. Dont waste your time on this item. Youd have to have very large hands for this ring to sit right on your hand.
Poor quality. Arrived broken
Received the wrong one. Not the one on picture.
All the gold washed off in 2 days and it gave me a rash around each finger. They were cute for a day but not worth the week of irritated skin.
It broke in the first five seconds...
No longer wanted this product and sent it back, never got my money back. I would not recommend buying much from amazon. They don't give your money back.
The metal is not a white silver like the picture at all. It's very dull and cheap looking compared to other pins I've ordered on Amazon.
Necklace arrived broken. It is super thin. Inexpensive but thin like ones you receive with pendants. It's not worth $7. It would have worked fine if it arrived in tact. Poor quality control.
I wanted to love these but the ball was way bigger than I hoped. They looked ackward
They are really junk they look terrible they are so small they are rough they're not shiny the cords are just plain old string no I take that back there not even as sick as string they are thread-like you would so something very thin tangle easily junk sent them back.
Very cheap looking. Chain is attached to Pineapple unevenly. Looks like it will break.
Pretty ring. Ordered one for my niece and the diamonds fell out in less than a month. Ordered a second one and diamonds fell out in less than a week.
Turned my ears black after a few hours of use
Super cute, but chain broke within 3 hours of wearing it.
Never received this item and even requested another and haven't gotten that either
The small (v-like) Tip Pin on the spring bar tool arrived damaged.
Looks nice but broke within the first 10 minutes of wearing... POS
A waste of time, the rings wasn't the correct size they claimed, super small and with the balls don't even come off....I'm so mad I will never buy another damn thing from this website it always something.
They have a set of like 12 exclusively black crystals exactly like this one for the same price as one of them, didn't find it till way later, just type in black crystals and youll see it in there.
Picture is deceiving... actual product is very cheap! I didn't wear it.... waste of money!
great photo, cheap in person
Broke within one months time and I almost lost the charm that was on it.
Not sterling silver. I had a skin reaction to this in a very short time wearing it. I only Wear sterling silver or white gold. Poor quality
Got stuck and I had to push it through the rest of the way.
Broke first time I wore it! Cheap quality
Could not get them apart no matter how hard we tried. Therefore have never been used. They should have come with plastic separating the two pieces, but are instead permanently stuck together. Total waste of money.
These earring were extremely small. About 1/2 the size pictured. Requesting a refund. Also, had to get Amazon involved to receive my refund. It was a complete pain. Would not recommend at all!
I got this as a birthday present for my best. I was extremely excited to give to her, she didn't wear until a couple days later and the necklace and bracelet completely fell apart. Chain broke and gem unglued from the base of the necklace. So far the earrings are still intacted for now. This product was definitely made cheap. It honestly should cost $2 for it all.
Horrible, if there was a way to put negative stars that would be what I'd have chosen, after wearing for a few days I lost 2 stones, then taking out the rest 3 more stones fell out
I was looking for something just to wear, cheap, simple yet real...it is not real gold, it appears to look as if it was dipped in a gold paint of some sort. One of the rings looked as if it was tarnished. However, it is cheaper than something I would buy at a retail store so I am keeping them just to wear. You get what you paid for!
Broke after wearing it for one day
It seems very nice but it is nothing as described. Too small.
I ended up returning the merchandise. They are very sharp on the edges and so uncomfortable to wear.
Are you kidding me? These were so hard to put on I tried to do it in the mirror it was almost impossible and the cheap plastic stems I was worried I'd break them! I could not see myself wearing these everyday such a hassle! Spent forever trying and my mom had to help! I hope you guys have a boyfriend or husband around because these are impossible!! No instructions either I was like what are these like guages? Had to look on here! Not buying again.
This was so cute, yet small and in less than 2 days of wearing it tarnished to a rust color. Waste of money, I tossed in garbage.
Ordered gunmetal, but received black. That, or the pictures of gunmetal are not accurate. The hassle of returning this for what it cost isn't worth the trouble.
Too small... great for a child though
This item is not worth the money, I tried to cancel but it wouldnt let me. Its lost its shine and change color on me. It's been in my nose for 5 days and my nose is sore and red. Although, the timing was good with the delivery date, but I'm not a happy camper at all. I wouldnt reccomend it or repurchase it.
it is really cheap, the opal came out from the first week. I would not waste my monies on this if i can give 0 review i will
Got this for my daughter and was very disappointed with my purchase. The center piece looked nothing like a pearl, shape wise! It looked very weirdly shaped.
I expected more while buying it.it looks cheap and in my opinion totally not worth that kind of money.i don't recommend it.
Every time I move it pulls the hair on my arms and I am not a hairy person. I can't wear it and can't return it. :-(
They cancelled the order on me so I never got them :(
These are nothing but jump rings with a bead ball. Once you open the ring, you lose the round shape along with the alignment to the ball. After multiple attempts just to get it through my piercing, I couldn't get it to align and close again. I didn't bother trying the second one so you can see the difference in before and after opening. I'm returning them because they are worthless as earrings now.
Ordered by mistake. Tried to cancel order within 2 hours with no success. Now I can't return it either!!
I purchased this ring in June 2019 and returned because I ordered a half size to big. The return was easy and the replacement looked great and felt nice. This evening, getting out of the shower, I shook my hand and the ring fell off my finger into the tub. When I picked up the ring, there was a ship in the ring, the shape of a " V ". My bathtub chipped this "tungsten" ring. I am unable to find a link to return this ring for a replacement. So much for durability.
I can't find how to contact you. I did not receive my order. It says it was delivered but I did not get it. Heather
I got these for my god daughter for her First Communion. She wore them once and the pearl fell off.
Never received the item. Contacted seller twice with no response.
Product was never delivered. I was very disappointed.
Got this for my husband, thought it would be a great gift that would last. I was wrong. The letters rubbed off within a few weeks. Not worth it.
This would be a pretty necklace, but the design is poor. There is space between with the rings, and the chains are stuck in those rings and so tight I cannot get it untangled. Frustrated because I read the reviews prior to purchase, and now I have to return it.
Horrible product, as soon as I put it on my wrist the cheaply made braclet shattered! I would not recommend this to anyone!!!
Worked great at first and then after about a week they are so stretched out they are loose again. Don't waste your money, great idea, terrible quality.
My daughter loved them but one broke.
Completely unsatisfied no reason for it you are representing amazon.com and I happened to be a prime member. And this is unacceptable its vendors like you who will ultimately make me cancel my subscription and quit ordering from Amazon altogether
Smelled really bad mold! I had to wash them before use.
Broken when received
Ring is nice, however, I ordered a sz 8 and it fits like a sz 6. Didn't cost enough to send it back.
Sharp and not comfortable
They suck. Have turned a copper color.
I'm so sad and disappointed. I ordered this for my friend who was just diagnosed with Breast Cancer and I was so excited to see this in my mail. But when I opened it was all wet and falling apart. I can't give this to her at all.
As soon as I tried to put it on it broke. I was just trying to unscrew it to put it on the bracelet broke so I threw it away. Really cheap product so that's what I get for trying to cheap it out.
I ordered these for a specific event in enough time to get them in the 3-5 business days stated on “Prime”. Of course they didn't arrive when expected and were delayed a week. For some reason i was asked to give a review before I even received them. No idea what the product looks like and I don't care because I'm returning them immediately. Do not order from this seller.
They were a lot to wide for my ear
I never received this product
I think this is poorly presented in the pic.
These earring backs were way too long for infants. Also the actual rose protrudes really far out from the ear lobe, making it a target for pulling, or catching on shirts etc. Would NOT recommend, or buy again.
This jewelry looks very very cheap.
My item was sent to the wrong house 👎🏼
Lobster claw clasp is weak. Lost it the 1st day I wore it. Extremely upset.
Looks nothing like the photo and it arrived broken.
I purchased the two pack and only received one bracelet
It turned color on my mom She wore it all the time but unfortunately a medical bracelet you need to wear on time so it should not change color
Super cute! Loved it until I noticed that the casing around the purple rock was coming apart straight out of the package. SAD!
The string broke on the first day of wearing it.
No!!! I paid for 2 day shopping a d didnt get my package on time!
Ordered three Alex and Ani bracelets as separate Mother's Day gifts and seller sent only one gift box in the package.
The bar length is extremely short! It is definitely not 8mm because the metal ones I ordered in the same size fit fine. These suck the gem inside of my lip and caused them to swell. Not good quality
This is the second one I ordered, I loved the first one which turned back after a few months. So I ordered another one and this one did exactly the same thing but even quicker.
Very flimsy and virtually impossible to close.
This took over a month to get.
2 pairs were missing backs
I never received the charm.
watch this seller they don't ship the correct items...….. Very upset purchased this Cross and they shipped pineapple earrings instead, and the cross was my new wife's wedding present that now she wont get......
I actually bought these for myself because I wanted tiny studs. After TWO days of wearing them, my ears were in pain and infected. This only happens if/when I wear jewelry that is not gold or silver. Do not buy these for your babies!
Too short for a man.
Bought these earrings 5 weeks ago- Wear them solely on the weekends and a diamond has fallen off already so now I have no use for them
Cheap!!! Necklace snapped very easily
These were very thin, bent easily. Made my nose ring hole inflamed and swollen. Returned product and have yet to receive my refund. Cannot find how to contact the company about the refund.
Not worth the price, broke on first use
Several in the package were already broke
Awful sizing. It wouldn't even fit around a 2 year old's neck at that. Returned and do NOT buy!
They come a lot bigger than the size charts. I ordered them for my friend in the size she normally gets and they were way too big and didnt fit.
Didn't get the product
I have ordered this ring twice and still haven't received it!! I order in here way too much to get service like that. Please find both rings I've paid for and send them!
Broke way to fast and easy
Much smaller than pictured. Do not care for this small pierce . Will be returning.
It broke immediately
If you are ordering for a special event and it doesn't match, you are not able to return. It says in the description that you can return, but that is a lie.
both necklaces were the same
EMPTY PACKAGE ARRIVED
Would not recommend now
I have not gotten it and I'm very upset I needed to protect my mothers ring she gave me
Turned black within 2days of having it
The item was marked as shipped by the seller but they never actually mailed it and didn't respond to my customer service inquiries.
It's too short for my nose, it does not go all the way through
I don't like giving negative reviews, however, these are very cheap. They look cheap and feel cheap. If they were a little better quality, they would be very cute.
Rose Gold paint comes off fast!
This bracelet appears very nice at first but tarnished quickly turning my wife's wrist green!
I kept reading how nicely packaged the bracelets were and was very disappointed when I received mine. All bracelet in one envelope and they are very small. Would be hard to fit in an average wrist.
I still have not received the product.
I didn't receive it. Please refund or send it to me.
changed color after 1 wear
The package came but the earings were not in the package
This thing was easily one of the most abysmal things I've ever purchased. I've had things not work out, and I've had things be less than expected, but this bracelet. One of the chains had already come undone in transit and was nearly detached completely by the time I got it. The page advertises a buckle closure to make it adjustable, this is a flat out lie as the bracelet comes with snap buttons. Surprisingly it managed to fit quite comfortably around my wrist, but when I went to remove it the snap sheared away so the bracelet was essentially one use. Really the only good thing that came from this purchase is the fact that I can hold the bracelet in my hands, take measurements, look at the details, and just make my own. I have better leather and there's a Hobby Lobby down the street. I can pay for less for the hardware I need and probably make three of these for what I get.
Too loose. They are constantly opened until 1 went missing.
The bracelet was horrible
The earrings post is to thick. Uncomfortable to wear..
Completely sucked. Never received. Will never order from you again.
It's a cute ring but in my opinion it's not a toe ring, it's too big to be a toe ring.. it's huge on my toe and when I made it smaller you couldn't see the arrow or the feathers on the other end ☹️
I still haven't received this and it has been a few months now
Wish I could give it negative stars. Ordered one, no chain and no tree. Sent back for a replacement and got a chain but still no tree. Look elsewhere, this seller and product is a complete joke.
The middle pendant stone was loose in the box when it arrived, this was planned as a gift. Not, oh I'm sorry this one is defective...
I received an empty box with NO earrings
First time taking off the stud broke off the back of the earring. Being new to the Jewelry world I should have done more research first. I would have found these aren't authentic Tiffany earrings.
Said would be here a month and a half after I order. Never arrived
The ring broke within 2 days of receiving it.
I never received this item. Told me it was delivered. Never showed up.
The middle part of pendant broke off after first wear.
I reordered this item because when I gave it to my grandson and he put it on it completely broke apart. We were outside at the time and the beads fell all over the ground and it would have been ridiculous to try and find all the pieces So I do not have it to send back. I do not expect to be charged yet again for the reordered item. It is a very cheaply made item. I would have preferred to not reordered it but my grandson was very upset when it just fell apart Again I have no intention of being charged again on July 2 since the beads have fallen all over the yard Maria Lane
Feel apart after wearing it for less than 1 hour in my house. And the clasp has sharp metal sticking out. Waste of money!
Never got it :( they stole my money
The first time I took my bracelet off the clasp broke and beads went everywhere.
Had it for one day and one of the stones fell out.
I should have checked the dimensions of this thing before purchasing. I just figured that for the price, it would be a decent size. Not sure if this was made in Korea and was shipped to America to sell, which would explain the price, but I don't believe that would be the case. The photo is deceiving. While beautiful, this thing is the size of a size 8 shoe...and I'm being generous. Also, the latch is flimsy and cheap looking. I was very sad when I saw it because my mom is korean, and I wanted to buy her a beautiful gift that will remind her of her country, but the size and the price of this thing ruined it for me.
Color says dark blue which is why I order. They are actually pale green. Trying to return. So far not successful.
Door came unhinged after opening it once. The mirror itself came dinged up and it smells terrible. The mirror feels extremely heavy for the tiny chain holding it up on the back. Will be contacting seller for full refund.
Was assured would be here by the 15th and here it is the 16th and not here. Only reason I ordered was to have it when I celebrate Christmas with my son on the 16th. Thanks!!!!
Extremely fragile broke first 2 minutes of wearing it and I'm pretty petite
I've ordered this item 3 times in the last 3 months. They break time and time again after only wearing them a short period of time. Disappointed.
Hated this product. Looked cheap.
Spring clip is too weak, jewelry is easily lost. disappointed
I did not receive this
Never received this item
Horrible they turn black after one use
Received today, was not the one that I ordered...my next purchase, will be at a store that carries them, and buy., not what supplier picks.
I didnt even have this for one day before it broke. I put it on my wrist and it popped immediately I have a tiny wrist!!!! Dont buy this garbage the beads are all over my bathroom floor I wish I could sent back the loose beads and get my money back
Came without diamond. Wasn't worth sending back.
This ring is lovely but it lost it's color on the bank within two weeks.
Elastic broke after wearing it 2 times. Very cheaply made
I bought two sets of them and one set came with the middle diamonds being clear and smaller.
These earrings were a very cute idea... unfortunately, they are not connected to the base well. One 🐝 broke off the first night I wore them! Very disappointed.
I just received these today and they arrived broken! Not a good look! Will be returning tomorrow.
Item was never delivered
I've been waiting on my package and never got it
I Loved this bracelet the 1st time I bought it. I was really upset when I discovered that I left it behind on our vacation. Immediately ordered a new one. Omg! What happened here? This "thing" looks like it came from a gumball machine, and it Smells! So Disappointed!!!
It never even came 🤦‍♀️
Blue stone somehow came loose and I lost it. I would not recommend this.
DO NOT BUY!!! I WAS SENT AN EMPTY BOX!!!
Chain broke after only a few times wearing it
You get what you paid for and if you order US Flag lapels made in China, you risk quality...these are closer to ORANGE white and blue
I never recieved my product
It was very cheap looking and to big it was returned
Only came with one ring
Broke within a week don't buy!!!
Way larger than imagined(US quarter size per earring) and the gold looks really fake
You did not send me this I got a heart necklace instead of this which I never purchased 😡
I never got my product.
Its a nice necklace looks a little cheap and was broken when i finally received it
When I got this order only received one earring how about that?
These are very cute and I was excited when I received them. Within 24 hours of the purchase two of the three anklets broke. The third is on my wrist because it did not even fit my ankle. This was a waste of money for me personally and I would not recommend it.
Breaks so easily! Not worth it.
Package arrived today, but no product was in the package.
Disappointed since the first time I wore them, stones fell out of each side (multiple on one side & one on the other). Therefore, a complete waste of money! Don't buy
I have not received this order yet!!
This necklace is too small for anyone except tiny people!
These were pretty worthless. They would not stay adhered to teeth. Save your money.
I did not receive what is shown in the picture. I double checked for a scroll option of different styles, in case I misunderstood the purchase. However, this dreamcatcher is what I wanted, I clicked add to cart, bought it, and received this pearl-and-fake-diamond piece in my submitted picture.
too big and looks very cheap walmart hoops look better.
I had never got my stuff
First one was smoth and nice. This one is rough and bumpy. Hit and miss I guess.
These were not the quality I expected from Silpada, disappointing.
It looks good if you just want it for a costume or something but it is very cheap. The chain wouldn't stay on the actual necklace because the link was not fully closed and it kept falling off so I could not ever wear it. You can buy this quality for a dollar on eBay.
Did not think the head was very well made. Very disappointed with this item.
It broke after 2 months
The headline says it all.
I thought I was getting 100% Sterling silver did not get that The bracelet turned Brown and turned my wrist green I would not recommend Buying again
I just opened my package and the bracelet is completely broken. Now i have to send it back smh.
They claim it's real sterling silver, but it isn't, it's some other metal. Avoid!
Outside of Box was ruined by the blue tape that was used, the inside foam was crumpled and didn't fit in the box the right way, and all of the chains that were to come with it were broken into pieces
Horrible, the little cross fell off the black part of the big cross in less than a day... my nephew was so upset
wrong chain wanted steely silver not must will stones .
I bought them for my sister and I did not open the package once I got it. Recently, she told me that it was rusted and looks used item once she opened the package. She did not tell me immediately since she did not want to let me feel bad about it. Very frustrated!
What an absolute waste of $8. I understand "you get what you paid for" in terms of quality, but given this company does business through Amazon, I expected MUCH better than the crap I received. I threw out 8 of the 12 pairs as completely worthless. I'm not even sure the 4 I kept will survive more than one wearing. Never again. And Amazon, you ought to be ashamed for attaching your name to such a load of manure. If I can't trust you with 'fashion' jewelry, what makes you think I'd ever trust you for the REAL???
I loved it, but it broke right away!
I only tried one pair of these, but they immediately fell apart when I opened them to try them on. It may have just been a lemon, but the quality doesn't seem to be there.
Extremely difficult to get the balls on the hoops and haven't been able to wear them due to it.
The picture eventually falled off and now we got an Alex and Ani bracelet with no charm
Instead of pearls I received a pack of 200 hot cinnamon toothpicks. I needed the pearls for wedding pictures. Too late now. Very angry. Won't waste my energy returning this.
Poor quality And difficult to fasten correctly
Wasn't as I expected. Wasted my money.
Sit way too high above my nose looks terrible
Will not close. I brought these earrings for my daughter and they will not clasp.
Why is this order bit eligible for return?
So small it would barely fit my 9 year old niece's hand - not even close to fitting a woman's wrist or even going over two fingers!!!
Did not come with the ear hooks,
Nothing like the picture very short
Beautiful necklace but when you project on the wall the writing is backwards. Disappointed.
One broke as I took it out of the package. Glue held it in place. Sadly returning. The combs were not constructed with a more than one-time use I fear.
Mine won't close/stay closed. Don't waste your money.
I was sent 6 all to getter not 6 pairs
These are just rocks. Head to a real crystal and stone store instead of purchasing this one.
Star came off the first day I put it on.
Never showed up, even though tracking said it had been delivered. Frustrating
These stud heads are way too small. I can't turn them to make sure they're tight and they go right through my piercing hole which is pointless for the piercing since I'm too worried it'll keep going through.
Not stainless steel, change in less than a week
When it was delivered, it was in a tiny box and it was in knots and the clasp was broken. I fixed the clasp and detangled the necklace. Wore it once and hung it up, only to find it tarnished by the next day. It has a cute look. I wasn't looking for super great quality, but it could have at least lasted more than 1 wear.
Cheap, two broke without ever been worn
Loved the colors BUT EVERY PLUG BUT 1 had air holes and cracks in acrylic very annoying because you can tell love the look love the idea but you need to have more people checking on your product before sending
This necklace is pure trash I had 3 rhinestone missing when I opened the package plus the part that dangle was somehow put on backwards so it's basically falling apart and defective... I'm beyond pissed. That was a couple dollars I could've kept in my pocket.
One is totally bigger then other. I will be returning! But if not for that nice. I would expect them to be of different sizes as they are nicely hand carved. My pair the difference was too much,lol!
When I got them one was broke , I wrote the company , they sent me a new pair after about a month . the stone was missing , I gave up
I would love to review this item, but sadly it has not arrived yet. Even though I ordered through Prime a week before Christmas, it will not arrive until after Christmas. My son will have to give his mom a picture of this present instead of the actual gift itself. Thanks Amazon.
Cheap in quality. Very dissatisfied.
product came on time was very excited and looking forward to it and using them for an event opened the box didn't even take them out had the gears on one of them were rolling around the box
Very, very cheap. I tried it on and the necklace broke. I can't even return it now!
Fell apart when I was wearing it...
Did not receive item in order. All other items were received
It broke off in my ear two days later
HAVEN'T RECEIVED IT YET!!!!
I never receved this order!!!!
Little stones fell off within a month. The clasp broke easily a week later. Thought Swarovski guaranteed their products for a year or more. Guess not Amazon said return replace window expired a month later. So I guess no warranty past one month
Terrible product, bad quality, highly dont recommend.
Great price, but bracelet broke taking it off after only wearing it twice! It was a gift.
They didn't fit in my spider bite piercings.
Too small and cheap. SHARP EDGES.
These are absolutely not 20G. They are incredibly tiny and cheap feeling. Spend a few extra bucks and just buy yourself a couple really nice true to size rings.
Very dissatisfied. Ordered the white and received the silver. Requested a replacement and received another silver.
I ordered silver and it came rose gold. My daughter was waiting for this necklace because she lost hers and was very upset. We kept it even though it was the wrong one.
Cute but not practical. These will fall out of your nose at the slightest bump or rub against anything.
It broke as soon as I put it on. Super disappointed
Wow!! Advertised as 14k gold and tarnished almost immediately!! What true gold does that??? I returned it and will never trust again! Booo!!!
The ring is very small
I ordered these earrings a few days ago and it says it was delivered, but I received an empty package. I don't know how else to contact the seller to let them know but I am very upset.
Total trash do not buy size is way small....return cost more then item ...why they can send you what ever they want...DONT BUY
broke and came apart first time wearing
I need to know how to unhook the chain were it clasps together...there is a pin in the center that doesn't move it's connected to were the chain unhooks
These earrings immediately irritated my ears - infected and sore. I cannot wear these. They are also heavier than expected.
These are NOT silver - they are badly painted like a goldish hue. The hooks were put on backwards, the the backs are facing out when you put them on. When I put them on they covered my fingers and ear in this black soot!!! Turned my earhole black as well. I wiped them with a cloth and it just kept coming off black!!! Don't waste your time & money!!! I'm returning them. This vendor should NOT be selling these
I have other hoops this size and the way the closure is, it pinches your skin and they are hard to put on. I don't like the closure.
Would've loved the product but it arrived broken and to late to reorder. I did get the cost the item returned.
I bought these nose studs and didn't get a chance to wear them until after the return window closed as I had a hoop that was difficult to remove. Once I put it in it looked lovely but after i removed it two days later with nothing more than general bathing/face washing (no swimming) the entire nose ring from the stud down was tarnished to a dark brown. Disappointed as I thought they were made of stainless steel.
too bad I can't give a zero arrived broken and poorly made after 19 emails they finally sent a replacement that is somewhere in the wind would never buy again and certainly would not embarrass myself by gifting not like the picture doesn't lay well on the list
It tarnished very quick
Requested for a new one cuz they were broken, they sent a new one THAT IS BROKEN as well =_=
These nose rings are nothing similar to the picture. They look like rusty copper, not rose gold. What did I expect for $10. They are so tiny they are almost hard to pick up. I dont know whos out there measuring mm but I was shocked by how small they actually are. Guess I need to learn more about mm's. If you would like a nearly invisible nose ring, these are for you. If not, dont buy it. I would have returned them but while trying to look at it, I dropped it down the sink :(
Package lost in mail and seller won't respond to request for refund. Once I receive a response and credit issue I will update review.
This was not the right size I ask for 22G I got 1.5 this is not right.it is do small I could nearly see it.
Very cute but way too heavy on the ears. They made my ears droop so I had to return.
Not sterling. Turned in a few hours. Very disappointed.
First impression upon opening was that it was a lot thicker than I had expected and that the hinge was very loose and jiggly. The horseshoe magnetic clasp was easy to open but extremely awkward to fasten with one hand. Also the magnetic closure was not a strong enough magnet. It felt like at any moment if I moved my hand too much the magnetic closure would just pop open up. The fit of the bracelet was also much too big. Overall I found this bracelet's quality to be extremely poor and was very disappointed. This piece was returned.
the ring is too thick and uncomfortable
Very dull silver not quality stainless steel
I ordered and paid for a 16 inch and received a 12 inch
It's cute and dainty but it already broke. :(
Mine just arrived, but the stems seem like they are placed on the skulls at a high angle which will not allow for the skulls to sit on earlobe properly. Anyone else have this issue ? There is no option to contact the seller. The skulls look amazing and just right size, but need to get these stems worked on.
Don't buy it. The needles are so tiny. The jewelry didn't fit for transition into the nose. A royal pain in the a**.
I was sent earring instead of the necklace I ordered.
You have to receive it to rate it!!!
Cute but top came off the first day
These were so big they wouldn't stay on my head.
Pretty and good fit but literally turned to silver within a week or 2. It's cheap and is cute for the money just know it won't be rose gold for long
I never received this!
It faded fast! I had a large order of 25 bracelets and in a month the client called me telling me that the silver was fading! I had to recall them. Silver 925 should not fade so fast. As I have already passed the return period, I can not return them. It was a very unpleasant and expensive experience, without mentioning the shame with the client! Worst of all, I had another order of my bracelet and I reordered this product again before the first customer called me to warn me about this problem. As soon they get here I am going to return them!
Chain is way longer than pictured making it difficult to adjust on finger... Already lost one ring because it will slip off
bracelet was broken when it arrived
It only lasted about 2 weeks before the post broke off the earring completely. I knew it was going to happen eventually, as it was delivered with the post already bent at a 45 degree angle and I had to bend it back, at which point I noticed the post was VERY brittle. So if you need this last minute for a cosplay at a con, its great. But don't expect to be able to wear it as a daily.
These brooches are not ideal for making an all brooch bouquet. They maybe ideal to adhere to flowers for a combination bouquet as I did.
Necklace attractive but was too tight, may be smaller than 16"
The bracelet broke the third time I wore it.
They were great while they lasted. The needle broke off one of them after only the third time wearing them
These are REALLY cool, they just don't fit well. I buy the same size everywhere, but these fall out. Kinda bummed.
I like the bracelet very much however it broke after only a couple of weeks.
Very cute earrings, but entirely too heavy. The weighed down my entire ear lobe and were super big. Had to send them back for a refund.
As I was taking these out of the package, one of the threader ends fell off! Poor quality
The necklace design is great for everyday wear and my mom absolutely loved it but my moms necklace broke and came apart within 4 days of wearing it. Since it's so lightweight she didn't realize it until it was too late and couldn't find the charm.
One of the bands broke shortly after wearing it, other than that it seemed nice to wear.
Some runes were missing, others were duplicated. The gold paint was all over the stones.
Seller kept in touch. Product was good. Received wrong size. Sent can to seller(not Amazon) ( mistake) , never received refund:(
My main issue with this set is that the tunnels themselves have sharp backs, which makes pushing them through when going up in size painful. I've decided that I won't be using these to get to the size I want.
Way too damn long to ship, over two months after I forgot about out.
Pretty chain but mine broke very easily
The bottom of the ring was all bent. It was okay - not in as pristine a condition I would have expected...
Lost a some within a few days.
After wearing my bracelet 3 times the green stone chipped and now it's white underneath painted not real stone. Disappointed with this purchase
It s a very bad product
I wore it once and the clasp came apart. I had to fix it with needle nose pliers. Made cheap, you get what you pay for.
although it locks will come lose without key
The bar is way too long. The bar on one of them was bent. Overall very cheap quality.
The pendant is very small that you cannot see the inscription o it
cute but smaller than I wanted...
Too small for a man, and was tight for a womans small wrist. Beads were smaller than indicated in the photo. Still waiting for my refund.
Green after first wear.
Nice size but does not stay clamped, I have to keep squeezing the clasp.
Felt cheep but looked nice. Only lasted 3 months.. The inner fell out. Alos the "wood" inner is really plastic.
The chain is beautiful, but the first time I tried to put it on, it broke.
To big had to return
Cute, but the flower broke off easily
Just OK, kind of disappointed. The Hermès Imprinting on the back of the bangle is not present or shown, and The paint comes on to the metal a bit. I'm not pleased as mine was a poorer quality more cheaply done bracelet. There were also minor indentions and scratches present when taken from the bag. There are a few other brands on here which make higher quality ones, I would recommend purchasing from them instead.
Too tall for my lip and my friend's as well. Just spun downward and hung there
These studs look terrific while you are wearing them. They catch light brilliantly making each stone sparkle, and.... "Shine Bright Like A Diamond". However I've worn only 2 pairs thus far, and on both occasions while removing them from my earlobes one of the settings in each pair bent then snapped off.
Not as pretty as pictured PLUS one earring came apart just removing it from the package.
As soon as my Mom's ashes were out in it we screwed the top back on and the screw part broke! I had to cement it together and now I'm afraid to wear it. It's a beautiful cross but the screw part broke.
I love the product but the chain was missing. I really want the chain. I don't want the inconvenience of shipping back
Is small. The chains are not like the photo
Not like advertised, it's totally different. I'm not satisfied
It was very cute until the diamond fell out...right in the middle. Now it looks like a gap-toothed smile. So bummed!
Gave it two stars because they are pretty but they won't stay closed and fall off frequently.
These break really wasy
I bought this as a gift for my ex because we're just alike in regards to not being materialistic and buying expensive things. I also purchased this because it was her birthstone and it was given to her on her birthday. She loved it, she was so excited to wear it ..... that is until the stone fell out after about two weeks or so.
Thankfully I purchased two pairs of these. Unfortunately the drop is heavy and the first time I wore them all I did was keep having to pull them back through my ear. I lost one earring because I didn't catch it soon enough I guess. That makes me mad because now I do not have 2 full sets of earrings. One I had intended to give away. I've had to purchase clear silicone backs to ensure the earrings don't fall off. Pretty but be careful. VERY easy to lose.
Clasp came lose from chain immediately. Couldn't find a way to repair satisfactorily.
Opened the box and in less than 8 hours the color is coming off of the bracelet.
The chain keeps breaking (3 times so far). I am going to request a refund or maybe try another one.
Beautiful ring but the center store fell out 2 minutes after I put it on.
Not very happy. No dementions indicated in description, I might have been more prepared how very small this pin is. More like a small hat pin.
Very sparkly but a little bulky.
The snake looks good but the size is probably too much for most of the ears. It presses against the ear so it is not comfortable. Can't bear wearing it for a while.
The size of the ring was for a child. My husband needed a quick replacement and we ordered the exact size but it did not fit. My 8 year old could almost fit the ring
It's a nice chain, but I thought it was a lot bigger.
This ring is gorgeous and many people thought it was a real diamond from the sheer sparkle of it. However, after a year of normal wear- washing hands after bathroom, some everyday cleaning and some dishes here and there, the stone fell out. I did take this ring off for my showers, working out, swimming, heavy duty cleaning and I had it cleaned/polished a local jeweler every month. I am so sad that the stone fell out but while I had it- it was a pretty ring.
They are very pretty, but they are weak.
Was a very lovely bracelet. However, it has tarnished so badly, I can no longer wear it. Bought it in April 2018. This pic was taken Feb 2019 (less than a year later).
Beautiful but it was so small, didn't fit my chain :(
I knew I wouldn't be getting anything super nice because of the price, but I just needed some basic plugs to wear to work when I didn't want to wear my nice ones. They came in a nice box which was a huge surprise. However, nearly every pair was missing at least one faux gem, most of them missing quite a few, which was very disappointing. The screw part is also pretty bad quality as it took me quite a few tries to get the screw lined up properly. Still, they work for what I need them to. Just don't buy these with high hopes of looking gorgeous or super sparkly or noticeable.
Two stars because they're absolutely adorable. They don't stick on my daughters ears well at all so we've lost most of them already 😢
I received these very quickly. They are pretty but my fault in not looking to see that there are 4 sets of the same color. i also did not realize that i could not return them. My error.
Lost the end piece in my stuff fell apart
Pretty, I've bought this twice now for a costume. Cheap materials so it fell apart quickly.
I just get so excited about jewelry that i can wear without worrying about taking them off when I have to wash my hands or take a shower. These are nice everyday rings that look pretty. I am going to get more. Can't beat the price. I bought an 8, my ring finger is usually 7. The gold tone is yellower than real gold, but not even worried about it. They are gorgeous. Update: I have worn these for a while and noticed the plating as rubbed off, so I took 3 stars off. If you want these to be everyday rings, buy the silver color, under the gold plating is silver.
The earings are much smaller than expected
I did not liked it but it was very easy tu return it.
The back of one of the earrings does not fit; it falls right off!
Broke 2mins after I put it on.
I had high hopes for this ring but was disappointed. It's a fun play ring, but it's not well made and that's easy to see. It's adjustable. My little one wound up with it, even though I bought it as a gift for someone...
I wear a 0g and these must run small because they almost sag when I put them in... a really big disappointment because they are very beautiful maybe buy the next size up idk
Love the ring, but the sapphire stone fell out after week and I had to Glue it back on.
Very Cheap material.
The hearts are very small, and the piercing stick is very long if used alone. Hearts hurt me the second day!
You get what you pay for!!!! Loved the look of these earrings as they are shown but they turn around a lot of the time and you will see the back, not as pretty. I traveled to So America for a wedding, when I took them out of the box they were broken, thank goodness my boyfriend had two hours to try to fix them and he did. Decided to wear them again once we got back to the states and by end of day they had fallen apart again.
Pretty but they all popped after wearing them for a day. Waste of money.
Did not receive item. Please replace.
Missing a set of stones.
Clasp broke now I have to buy a shipping box to mail it back. Pearls were smaller than I thought and necklace was also shorter than expected.
These are very pretty, but the sizing is for a child vs an adult - it was too tight on wrist.
Ring was beautful when i first received it but after wearing for less than 2 weeks its all discolored, the silver paint has rubbed off and really shows how cheap the ring is. I paid way too much for it. They should say in the description...silver colored paint ring, not 925 silver ring. Very dissappointed.
I had to return my earrings, as I was sent two different ones that were not the same size!! It wasn't super obvious until you put the two earrings together, and clearly one was bigger. Not sure who packages the earrings but they didn't do a good job!
I did really like these bracelets. Wore them for about 3-4 months before I started having big issues with them. The pull strings that close the bracelet around your wrist starts to wear, and/or stretch out after some time. Ultimately, they all stopped working. It's about 7 months later and none of them are useful anymore. What a disappointment. Oh well.
These aren't real leather, but a faux type cord & were quite disappointing. They don't lay well on the neck even with a single, heavy pendant. Didn't look as pictured.
The script on the bracelet was way too small and very hard to read.
Wasn't really herringbone.. super low quality. Of course, as always, you get what you pay for.
Cheaply made. The stone is clumsily set in the silver, so it looks like it's going to fall out. My six-year old likes it though.
Was cute til it fell off somewhere and I lost it. Hurts your ear if you tighten it. Falls off if you loosen it
There are very pretty, but the points are big and not very sharp so they leave holes in tightly woven clothing. Must be used with loose weaves - and then be careful that they don't snag.
did not come as expected
Super thin but very pretty.
Disappointed with product.
Ordered twice. Neither order was as shown in photo, were not made for both ears
Bigger than what I expected but pretty none the less. Scratches easily and a little nervous the gems might fall out easily. The necklace started to tarnish 3 months after my sister got it.
Arrived on time. Sad that only 2 of them are the right gauge. They definitely get smelly after a few days of wear no matter what I do to keep them clean and not smelly.
I got this necklace in the mail and had very high hops.. I did not have any adjuster on mine, and it is extremely small. Looks like it was made for a toddler.
one of the rocks fell out after a couple days pretty dissapointing but it looks good
They were too small for my ears. They were a little top-heavy so they pull down word and didn't fit well
I bought as a back up to my real rings because I'm pregnant and didn't want to get mine resized. It's beautiful but it's turned my finger green within a week of wearing it. Sad because all the reviews were so good. You get what you pay for I guess!
It's ok. Feels somewhat cheap. Arrived without earrings even though I specifically ordered the ser. Returning.
Stones popped out almost instantly
These look great but after wearing about 4 or 5 times the silver playing wore off and the copper caused my neck to break out into a rash
It was the right shape. But it is plastic and painted gold. It should clearly say this in the description.
Tricky to install. Basically a 2 person job. With this particular size, you need constantly hard or large nipples.
When I was tighten mine it broke, my wife loved hers.
It was very cute but it broker after one day of wearing it!
Nice until the stone fell out
Not eligible for returns. I orderd the wrong size by mistake. There is no option to exchange for correct size.
This was great! until parts of the necklace begin to chip and its not longer silver in those parts
Not so happy with quality and packing of the product .. Wnt recommend
Pretty but lost a stone after just two wearings.
It wasn't what I expected I could have made this but it broke in 5 minutes
While this are super pretty, I was highly allergic to them.
I loved the ring. Very beautiful. Until the center stone fell out. It just fell out. Not very well crafted for the money.
Did not work at all don't waste your money
I don't like that while you wear it get loose every 20 minutes wont stay tight were you want
Way to small for my hands to go through but very well made for people with small hands and wrists
Engraving and bracelet itself are well done, but clasp appears to be upside down and will not stay fastened
The chain is tarnished and it's not that sparkly.
I bought this set of earrings for my daughters. One of my daughters had no problem with them, but the stud fell out. My other daughter had an allergic reaction to them. Her ear was itchy, red, and it seemed as if it was swollen. I would never buy or recommend this product.
Stopped functioning after two days. Pure junk.
The bracelets are cute but I needed the color I actually ordered. I ordered the brown but got a set of cream colored ones. The color that was sent isn't even listed as an option. I would have preferred to select another color altogether than get the next best thing.
I bought this for my son, because his whole baseball team was getting one. The boys picked them out.
These are really pretty! However, they are heavy and tend to hang out in the front, making them look weird and I constantly have people saying that they look like they're falling out.
I've ordered these numerous times before. This time they came in all bent to the point of not even looking good enough to wear. The quality has gone down hill.
Rusts too easily, and gold not as bright as picture, also missing texture in the flower petals.
The ring is very pretty. However, the rose gold-tone began fading within a week of my daughter wearing it.
the sizing was wrong, i went to a shop to see how bad they were after i was at 6 gauge and they told me every single one was off by a millimeter in a random way
Smaller than expected
I loved this sparkly, beautiful charm; however, it does not clip over the dividers on the Pandora bracelet. Mine did not have a secure clasp on it and unfortunately fell off a few weeks after purchasing it.
Earrings are physically fine, design is misaligned. Can't return :(
Pretty much this is not a necklace. Just a long piece of cheap rope with rhinestones that fell out. Pictures are very misleading. Save yourself the trouble
They are both heavy for being a necklace
The little rhinestones kept falling out - in fact I'm pretty sure it happened the first day I received this. By the end of about 2 weeks they were half gone and wearing it just seemed kind of tacky at that point.
I originally gave these a 5 star rating. They are very pretty. However, the silver plating starts to wear off after about 1/2 dozen uses even with being careful and following the instructions. They aren't expensive but I think they did cost too much to have the lifespan of dollar store earnings.
Nice but careful. With wear it gets tarnished. I don't avoid creams and perfumes and still tarnished after a few wears and stone fell out after a few weeks
I was sent the wrong size, ordered a 9. But a 10 was sent and is too big.
I got one of these and one of the stones fell out and was lost the second time I wore it. I sent it back and got a new one. I didn't wear it for a bit, but when I did, first time out same thing happened, a stone fell out and was lost. Once could be just bad luck. Twice with the same problem suggests a more fundamental issue. Very lovely piece, but poorly constructed.
The Purple band is way to small, made for a child, not an adults wrist.
Was not stainless steel and causes an allergic reaction on sensitive ears
My wife likes this necklace a lot.. only my wife only had it for a week and then it rusted!! Make sure you keep it away from water!!!.
Was okay until I went to move my cross on it, and it broke in half. The clasp was hard to use.
The item shipped very fast and looked beautiful. Honestly would give 5 star for that BUT I wore the bracelet for 3 hours if that when the band snapped out of no where and the beads flew all over the place so now all I have is a bunch of pretty beads. I gave two stars since I really liked it and I got the women one for my spouse and it is perfect for her but mine busted after 3 hours of use I find that some bull. I'm attempting to get a replacement but we will see how that goes.
Disappointed. It looked in the picture they were a peach tone but they are mostly gray.
Earrings are cute but are very small. The length of the earring was short and the screw back was difficult to get on.
Opened them only to find one of the stars was already broken off of the end. Disappointed because they're cute earrings. Will probably wear the one in my top piercing.
I purchased this for my son. While I'm sure he will still like it, the quality isn't very good at all. Looks like it is almost covered in plastic or something. It is bubbling - they didn't get all of the air out of it. Somewhat disappointed as this is a Christmas gift.
Not very easy to wear; magnetic clasp is a pain to use.
I wanted these for diamond painting. Sadly 1 of the 2 arrived all broken. The trays seemed to only be in the box to make them latch close better. Because without the trays even the unbroken one wouldn't shut properly. I believe if they were shipped in a box instead of plastic bag they would have not been broke. The top of tic tac containers comes off, but I believe that's how they are designed. I'm going to buy again, maybe just different seller.
Should come with an extension magnet clip. Very tight fit.
I bought these on May of this year is August now and they are tarnished on the part that goes in you ear I have attached photos so you can see what Im talking about will contact the seller to see what they can do about it.
The necklace would be great if the chain was a little longer. I am not how this can fit an adult or even a kid. Half the chain is the extension which is not long either I'm so disappointed as this was for a birthday gift for an 8 year old and it doesn't fit her.
I bought these for newly pierced ears so I could have something comfortable to sleep in. They are so curved and sharp that it was nearly impossible to get them through my sensitive ears. I did manage to get one in and in the middle of the night it came unclasped and stabbed me. Maybe these work better for piercings that are 100% healed, but I definitely wouldn't buy them again.
It's dainty. I like that. It's thin. I like that too. It arrived fast and the packaging was good BUT if you look at the picture, the ring looks tarnished. Now, I know it's advertised as 10k gold so it probably doesn't suppose to have the same shine as 14k gold as my necklace but I'm a little disappointed in the lackluster of the ring. And the color really isn't yellow gold. It's more lends itself more brassy than yellow. I guess for the price, I get what I pay for and as long as it doesn't turn black, I'm satisfied with my purchase but buyer beware.
turned color after 2 weeks
Meh, the stud broke in less than 2 weeks... but cute, like the screw back for toddler
very nice for the price
The items inside seem to be intact and in good shape...the box however was in horrible condition....the box was taped together with blue tape which in turn stained the box and made it sticky...the label was put across the insignia and it has been difficult to get off as well. I appreciate the quick shipping however, the full product was not in great condition....
When I received the package of the necklace, the box looked like it had already been opened b/c the tape was cut. Then the necklace was knotted up in the box. I would have returned it, but it was a gift that I needed that weekend. So I spent my time getting it out of the knots so I could give it to the graduate on time.
It broke the very first time it was worn!!
Stone are lighter than what is shown in the photo.
Not a terrible item, fits well and won't turn my finger green but the chevron isn't as pronounces as I would have liked.
The ring is beautiful. However, the black gold plated areas around the ring is wearing off already.
These earrings looked good in the ear, small, and dainty. But getting them in was a complete nightmare, as well as taking them out. They are extremely small, probably wouldn't even work for a babies ears. The latch on the earring itself was very hard to close and get open and if the latch portion got stuck in the ear it was a hassle to get it back around to unlatch. Wouldn't recommend for new piercings or big ears.
It's a pretty sturdy piece I think, but I'm not very happy with the overall finish. Some of the rings have burrs that will prick you while you're wearing it.
Husband likes the ring. Fits perfectly. He liked the packaging. This is how it arrived. Coating chipped off. Husband won't bother returning it. Hassle to send things from Japan for him.
yes they were black. yes they were silicone ( at least i think so). but they arrived mishappen, like it was a poor job doing the mold. returned. waste of money.
None of these fit my nose hole .. its like they are too big in size. I was so excited about them too.
Liked it a lot initially but broke in six months
They were great at first but the ended up bending wrong or something and now won't stay clasped.
Very costume jewelry / cheap looking. Not interested in wearing them.
These chains are terrible. I've bought these three times. You'd think I'd learn my lesson. The first time it broke definitely my fault but the second time the chain just had a defect in it and broke. And the third time the clasp broke when I opened it. Definitely not buying a fourth time
This is a really cute aromatherapy pendant and necklace, but the quality is too poor to recommend. The pendant has an adorable pattern and message, and felt heavy and substantial. The necklace felt and looked cheap. I knew I needed to replace it, but didn't realize how quickly. My daughter loved it for the few hours she got to wear it before it broke, slipped off her neck and disappeared.
Bracelet is unraveling where you tighten it. Loved the colors but not well constructed.
You get what you pay for. Fall off easily. Put them on the lost before the end of the day. Not secure at all.
Really pretty, but unfortunately it doesn't lay flat and was really annoying. Ended up returning.
Arrived broken and had to fix it myself.
A sweet ring, but it's very fragile and bends easily.
Had posts, good stones. I have to find someone to reset the stones. Posts are flimsy.
I love the colors, just as pretty as the picture. But the way it was tied keeps unraveling.
The wire broke. I was able to fix but it isn't very sturdy.
The Platinum Dipped Birch Natural Leaf Necklace was beautiful at first glance. When putting it on I saw the leaf was broken. The break was a possible sweater snagged so I returned it. I would have loved it if not broke!
It's beautiful! Perfect for my mom's 80th birthday!
I had ordered a similar ring before and it becomes misshapen easily. Not this ring. It's heavy duty without being too clunky. It looks very elegant on your finger and if you look closely the workmanship is good. Surprisingly nice for the price. Problem happened when I felt a pinch while I was wearing it. It had completely severed in the back. Not sure what to do next
Looks quite cheap (because of gemstones)
I love these chokers normally, most of my jewelry is from this company. I have this necklace in silver and I wear it almost every day to work. I received the gold one this morning, put it on and it immediately broke in my hands. So sad because I was looking forward to having it in gold as well.
package never arrived. all other orders were there. this one did not make it. please send replacement. address is correct.
I ordered 2, one was perfect the other is not a 14G and doesn't fit the post.
Looks good, but will turn on you. You get what you pay for.
I got mismatched earrings in my package. Instead of two round arrow-like earrings, I received three horseshoe earrings. I would either like to be refunded for this purchase or be sent the correct product again! I have included pictures.
Very pretty but poor quality. One of the pearls fell off after less than a day of wearing ...
these earrings are supposed to look like a cats face, they look nothing like a cat, i was very very disappointed.
These look beautiful the jewel tones are excellent but they're not durable the elastic is cheap and stretches out and the bracelet break I've bought them several times I'll never buy them again I would not recommend this product
The gems frequently get unscrewed and fall out.
I don't like wearing jewelry to begin with, needed something in a pinch. The are pretty enough but not for me
I don't know what I thought I was going to get for the price but these earings are very thick and you can't wear them very long or they hurt your ears. I have to say that they are worth the money but next time I will spend more to get something more delicate.
One set was very discolored. Product came in nice velvet pouch.
Much bigger and clunky than photo shoes
Nice but not worth the price
This septum ring is very big, almost awkward even. The bar is very small, and the clasp was not strong at all. I literally wore it for 2 days, and it already fell out and is lost. There are better options.
i got my band bent and twisted and the quality alone scared me enough to not wear it. its pretty dont get me wrong....just not something to wear.
not very happy:( the first set I got I lost a stone with in the first week and the owner was so nice and sent a replacement set to me, but weeks later I lost a stone again:( the set is beautiful and will not tarnish at all but its the stones that don't like to stay in :( sucks because I got sooooooo many compliments on this set too.
You get what you pay for! Most all the necklaces are cheaply made and chains break easily.
they move around too easily and become crooked. have to continuously adjust.
Fast shipping they were cute and what I wanted but they didn't work 😏 if you moved the wire it woods flicker on one but the other didn't work at all.
Good size and shape, hugs earlobe. Unfortunately they make my earlobes sore. Sandy F.
It was very pretty but broke a day after smh
These are pretty cheap looking metal in person and not high quality at all. Not finished nicely.
Upon receiving the ring, I noticed that the color is entirely pink, and not aqua as pictured in most photos. I was so disappointed since I purchased the matching earrings to wear as a set. I do like the fact that it is adjustable to fit more comfortably. It's still a cute ring but doesn't fulfill the purpose of wearing with the matching set of earrings (that broke before I was even able to wear them out, only after the first time trying them on). :(
My three key chains said: "We will" "Always" "Connected" The middle one should read "Always be" but the "be" is missing, and also the keychains do not fit together as shown in the picture, again it is the "Always" piece that is missing the word that is also oriented wrong to make the pieces fit together.
I am giving 2 stars bc I bought this necklace to hold the ashes of my father who recently passed away. the necklace chain was all twisted up where it clips together and I have tried and tried to untangle it but it has been the most frustrating thing. the actual urn itself is pretty but does me no good if I cant wear the necklace. :(
I bought it for my daughter she wore it to soccer practice and when she got home and started to take a shower she realized it was missing so overall it is pretty cute but most likely it will fall of
looks ok/ very flimsy. fragile ended up breaking
Shipped faster than I had expected, the jewelry itself looks like pretty good quality for the price however, I was disappointed to find that the gem that screws in is completely stripped and doesn't stay inside the back piece.
Necklace turned my neck green. Keychain seems to be holding together rather well
Opened the package and nothing was there... just an empty envelope.
It already tarnished and I got it on the 20 th of this month. Its beautiful and all but now its half silver and tarnish hate that.
Color pastel light not as shown.
Super small. Was thinking the pin would be much bigger but it's not
Bought these for my 15 month old and they were long posts so they fit her ears.
Wore the silver pair three times and the clasp broke.
Necklace is good for a child. I have a skinny neck and could not wear it.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for a friend and the first time she put it on the clasp broke. It's cute, but very cheaply made.
I loved this ring for about three weeks until the finish (rose gold plating?) started chipping. This makes me sad because it was so beautiful when I got it. I got so many complements too. But now it's chipping and turning my finger green. Maybe if you don't get it wet it might last longer? Still. Disappointing. 😕
These earrings don t stay clipped onto ear. They fall off very easily.
This necklace is super cute however it came broken. Which is upsetting because it was a gift for a good friend
I was so excited about these earrings. Obviously, we know the two earrings won't look identical but the two earrings I got look like I couldn't find the match so I went with a similar look. It is a very noticeable difference.
Run very small. Bothered my skin
not as cute as expected it
Exceedingly fake-looking.
As stated, these are very light and very small. The picture makes them look a lot bigger than they are. The length is about 1 1/4”.
One necklace not two separate like i was Hoping. Looks pretty cheaply in person but I'll still wear it.
I love the look of the necklace and got lots of compliments. Unfortunately within a week of wearing it, stones started to fall off.
Items look like they had been worn, came dirty and in the wrong size packages! Very dissapointed
I wanted to get my daughter a necklace with her name on it and thought this one looked pretty and promised to arrive before Christmas. It would be pretty but her name is way too small to see on it. We are both disappointed but she wants to keep it but I will get her a different one as well.
The earrings were beautiful but a pearl came off of one of them after less than a month. Amazon gave me the sellers phone number and I called and left a message, so hopefully they'll replace them quickly. I'm also hoping that I just got a flawed pair and that it isn't a flaw in the craftsmanship of these earrings. I liked that the backs for the earrings didn't slip off too easily like some of the other pearl earrings I've owned - which means I'm less likely to lose an earring. I wonder if perhaps the backs aren't strong enough for the size of the pearls (I ordered the 8mm earrings).
The problem with these earings that after a couple of weeks of wearing the pearl fell off the.
I should have known better very displeased the stones are not small they are tiny.... not some of them not half of them all of them are tiny and uber tiny
If you have sensitive, infection-prone cartilage piercings, do not get these. I have had my cartilage piercing for years and haven't had an infection in quite some time, but these gold-plated studs irritated my piercings to the point that I could not sleep on my side anymore.
Size as advertised. Did not irritate my skin. Clasped nicely ~ until one didn't ~ barely four hours into the wearing. Still looking for it ~ was in my home all day so there is still a chance to make a matching pair.
Not bad but expected something different
Hard to get bracelet on by oneself
Unfortunately one of the dangly side pieces was broken off when this arrived.
This is a fake. I have the same bracelet in a different color from last year and when you compare the two the one I bought from here is awkward and cheap. Super dissatisfied
Even though it's adjustable it was way too big. The listing didn't have any measurements, so I assumed with it being adjustable it would be fine. The non adjustable portion is 8” long and my wrist is 6”, so it falls off easily. I requested a refund, but they said they would only refund 20% of my purchase.
The cap is very tiny and be lost fast! Sometimes the ball feels like it will go through my earring hole.
I wanted the 3" , ok ad says 2.75" the one I got isn't even 2". The cord is just a cord. It's not solid wood. It is layered and the glued edges can be seen. The top part apparently broke off and you can see where it was just glued on. It dosent look "artisan made" , more like a beginner hobbyist. Don't want to go through the hassle of returning it and waiting. Very disappointed. Not worth the total price i spent. This is a 3rd major disappointment. Should have rated the others. Won't be shopping Amazon!!! :(
I wear smaller rings on most of my fingers and this ring almost disappears among them. In truth, it's a beautiful concept but it fails in execution.
Pretty on arrival. Finished however rubbed off extremely quickly.
Clasp is horrible and you have to fight with it to get it on and off. Very frustrating to the point I threw through the bracelet in the trash, when I seperated one of the links just trying to get the thing off to shower. Fix the clasp and it will be an awesome bracelet.
The chain was a very nice color so I'll give it that, but it was very thin and felt like it would break easily, also the links looked like sequins which made it look very cheap. Overall not a good chain.
Price reflects quality. Just know that when you purchase. Necklace is easily tangled.
My daughter bought these and was disappointed because they were too tight to go over both folds of her ear and caused pain.
I had my heart set on this beautiful but appear to be monarch butterfly charm I've had it less than a month and it's already starting to turn and that disappoints me
These things are TINY! They'd look good on a doll baby that's about it. I was deceived
These are really flimsy. That's about all I can say about them. Wouldn't buy them again.
They were beautiful! The stones were very lustrous, however, the bracelet broke the first time putting it on.
Unfortunately this did not last. It also looks very cheap, I gave it to my daughter. She barely wore it and the chain broke, so it cannot be fixed.
Very cheap made over priced
It's a lot shorter than I had pictured.
Beautiful ring but really looks fake! I was looking for a good travel ring but will unfortunately be returning.
It broke. Never will buy this product again. Earring is uncomfortable when you try to sleep.
Purchased as a birthday gift and arrived with the wrong stone. Package was correct.
It was only long necklace length. Was not as described.
Packaging was nice. They are way too shiny... not worth the price
Was broken when received
Received it tarnished and lacking in shine. Returned it.
The chocker part of the necklace is too tight and the coin is too long. In proportion to each other not matched.
Some of the black ones you can see the paint is fading... doesn't feel and seem healthy to put in the ear.
Band size is not accurate. I asked for a 8 and their 8 is really a size 6. Order bigger
While the quality of the product was great, there is no way it would have covered my chest (I'm a B-cup). This would be better suited for an A-cup or child.
Very small ring. The metal is not durable and the ring bends easily.
I bought this as a gift. The bracelet came in good condition but disappointed it didn't come with a box
The stone is nice, but the chain is horrible. The stones are all different sizes and its all bent
Will be returning unfortunately. Locket is exactly what I was looking for but the magnets are crooked and don't allow for the locket to close properly. Also, the color of the gemstones are completely off from what is pictured. The August birthstone that came with it is more of a slightly yellow,green, clear color.
Most of them are pretty big and bulky I wasn't a fan so I returned them
Cute earrings just like the picture given except I received a mismatched pair. Very frustrating.
These clickers are HUGE. I can only wear the smallest one, the other two look ridiculous.
This item was purchased as a gift and a request was made to please not attach the invoice for said reason. The supplier acknowledged my request and confirmed that an invoice will not be attached. However the detailed invoice was received with the gift.
I want to get in contact with these people. It didn't come with both rings. It only had the engagement ring. Not the wedding band. I want the band!!!
3 earrings arrived bent and damaged making 3 of the 5 pairs unwearable. I will give 2 stars because the two pairs that were undamaged are still fairly nice.
Nice variety and quality (so far) I don't like how large the flat backs are. Hard to sleep with them in Edit: came back to change my review. Already lost multiple because they fall out/unscrew easily
When I received, the white one had a large split and before it was even out of the package. Despite that, I love them.
Chain looks so cheap. I put it on another chain. Not what I expected, not a lot of detail in feather.
Very pretty and very cheaply made at the same time.. These ankles may last three to five days of wear..
It was not what I expected, the material is not shiny, it looks ordinary and from the 4 pieces I had to throw it away 1 since it was too opaque
This is a cute idea but it broke within minutes of both my daughter and her father wearing them. very cheaply made, but thats because it is so cheap.
i was very upset with my package because when it took way longer to arrive then it was supposed to and when i received the package the necklace wasn't in the package the paper that it came on was ripped and the plastic was opened. i was very excited for this but now i am very upset.
Could not screw the backs on, even when I didn't have ear rings on. Used a different back. Really like the ear ring.
Feathers were bent in the envelope and ruined the earrings
It broke the second time I tried to put it on
The purple bracelet has already broken after 3 days of normal wear. The beads are not make of a heavy or decent material
Thought it would be larger
This was stolen from porch. :(
This ring is nice but it doesn't look like the pic which is disappointing so I returned it
Disappointed... missing white middle piece in the center.
Smaller than expected and cheap looking. The clasp on the back is clear rubber plastic.
Smaller than expected
Broke after a few days of wear. Otherwise it is beautiful, but be so careful with it!
Did not look like the one in the pic I wish I had a pic but my niece still loved but I was disappointed it look more cheap and the necklace broke eventually just a warning don't expect it to be like that pic shown above
I returned these, they are very heavy, and fell off twice.
Loved this bracelet but it broke the 3rd time I wore it.
Description mentions opal. No opal at all, just glitter and epoxy. Opal (fake or not) is my favorite and I'm disappointed.
Loved the bracelet, it is pretty and dainty and is good quality. The only reason for 2 starts is the bracelet is very small. It's suppose to be loose fitting and it fits very tight. My wrist is pretty small too. So this is a good bracelet if you have very tiny wrists.
The jewels are way too big
Bought this for my little sister as one of her smaller birthday gifts and it was super pretty! Put it on her and not even 48 hours later, the necklace broke (the chain had broken off from the pendant) as she was changing. Apparently the necklace can't survive even the smallest of tugs. I know the necklace is cheap but damn, I've bought more durable jewelry for the same price.
Awesome product wish prise was less and shipping took to long
Two out of the three pair are already broken. I wore one pair about three times and the other pair broke the first time I was trying to put it on. These are some very nice earrings. Be prepared to put a back on these earrings because they will break.
Love the item but one of the posts was a tad bit too thin so the earring back kept falling off. I replaced it with plastic tighter disc back but it fell off too and I lost 1 of the earrings.
A stone came out almost the first day of wearing it
Looks ok considering the price. Started out so pretty, after less than a week of daily wearing, the metal turned copper color. Not enjoyable to wear. Save up your dollar bills for a nicer ring.
Stone was pretty but metal was cheap looking
Cheap looking and bracelet broke after an hour of wearing it. With that being said it was only $9.99
Very poorly made. Liked the colours, but not good quality
Smaller than it looks
Just ok, won't put in in my boutique tho, or even wear it, it has severe tarnish places on the upper part.
I thought these were bigger.
They broke first wear
These are looking great and feel like a premium quality product. Only con is that clip is too tight and after wearing it for couple hours ears start to hurt. It doesn't look like big flaw at first but renders these earring almost useless as you can't wear them and have terrible ache after for few days
Doesn't look like the picture. I never got to wear it . Didn't return it, it was not worth the hassle :/
The necklace is beautiful, however the pink box it came in was grimy and dirty. Very disappointed as this was to be a special gift. This was the 3rd I bought and the boxes were perfect on the first 2. Maybe whoever packed it to send had dirty hands. Yuck!
The clicker piece works great no problems on that. The ball and horse shoe on the other hand was complete and total crap. Not only can I not use it, the balls wont even come off with plyers, rendering it useless for my daith peircing. The balls are fused in.
Disappointed. The stone is not pink but a hazy pink and blackish.
anchor is flimsy. I got a better one for 2.00 here on amazon. Come on!
The part that goes in the ear hole is flimsy and it bent several several times. It was bent coming out of the package. They are really pretty though and I received compliments which is the reason for 2 stars.
I really liked these alot....Too Bad.... they just make my ears itch and start to become infected so I had to toss them.
These are very cute best friends necklaces and my daughter was really excited to give them to her friend. Unfortunately, the flower comes off the necklace very easily and the screw that holds it in place seems to be stripped. I glued it in place, but it was dissapointing to have it break the same day we opened it.
I like these but didnt love the fact that you can only wear them once or twice. After a day or two (without showering with them) they turn dark.
Had to return. Very cute but the plating is JUST a color and not actual gold. Caused an immediate reaction. She tried them for a few hours and instantly got red and crusty. Purchased some solid gold posts for the same price at Walmart that havent bothered her since.
The pendant, while very pretty, is very lightweight. Gives the feel of wearing a tin dog tag. The PVC necklace is very cheap. It's pretty, but very cheaply made.
I bought these because they said it would be OK for sensitive skin but they are not. Super disappointing.
Stones fell out 2 days after receiving it
The class holding the flier de lis pendant was very bendable and before even wearing it the pendant fell off.
Two butterflies were broken
Just like any other cheap jewelry online. They bend way too easily and the stones fall out. Worth like 10 cents a piece. Only good for temporary use.
I bought this bracelet really excited because all the reviews talked about how amazing this way and how real it looked. It does not look real. It is a really shiny, fake yellow gold color. Anyone who knows about jewelry or likes designer pieces will be able to see at first glance that this is not authentic. Second, it runs very small. I measured my wrist with a measuring tape and even order the size that was almost an inch bigger and I could not even fit the bracelet together around my wrist.
these ankle bracelets are pretty, but my biggest issue is that they don't stay up on my ankle. I feel like for the cost of them it's not worth it at all. I wouldn't recommend to anyone to waste their money.
The “silver” on this bracelet flaked off a couple weeks after buying.
The color is beautiful but the beads are plastic not wood like they say. I was disappointed.
Looks cool but don't stay in mouth and is a waste of money. Should of gotten a refund.
Beautiful earrings but very heavy. So heavy it leans forward when resting in my ear.. gauged ears after not very appealing when this happens
Bracelet was beautiful but I wore it twice and it came apart.
i brought these for my bridesmaids and myself,yet we are unable to use them because they are so heavy they fall off your ears. which now we don't have earrings to wear. i can't return them because its over the 30days return policy. i never thought this would happen, so i didn't try them on immediately. :(
I bought this to stack with the other one in the photo, but this particular band is very pink. My engagement ring as well as the other band, plus another I have, are all rose gold, but this one set apart against it and was definitely a different color. It's beautiful, but keep in mind if you are using it with any other rose gold bands, it may not match.
It shows 4 bracelets and I only received 2. If there are only 2 it should state and show that in the picture and description. I'm a little unhappy about this.
One of the brooches arrived broken, but I was able to contact an efficient representative to get my order refunded.
I only wore these earrings a couple of times. One earring fell off of my ear and broke immediately. They look beautiful but aren't made very well.
Uncomfortable but works ok
This was way fatter than expected. Didn't love it. The pictures were not quite correct.
It looks good but one day and it turns ur finger green
Much Smaller than expected. The 'stones' are not very colorful..., seemed to be the bottom of the barrel so to speak. The box was old/used? ..., Was embarrassed to give as a gift as planned. About the size of a palm/man's hand but smaller. Was really disappointed
Did not like the quality of it. the copper part faded very soon and looks dull
It only fits on my pinkie.wish there were more sizes
Fits way to small, i love the ring and cant wear it. :(
the stones don't look real. I guess you get what you pay for
Ring is beautiful but not sterling silver!after about two weeks it started to tarnish i'm Very disappointed because I really liked this and also had it personally engraved
Earrings are cute and came in a cute red bag, however, whn i recieved mine, a few were broken. So i know have an odd number of earrings. Kinda useless at this point. And you guys dont have a return or replace policy. I probably wont buy from you guys again.
Too small even for females wrists.
Broke after one day wearing. Lost it... beautiful though
I was excited to get this bracelet but it broke after wearing it twice and sone of the rhinestones came out
You can't really see the stones in this locket. It was smaller than what I thought it would be
The grenade is smaller than expected
These earrings were cheaply made but you pay for what you get and they constantly fall out of my ears!!!! I dont think they're worth the money since you can get way better earrings for less that are higher quality on amazon.
These are TINY. Absolutely miniscule; the smallest lip ring I've ever worn by far. Compared to other reviewers, I'd say the size of the backing is about what I expected, but the top itself, the faux opal, is nearly invisible. You definitely cannot see them as well as pictured; it's hard to even tell what color you're using. These are just too small to be as pretty as pictured. Would I order these again? Absolutely not.
I liked that they are stainless steel and they look cute but the posts are long and they constantly look like they are going to fall out.
After all of the fantastic reviews, I erroneously thought this valet tray would hold my accessories, fold my laundry, and organize my life too. It failed on all three levels. Not only did this tray fail to meet my needs, I also could not make it hold my belongings, the bare minimum task it would need to perform in order to be called a tray. Two of the snaps refuse to snap despite excess force applied by my sturdy husband. So why the two star review you ask? It's sort of looks pretty and more expensive than the cost of $10. However, seeking out beauty over function has failed me once again.
Pretty but so small I have to give it to a little girl as a gift.
Although, these fit well. They don't last long. After two and half months on my daughter, they've turned green and I've had to replace them, obviously.
It was pretty but broke after 4 wears. Quality is not durable and is flimsy.
The chain broke the second I tried to put it on. I understand that it's very inexpensive, but for it to break that fast isn't worth it
Cheap metal. Caused ear irritation almost immediately
The rings are cute but the backs are too short. When you go to put the backs on them They pull the rings into your nose because they are too short
Left side defect. One hook missing so it was unhinged.
The flair is just as big as a 1" double flair with a very low saddle. Nice and light though so it won't fall out when your wearing them I guess...
Its durable, however it has a noticeable seam on it which i don't like.
I love the comfort of these but I got 2 pairs of white (one is supposed to be glow in the dark) and my pair of black ones was ruined. One of the black gauges was cut and not a complete circle. Overall not happy!
No I thought they would be bigger
Item has not been received as of this date
I didn't like the way it looks I order 3 different and nop.. I didn't like them I use only the accessory
The different styles and patterns are just plastic. They peel off when I eat or when I talk. Eventually the decorations just peel completely off.
Very thin and low quality and a half inch smaller than advertised
Beautiful, but cheap made. Fell apart after two times of wearing, fixable but inconvenient 😕
These are nice, but the dangle doesn't need much to come off. Loose clothing is key.
Broke the third day I got it which is a shame because I loved the necklace!
The two largest chain links on this piece are not two separate chains as it appears in this picture, but are actually a single casted piece made to look like two separate chains. I am not sure if the manufacture did it to save a small bit of money or not but as a result for those with thinner wrists like myself this piece will look a little bulky as the bracelet wont bend all the way around the wrist like it should.
These are so cheap! The only reason I didn't return them was because of how inexpensive they were, if you're looking for a crappy set of random interesting earrings look no further!
I was disappointed in both the small size and the thinness of the product. It seems cheaply made
I wish that the other poster's delivery had come in before I'd ordered, or I wouldn't have ordered this necklace. The pendant itself is very pretty, but the chain is HORRIBLE. It kinks badly and the adjusting beads don't work very well. I will likely return it.
I ordered the set with all black, one white bead and all white, one black bead. Overall, the product is amazing, the bracelets are well made. However, I did not receive the extra strings and beads. Plus, I'm not sure if I was able to pick the sizes of the bracelets, but the white bracelet ended up being bigger than the black one. I wanted to send the black one to my boyfriend for his birthday on Tuesday, but I don't want to send him something I'm not happy with.
I would give more stars but I thought I was ordering a silver color and it arrived bronze. My husband still likes it but it needs to be more clear in description
BACKS DO NOT STAY LOCKED LOST AFTER 1 DAY F HAVING IN
It's pretty and fits well on larger wrist, but it smells like the finish is spray painted, and it's STRONG. Planning to leave it outside to air out and hope the smell goes away.
I gave this two stars because it was a ring that was inexpensive. That being said, I cannot wear the ring because the 'diamond' is cloudy in the center. It has a constant 'dirty' look. Waste of money. I would never purchase again.
cheap costume jewelry, looks fine, cant expect much for such a cheap price
They feel cheap because they are. Gold looks unrealistic. Silver and Rose Gold looked nice. Clasp felt flimsy.
I loved the ring until, one of the stones fell out 😔
Very pretty and delivered on time that was the good news unfortunately I don't believe it is real Sterling silver as it turned my neck green within a day of wearing it :(
I love the pendent, however the chain broke the first day I wore it. I have been having trouble finding a replacement chain.
did not meet expectation
The necklace already broke after 1 month
Was kinda upset did not get good ones idk if monday I'll have my husband buy me a different kit from somewhere else on here
Yes. They did go in easily and it made the ring fit but I lost three of them on two days. Just fell out.
I love the monkey itself. The magnet on the back is small. If you intend to have this attached to clothing while you are in an active activity be prepared for it to pop off the magnet occasionally. Also found out the monkey will attach itself if you brush again a metal beam or worker locker. The monkey itself is now just a work locker decoration, back magnet is now lost on the work floor.
Very pretty and received compliments but wore it once and it broke :(!! The hinges that hold necklace parts together are too thin and open up easily
I purchased this necklace to compliment my slouchy sweater from Amazon. I like the look of the necklace and the style; however once you wear the necklace for a couple of hours it begins to twist together. I tried untwisting the necklace but within an hour or less, it twisted again. So... I had to return it :-(
Broke on day 1 of wear.
The hands are really too small to see unless you have a lot of light. The band is great as I can not wear any metal.
The hinges were loose and were very difficult to close.
Wore for 4 days.. now they look like junk.
Disappointed in the quality as the clip broke already last month even though I never shower or swim in it and it is less than a year old.
Very good item, it would be outstanding if they put it on a longer chain...! Well, with it......! Larry
I just got it in today and it is very cheap looking and the chain is awful.
The size is correct, however, on the back the shank is uneven and there is a flat spot in it with a divot where a seam has been closed. I don't know that I think this will last very long as it doesn't look very well done.
Thought I was getting some little flower earrings, got something totally different. I am about done with online shopping, ridiculous!
When I opened the box the necklace was defective. There is a cord that connects on each end of the front of the necklace then you tie the cord to the back of your neck. Well, the cord had come loose from the necklace, it was frayed and I couldn't reattach it. The necklace looked like something you would buy for a child to play dress-up in. The earrings were nice. But I wouldn't buy this again
Well they were great rings!!...but i ordered a 7.5 and they came in a 5, so i don't know what happened there. Anyway, they were however really nice and ended up being a pinky ring. ;)
Cute. Larger than I had expected. Love the rose gold. However, the description states that the earrings are hypo-allergenic & nickel free. I've never had a reaction to any kind of earring before. These made my ears hurt. Other reviewers said that they hurt at first but felt fine after wearing them for a little bit. That was not the case for me. My ears became more and red & swollen & the hole in my ear began to close. Had to send them back :(
I ordered the one that said 4 cubs it came with only 3. But I wore it anyways figured I'd try it out,well within 1week it's broke!!
Wings don't stay closed
Looked great at first but slowly started turning colors after 3-4 months of normal wear.
Bought most of these for myself but never ended up wearing them. 11 y/o niece loved them but most broke within a week. Very cute but chincy.
Bling action is minimal
Only the rings arrived in the plastic bag from the seller. The mandrel was missing. I'm hoping that the seller resolves the issue promptly.
Chrome already wearing off. Typical flea market bullshit. Whoop whoop.
was different color state of withe was blue .
This bracelet was probably anodized since it is very stiff and can't be bent to fit my wrist. I gave it away to someone with smaller wrists.
Loop for chain and chain is too small wanted to use a different chain but loop is so small,but the pendant is very nice and detailed
This chain is absolutely beautiful, thus the only reason I am giving it 2 stars. However, as soon as I took it out of the packaging, it broke, and there isn't even a way for me to fix it. I am quite disappointed because I was excited to wear it due to how shiny and gorgeous it is.
How can you rate a product that was never received? It was damaged in transit.
Cute... Did not lay around my neck as expected.. And it looked more fit for a little girls play dress up
I like the ring, but the color is fading.
Did not lay right on my neck
Had to return. The piercing kept falling out because the ball at the end of the nose bone is basically non existent.
It was fine until I went into the hot tub. Then it was very apparent it was not real. 925 stamp is nowhere to be found. But before that, it was cute and true to size.
they didn't even fit in my ear
Small hoops. Doesn't fit. Pinches my ear. Going to give to my young neice
Colors are nice but wash off very quickly. If you want the color to stay I would pick another product.
The necklace is cute, but mine arrived broken (the tip of the crescent moon had snapped off during delivery). Also, because of where the chain attaches, the balance is off and the moon overlaps the starry night charm. It would be nicer if it actually looked like it does in the product image, where you can clearly see the starry night charm within the curve of the moon.
Not crazy about the color. Too long as well.
Disappointed that the color did not hold up on the band.
I like it, but it was broken
Much smaller than anticipated. Cheap looking and feeling. Came out of my ear the first night on its own..not what i had envisioned lol
The smoky quartz I got was in horrible shape. It was all scratched up. One side especially like it got it the worse. U would think the other side would be fine but nope. It looks horrible!! The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the size was really nice and so was the color/intensity of the stone. But unfortunately I can't wear it as a necklace :(
Nothing wrong with the product, but I couldn't wear this. It was too bulky and uncomfortable.
Necklace portion way to short!
Chain was worthless! Kinked and turned wife's neck green! Pendant was fine.
Nice enough, I suppose, but definitely not worth the price at all. Not sterling silver. I will not recommend.
I bought a bunch of these for my staff as a gift for all of us to work together as a team and everyone's neck turn green oops!
Is mine broken or what? Can someone help me? Idk how to put it on because it canr hook on anywhere and the Chain doesn't look like 2 of em it looks like one long 20 inch one with the 2 symbols together please help
Doesn't look like the pic
Smaller than expected
Was good except the one pair got stuck on literally everything.
There's some type of white coating on it that won't come off
A lot smaller than I expected based off of picture
Earrings are beautiful but they keep arriving with stones missing. I sent a pair to my niece and they were missing stones. We returned and the new ones we ordered were fine so I ordered a pair for my daughter. The first set and second set were both missing stones. Sadly I will have to return and order something different.
Most of these were to small to even wear.
The tassels come off before i even walked out the door.
Loved them when I wore them to a wedding, but broke shortly there after.
The necklaces are very cute, my daughter loves them BUT our package arrived and was missing the bracelet. I contacted the company and have still never heard back from anyone or received a bracelet.
The necklaces were nice, but I only got to wear them 3 times because they started to dull in color and had a copper smell to them.
Magnet interferes with my watch.
Brand new but already had scratches on it makes me worry about the quality of the metal part.will probably fade in a short period of time
Pretty ring but stone fell out after a week of light use! :(((
They have nickel in them
The necklace broke already a link came loose from the necklace
I loved this ring so so so so much, but it snapped in half unexpectedly one day when my hand hit against a door.
Not enough instructions
Arrived without the earrings. I didn't bother to return it or wear it as they were what I was really after. Otherwise the necklace appears as pictured.
If the one brooch pin did not arrive broken.
I liked the price but the turned quickly and the ring broke.
Poor color and chain is not as expected
This is a good looking earring and was easy to put in, but it made my ear swell like crazy and I couldn't get the swelling to go down after trying everything (soaks, cleaning, etc.). I had no choice but to take it out after more than a month of trying to make it work. It's easy to put in, but I found it really hard to get out. If you have sensitive ears at all I would avoid this product. Disappointed!
these are way thicker and larger than they appear in photos. the only reason why I don't give it a 1 star review is because the quality is good, but appearance can really use improvement
I bought these for an 8 yr. old girl and I think they are way too small for her. The picture of the woman/girl wearing the earrings is deceiving.
Great earring but the backs fell off cheap backs can't where them
One of the balls broke with the first few minutes while I was screwing it on after putting it in. A couple are plastic bars that I wasn't expecting and do not like.
Purchased about a month ago, and it's already changing colors. I know cosmetic jewelry will do that but, one would hope not so soon.
Dimonds where missing when I received the package and look at the gril
I could only use one; the others were to small.
Tried sizing up to 12mm but the taper would pop out of my ear before I could even get the tunnel in. I looked closer and realized the tunnel is actually BIGGER than the taper. I ended up a sore and swollen ear. Waste of my money.
Loved this ring when I first got it!! Wore it a few times and so far two stones have fallen out!! Very frustrated!!!
Turns my wrists green
The opal fell off the first day of wearing it. It was pretty but a piece of junk.
The needles were sharp which isn't a problem. However the rings didn't fit, I pierced my nose only to see that the ring wouldn't fit . Very pointless to buy nevertheless I can always buy more rings just disappointed.
Qualities not as good as I like one was already broken the minute I open the container. But for the money I guess it's okay.
Earrings changed color once I wore in the shower. I have a lot of piercings and wanted earrings I could put on and not have to worry about. Would not recommend you wear everyday, and be cautious if you have sensitive ears. Will change colors after a couple of wears.
Too heavy, does not stay in place well
You can barely tell these are pink. I wasn't sure when I looked at them. I guess they're a little bit of a blush. Very very light pink. Not what I was looking for at all. Certainly doesn't look like the picture Also much larger than any 5mm earrings I have. Black earring on left is 5mm.
I would not buy again it looks very cheap and faded easily
I am disappointed in this seller. I've purchased two items and have had negative experiences with both. I purchased the "Sequin Flower Floral Leaf Stud Earrings" which was never sent. It showed up as Lost on tracking. The second was "Colorful Enamel Hot Air Balloon" which had an unfortunate imperfection in one of the earrings. A link was missing from the chain connecting the balloon to the basket. The result was that it hung crookedly. Otherwise it was quite lovely and the quality was surprisingly good. Ideally I would receive one half of a pair in perfect condition, but that remains to be seen. The rating is for these two buying experiences.
These are so cute, but the coating came off within a week, and now the metal underneath breaks my fingers out in an itchy rash.
They were all the right size but the black and blue were all warped like they were melted. Quality is also poor.
I love how this necklace looks but the chain is cheap, and the piece that connects the necklace to the chain broke after about 5 days of wear.
It's beautiful, exactly what I expected. The problem is that it came bent on the package (contrary to how it looks it remains flat mostly) wearing it wouldn't make it flat so I had to work some magic and bend it the opposite way without breaking it and now I have it under a stack of books to get flatter so that I can wear it in two days. **UPDATE** I'm returning. It's not worth the hassle and I couldn't wear it on NYE. I would have to wear it as a choker in order for it to not appear bent, and it's too scratchy for that. BUMMER, the necklace really is beautiful.
The backs are too flimsy and keep coming off. If you want disposable earrings then buy these. if you want to use them for more than 3-4 times then buy others.
Missing multiple stones straight out of the package. I will be returning, I can't imagine these would have held up well during normal wear.
The screw back comes off very easily. The earring has fallen out many times since the purchase and no matter how tight its screwed on it continues to loosen and fall out.
This barely holds a speck of dust! Lovely little necklace but not good for cremains. I don't feel like enough of my loved one is in there!
Cheap quality, should have known by the price, very stiff stringing.
The plastic balls break in two very easy and cause the ring to fall out.
I assumed this would be a pair or earrings but buyer beware there is only one
Way to big!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Like unwearable big!
Don't really know. Still haven't received it. Takes much to long to ship to U.S.
The glass cracked while burning and i wish you could know at least the varities of rings
deceptive lots smaller than shown
The earrings are cute but the hooks discolored with one wear.
They turned dark after a couple of months. Buy something else!
Super cute but mine broke right away ☹
Bracelet broke within two hours
It broke after 3 months 😕
Color is not as I expected as gold. Bit washed out gold. Chain is flat although does not stay flat on my skin. Comfortable weight. Wish color was little more saturated. I'm debating whether to keep it or send it back.
The ball falls off within a few days. I lost 2 within one week.
I wish I could give these a better review but the first time I wore one of them, it fell out without me knowing and I never saw it again. The backs are not bendable and too large/ long to fit tightly on my nose.
This item came with the earrings poked through a falling apart piece of styrofoam, it looked very poorly done. And the stones are very small, much smaller than I expected. You can't even see the marking s in the turquoise. I thought these would be a subtle statement piece but instead they look like a cheap piece of kids jewelry.
The earrings arrived with one of the posts intact. I used gorilla glue to reattach. They are really cool though. Big. Showy. Standouts. I'm going to wear mine with faded jeans and a tee.
I should have figure out the size more before I bought this. For the price, it's tiny.
You get what you pay for obviously.
Inconsistent product information there was no 20 inch chain included with the charm , product was placed in a ring box. I can't rate this seller any higher until the correct product information is placed online or the chain is provided. perhaps my review would change.
Not very good quality.. Some of them paint is missing,,, just not as good as others..
It looks better in photos, it did not meet my expectations however it was for a gift and my friend's daughter was happy because she loves horses
They are okay not that good at all and I did not get the Carry pouch Or the paper that says what everything is .
Pretty flimsy. Cheap but cute.
It's adorable and will be beautiful on a necklace, but definitely not what I was hoping for or expecting. Very fast arrival. But I literally expected a keychain size charm. Not a pendant. Thank you though, I'll be creative.
kind of small more like an earring for a child
these bracelets have a few good ones included but most are cheaply made and one broke as soon as i put it on. not a good deal. I was NOT impressed. They have just a couple beaded ones and the rest are brittle and flimsy like they are worn out or have been exposed to dry out some... i dunno but i wont order from there again. BOO!
Huge earrings most defenitly for women not men
these are painted balls and the paint will come off just them being in your mouth. i wore the black one for about a week and it started losing color and showing silver.
Fell apart. Hard to screw together without help.
Broke after wearing it a few hours!! So sad!
Very large, also very wide, could not sleep in or use phone with but beautiful gauges.
very cheap and break super easily. I was wearing one and I hit my hand on a table and one of the rings completely broke in half...will not order from this company again!
wouldnt stay in my ear and when i had it bent to fit my ear -my ear got sore.
Fairly cheap earrings.
The chain is of great quality, but the clasp is very difficult to use.
Then shell necklace is to small. It needs a longer string wouldn't have bought it if I knew it would be in a different size.
Low quality, I should have investigated more.
Dissappointed in the quality
Its pretty but I didn't even get to try it on because the clasp broke when I opened it.
Not as sturdy as the pictures look. Mine bent easily and looks weird placed in my nose
The stones are amazing but the silver fades quickly
They were too heavy and kept falling forward, so I returned them.
I bought this necklace to help with arthritis in my neck. It did help but ended up falling apart after a little over two months. I tried to fix it with the kit included but the pins kept bending. I ran out of pins to use, unless I wanted to make it a bracelet. The time for returns was over and now I am stuck with a broken necklace and am $40 plus in the hole.
Very pretty earrings but something is off about them. Discolored ears and became painful to wear which is unusual.
The gold & silver plating had bubbles and shards
Did not come with box and it's very upsetting to get a beautiful piece inside a plastic bag with a card. Complete throws off any person trying to give this as a gift. Had to question the authenticity at first. Bracelet itself is a beautiful piece to anyone's collection that has lost a loved one.
I know I clicked on sunflower and they sent the tree. The diffusers are very bright and should be lighter in color
This chain broke at the point where the clasp connects to the chain. It lasted a little over 8 months so make your own determination if it's worth buying for yourself.
I'm disappointed. I saw reviews and decided to order. The two earrings are not the same size. (Not an identical pair)
It is pretty but bulky
Cute but oxidizes very quickly, I only got to wear it twice. Lasted two weeks.
I thought these would be thicker stainless but they were inexpensive.
Only for your little girls dress up play.
I really wanted to love these, as they're exactly the style I was searching for. Unfortunately, they're too small for me to wear for more than a day. The piece of metal that runs from the stud to the bend is apparently too short for my nose, and so the stud was slowly and somewhat painfully becoming embedded into my nose. I realized this after wearing mine for approximately two weeks. After feeling ongoing irritation, I removed the nose screw to find a stud-shaped, red, irritated indent.
This was bent when I got it
So cheap it was difficult to unclasp. I almost broke a nail trying to get it off my wrist. BUT, it really is super attractive once it's on. Looks like a bracelet. AND... I'm returning it.
The necklace is much smaller than indicated and the chain came with a big knot in it that I cannot get out. I'm returning it.
Turned green so fast! Sadly disappointed.
I really like how simple it is too use. I only have a few clip in pieces but the ones I have look really great in the bracelet. The only thing I dislike is it looks cheap and that's because it was. I probably won't recommend this to anyone.
Plastic :( didnt like the quality.
i received this necklace and two of the discs were missing in the front of the necklace, right were it would be most visible. There were not any additional discs in the packaging, and I am stuck with a necklace that has missing pieces.
The pearls are very white not like ivory in the pic.
These claim to be hypoallergenic but I don't believe they are. I have very sensitive ears so I'm very cautious about purchasing random earrings. I read the reviews and decided to give these a go. The INSTANT I put theb in my ears my ear holes ached! I took them out immediately. I have since painted the studs with clear fingernail polish and that seems to be keeping the irritation at bay.
I thought these opened up to put on. You have to slide them over your hand and they are way to big too fit comfortably. The bracelet is pretty thin. The tag is nice. Got them for gifts but not sure I even want to give them away now.
It's a nice ring but colors are not as shown. I wanted a blue ring but that's not what I got
This is a great looking chain but the end of the chain broke after the 2nd day
Pretty little ring, but is isso narrow I wouldn't wear it as a wedding ring.
While these unit does fine for earings, it is too short for necklaces. They end up getting tangled at the bottom because they have bunch up to zip it up.
This ring I received was beautiful, it just wasn't the ring that was pictured, so I was a bit disappointed.
More like costume jewelry. Didn't last 24 hours before falling apart. Was very pretty... now its just disappointing.
I like the size of the stone but it it constantly coming out and showing out of the bottom of my nose...the screw is way too long.
Very cute, but did not receive all 12, did not get the heart one that is shown.
The way the description is set up it looks like you'll get a few 14g and a few 16g for each type of ring, but that is not the case. I received 5 small bags each bag was a different type of ring ( belly, labret, eyebrow, tongue, closed circle eyebrow). However each type is one size in it's entirety. Only the labret and curved eyebrow rings are 16g. I can't use any of the other bags of rings, as 14g is to large. It's a waste. Suggestion: if the bags are already separated by size you should let customers chose the size they need
Omg more beautiful in person! Looks so real and not fake like other costume jewelry I've bought. Will definitely be buying more for gifts Update- next day I wear ring and have been riding in the car headed to vacation and went to change the radio...notice the whole top stone has come out!!! Beautiful yes but have to take my stars back for quality. Get what you pay for I guess
Much smaller and thinner than I thought they would be! Looks nice but very small
To two big rings are super small. Didn't even fit on my pinky and my wedding band is a size 4 1/2. The rest are fine.
Ended up with little white fibers all over the place (clothes, car, floor) when I wore these. Also the bands have these weird plastic things covering them that are really uncomfortable. Random holes in the flowers too.
Received my package in the mail however it was never sealed properly and nothing was inside the package. Amazon customer service could not replace since the seller is a 3rd party, so I had to get them to refund the money so I could buy again. The seller should make sure the package is sealed properly so customers receive their items.
The piece was too small for my ear. I can't wear it. When I attempted to put the tail on it, it didn't work. It's too small and defective. I contacted the seller and they responded quickly and politely. A replacement was offered, but they don't have bigger ones. I would guess it would fit a preteen or child or a very small person.
Very cheap, pretty cute but flimsy and not great quality. You get what you pay for.
Good but very small for adult ears
Havent got my order yet
Good looking but don't stay tight
Too small for my wrists. Not comfortable. Good quality though.
The bracelet is very cute and I do like it very much. However I was very disappointed that it did not come with a box. I bought it this for a gift and I don't have a box for it. I've bought Alex and Ani before and I know it should have a box. I guess it costs less and is easier to mail without it?
Very small print. Hard to read
the chain was cheap but the locket and charms were good
Larger than expected
It is extremely small and it might fit a 2 year old girl but definitely not a four year old. I have to return the item.
Great product helped my pain but after 3 weeks started to turn my wrist green and coating is coming off
Although purchased for my daughter as a stocking stuffer, she liked it. I can't see the value in it. Packaged cheaply in a small plastic ziplock.
It's beautiful but turned green in two weeks and I didn't shower with it.
smaller than I anticipated. but very cute.
Earrings are fine, a little flimsy but for the price they are great
I like this product for the most part but the chain on the sun part down catch on my hair which tugs some. But ya get what ya pay for. Probably will replace the chain at some point
Broke quickly but I loved so much I bought a second pare
Like the way they look, though. They're the perfect size and offer an edgy, yet delicate look that is still substantial enough for a woman who's graduated from her twenties. These did not irritate my sensitive ears over about 4 hours of wear. Given the fragility of the posts, I would be careful not to fall asleep in these.
The head of the ring is much smaller that the picture indicated by the proportions. The ring otherwise is nice, but it is miniature compared to how it looks in the picture, probably 1/4” instead of 1”. Sent it back.
Glad to have protection, haven't tried it to be able to fairly rate.
It's okay but the picture posted is misleading. The pendant is one solid printed image not a see through solid thing, but it's still nice.
They look and feel great but it does pull your hair on your arm a lot making it so you can not ware them
Good looking item and hope I don't have to return it, as one of the rings is loose and I received the item in a plastic pouch without the stated manual nor bag posted on the Amazon product description.
I had many compliments on this bracelet from the color to the craftsmanship. The thing I didn't like and I bought two one for a friend, was they both broke within a week of each other. They lasted 3 months. The thread that holds the stone broke.
The earrings are nice but they hang unless I put them on really tight . Look better on the pictures.
Seems well made, but the writing is very small. Just hope that in an emergency that whomever is responding has great eyesight. Otherwise it is ok.
i originally had an xp band years ago which made a massive difference in my flexibility and muscle endurance. This does not seem to have the same effect, but then again, neither does the current xp band i just purchased, so maybe it's just me :-). It's comfortable and i haven't had any quality issues with the necklace, as some people mentioned in the reviews.
its way too small! but i kept it for a bracelet lol..
Beautiful ring. The only negative is that it will pick some shirts I wear.
Was smaller than ordered BUT customer service was incredible and shipping was faster than projected.
Not bad for the price
Looked good, but very large and heavy.
not good if you perspire moderately or have oily skin
the largest rings i put in but one of the end clips that push into the other end was pushed in and i couldn't use it. but the others worked fine.
Pleased with the locket, the chain scratches my skin.
So I ordered this pendant for my Wife's birthday after she said something about wanting to have a red necklace to match an outfit she has. She loved it and didn't take it off for the better part of a month. The other day after getting out of the shower, she realized one of the stones had fallen out. I'm not the type of person who has an easy time buying gifts for my Wife, so you can imagine how pumped I was when she was delighted to receive this as a gift. That said, I'm sure you can also imagine my dismay when she showed it to me!
It was beautiful, but chain came broken.
Lovely necklace. Not the highest quality metal. The chain is already showing discoloration from being worn. Additionally, the chain is dainty. I'm extra aware around my kid when I'm wearing it in fear he could snatch it off in one pull.
These are very pretty and are easy to put on. I had bought them to utilize with my essential oils. Using oils with the lava rock is great, however the oils start to degrade the elastic holding the beads together and causes them to stretch out and not fit as tightly.
The posts arrived bent and I went out of town for a few weeks and did not contact the seller. They were very lightweight and I still tried to wear them. I lost one within the first week and I am sure it was because the posts were so bent that the back did not stay on.
Looks better in picture, not what I expected
These look okay, but a really flimsy materials. I doubt they will survive one of those little accidents where your tie clip gets ripped from your shirt.
Cheaply made, but ok for occasional wear. A lot of spacing between each shell.
Love these but the main reason I ordered was for the silver pair and one broke immediately. 😞
I love the pendant but wasn't thrilled with the black leather chain it had a bit of a musty odor.
Does the job, but unless you like them wide in depth, it is near impossible to attach to a tie without power forcing it.
I usually wear a size 4.5 but in this case the ring is more snug fitting than I like. Overall nice ring.
Cute but one of the posts has a groove so deep it's next to impossible to take the earring off without hurting your ear or fingers in the process. Needs to be sanded down to work properly.
These are nice but too small especially if you have a big ears.
They're cute but they fall out easily when I'm washing/drying my face or sleeping. They could be bent at more of an angle or use metal that is easier to bend myself.
Looks gorgeous but it's hard to latch it close . I tried to use it for my daith piercing
First, I want to say that it is a nice looking piece per se. The necklace and the trim around the stone look very nice. My/our issue was with how the main stone looks. It lacks the sparkle that swarovski crystals have. It borderline looks like a blue piece of plastic you would find in a childs piece of costume jewelry. This might be great if you are giving it too a pre teen girl but I wouldn't suggest this for your wife. YMMV
These do the job as intended, but is too heavy that the magnetic clasp continues to fall to the front, which I find annoying.
These are very pretty, BUT they are insanely flimsy! I used the smaller pieces for earrings, but the larger pieces are too flimsy. Still trying to figure out what i can use them for.
It's cute and would be good for a teen to wear.
This is a very nice piece- large and dressy. Personally, for me, its too large for daily wear which was what I was looking for. BUT...more care could have been taken in packaging the chain portion. I am returning due to the fine chain being very tangled and me unable to get the knots out.
Super cute but the wrong size. Ordered a 0 and got a 00. When I size up I'll be happy to have them at least
Packaging wasn't sealed on some the needles had toss a few away they are very sharp for the price not a bad purchase
Very cute and package was perfect
The ear rings came in bent
I never received my item but they were wick to give me a refund of my purchase price.
I really loved this bracelet but it fell apart :( the twine began to unravel
I like the look of the rose gold rings but the stems are really long so u can see it in your nose
While there is a variety, they were not exactly what I thought
Update: these are not stainless steel but plated copper. Turned my ears green These are stunning! So i bought two because I wanted a piercing I could leave in that was cute, light weight and comfortable to sleep in. So far, this checks all the boxes. Super pretty! I may even move them around occasionally to use in my second piercing, cartilage or daith. Opal is beautiful and the quality seems nice. Will update later is there are any problems.
Very plastic looking at close up
Product was much more shiny then I was looking for and the picture shows.
It's ok. For $20 I was expecting a sturdier and heavier weight and better quality. But my niece still loved it.
A lot small, maybe fit a woman or a teenager, not a grown man
cheap quality, ruff edges cut
Its a cute little casual piece. I'll wear it with jeans. Definitely not formal wear. It would also be good for a young girl.
Wear this every day with my moms ashes pendant and today I went to put it on and it snapped about an eighth of an inch from the clasp. Not repairable. Very sad.
Clasps are loose and they keep falling out.
They are better for ear piercings than septum rings which I bought them for. Good price for an 8 piece set. One annoying thing is I cant get the ball off the gold horseshoe ring.
Inspect immediately after receiving. I received mine with a few days to spare for Mother's Day. I didn't inspect mine. Just gave wrapped. When she took out the set. The feather earring was broken loose. A few of the pieces on the necklace had come loose. I was so embarrassed.
Beautiful earrings, smaller than expected, but the posts are quite large and painful when putting them on. Also they don't come with a plastic sleeve to prevent loss. They easily fall out and I ended up losing one. The company sent a new set but I still have an issue of not being able to find plastic guards to put on the posts to prevent them from falling out.
I love it.its so beautiful.i thought this was stainless steel and it isn't. It turned my finger green in a month.the back of the ring turned copper.
Love the gold color. but not strong enough. the clip to it fell off on my first week of use.
Great concept. The lid doesn't flip open all the way making it difficult to add oil too. Didn't realize i would have to add oil so often.
They lasted a long time, but im a very active person so when i was outside, the string broke. which was upsetting.
So cute. Looks even better than the picture. Can't wait to give it to my daughter for Christmas.
Not bad but not great it's okay
Shipped very fast and all items well package d and present.
Wife says it's too heavy when she wears it
Beautiful, delicate and sophisticated. When I first opened the box, one of the earring threads literally had a knot in it. Determined to get this untied ... two hour shift later finally accomplished this. And, loving them. Only three stars due to the knot in the thread and them not being ready to wear.
Its pretty, but i only wore it for a week n stones came out.
It was what it was advertised as
Made for longer length feet, I'm a size 10 and it was moving all over the place, kept falling off to the side, beautiful product just poor sizing, if you are crafty and know how to fix the fit, I'd recommend it!
The links were not symmetrical
Great for my Dr Who fandom. A bit larger than I expected but all good.
Ordered these for my husband it said natural and organic but whatever the coating is on the outside made his ears BLOW UP and get super infected he had to be put on antibiotics they look great and I'm sure they are fine for other people but it would say something about the coating on the outside
Very brassy like. Only good for a couple wears, not everyday. They turned quick. And I bought two of them. Probably won't buy again.
Awesome, awesome look. I knew it wasn't expensive but it wasn't functional upon receipt so I had to return it. It would have been perfect over my black gloves as a part of the whole 20's thing I was putting together.
Well yall charged me for two and I only wanted one .. and I never got the second one can u refund me for the second one u charged me for
They are smaller than regular belly rings. More so the size of an eyebrow ring.
The item says it is delivered, however it isn't here!
Had it for a couple of months and a stone already fell off. Pretty ring but definitely NOT worth the price! Would not repurchase or recommend. The amazon ring is the top one on the first picture and the bottom one on the second picture
Love the way the ring fits on fingers. Wish that the cardinal points were more visible...
Did not realize it was little bit too large (stones) Should display ACTUAL SIZE As it enlarge by sizes , it looked too fake
Cheap costume jewelry, pretty but feels like plastic
Pros: Been wearing them 24/7 since I got them with very few hair snags. They are cute and I get compliments. Cons: I couldn't get some of them unscrewed even with tools. The biggest ones are kind of gawdy but I'm wearing them anyways because I couldn't unscrew a diff pair :(
I wish the quality of gold covering was better, its starting to turn, I haven't worn it often
First the seller and delivery were great. The bracelet itself was lovely. I was sensitive to the material in it. My wrist started to swell after a few hours. Pain went up my arm and the palm of my hand felt like it was burning. Weird, but I do have problems with being sensitive to odd things. I started to feel better after taking it off and within a couple of days all symptoms were gone. All of that being said...I gave the bracelet to my neighbor and she loves it. She has no problems at all.
Earrings are adorable and they come in a really cute box however the backs have trouble staying on.
Beautiful piece but unfortunately came broken 3 days before the wedding.
A little heaven but super cute and fun I'm very pleased so far
Looks real. Only thing is the little rhinestones fall out. Not sure if mine was just faulty, but still looks super real. Love it!
She was mixing and matching them, always would wear at least one. Very cute. But not very durable. Unfortunately and due to the lackluster performance I won't be ordering a replacement set.
My daughter loves this necklace and it's very cute but it broke pretty quickly.
I was okay with purchase, just wish it would come with its box.
Cheap, doesn't look that great. Idk what I was expecting
These are cute but a little smaller than I was expecting. They are very lightweight and comfortable to wear. They were just thrown in the box with other items and the posts got bent in shipping so not sure how long they'll last.
They're beautiful! But have worn them constantly for a month now and they're corroded with green crud that I can't get off.
A lot bigger than what i expected. But still pretty. Not good for the nose piercing. The stone had to screw into the post and it's not got a long enough stem.
Have not received them yet
Pretty to look at but very small! I wasnt happy but not worth returning.
I like the thickness and weight to the piece. Considering the size of the pendant (5 cm long) the details are not that crisp. I have smaller metal pendants with cleaner lettering. Also, the pendant I received has a couple of dents on the side. You get what you pay for, I guess.
These are cute and seem well made, but my nipples aren't huge and they were too tight for comfort. After getting them in, it felt like my nipple was being pinched 24/7 and it was very uncomfortable so I took them out.
I bought this for pretty cheap, I could have gotten it from somewhere cheaper and would probably recommend that instead of this one. The paint chips off of it, so you might as well buy a cheap one and repaint it yourself with your own enamel paint.
Liked the earring, but they do appear to be cheaply made. Was hoping for something that would be of more value.
Cute chain for teenager. Tarnishes easily.
Clasp wears out easily and the oil absorb balls fall out randomly. Nice jewelry though.
These earrings look much nicer in the photo than the actuality, in my opinion. They are extremely lightweight, and do not appear to be particularly good quality. They are new, so I can't say how long they will last, but I wouldn't buy them again for a gift.
I absolutely loved this product. The patterns look really cool.
The wings only have texture on one side. The other side is just smooth metal with brand stamps. Otherwise it's a high quality piece, and my wife still likes it.
Look great. Not good quality. Already bent and had a hard time getting the backs on and off.
I really loved the product. I was very satisfied with the quality until the very nice bow at the end of the beads became undone one by one. tried searching online on how to tie it again but I would need a longer piece of string than what is left. hopefully they can rectify this issue since I am not the only one with the problem.
Arrived promptly, all printed info correct. Unable to figure out how to adjust to fit wrist. Returned and given prompt, no hassle refund.
I really like the way this bracelet looks and wore it nonstop for 7 months. However, I have a few issues with it. When I first got it, it smelled, and had I let it sit out for a few days to air out. On the first day I wore it the leather came out of the metal clasp, but I was able to supper glue it back in. A week after that it was the other side of the clasp. On the 6th month one side of the eye came off and I tried sowing it back on. Now on the 7th month the other side of the eye came off and the beads are now dull as well. I guess it did well for how cheap it was I just wish it was a little better made so I could keep wearing it.
Very pretty but keep getting tangled. Too much effort to keep untangling them even from the slightest breeze...so they're not being worn.
The jewelry itself is actually beautiful and shinier than i would expect but the short part of the L that goes in your nose is so short that it makes it difficult to get in and it also easily fell out of my nose which has never happened to me before. Not a reason to refrain from buying, but be careful especially in a new piercing
nice looking stone very light blue pretty pearl now to be carefull I didn't know pearls dehydrate hope they hold up feel like they drag the eye down and not so flattering now that I am older
Very pretty sparkly look. The post like others said seems flimsy for the price. Over all beautiful earring.
I love it. But it broke after three uses. Can I get a refund?
Looks great but to small straps are to short
It's ok I guess it's one of those you get what you pay for lol. I couple of stones fell out after about a month.
Cute but it broke immediately
These are cute but they are impossible in many ways Getting the little ball in and out is a nightmare
The price is too high you can buy the same earnings at Walmart or any fashion store. They should give me options regarding earring designs.
Not as nice as depicted online.
The post were bent when I revived them and about a month after wearing the post came out completely. Super cute - you get what you pay for I guess
Bought these earring findings a couple of months ago. No issues until now when a bunch of them began to tarnish and change into a very dark color. Almost a dark copper color. We live in a warm dry climate so the weather is always the same temp wise. We have no idea why they just changed. They've been kept in the same dry spot since we purchased them. Not all of them changed color so I don't know why so many all of a sudden changed. Very disappointed because my wife uses these to make earrings for her shop. We can't use them now if they are a risk for tarnishing so we'll have to throw the rest away. Bummer because they were really easy to work with. Although many came without the ball and spring. We just used those as plain findings.
i bought 2 pairs for my 2 daughters. 1 daughter did well and wears it even to bed and the other became highly allergic and got scabs and blisters all over her ears.
Well I like him you're easy to put on since I have arthritis in my fingers and fibromyalgia but I sit with my post in and when I wake up in the morning they came off the Ear 🙁
lost one after the 1st wear.. they are small.
Nice key chain with thoughtful message
Just what I was looking for! Small but sparkly!
Very cute , but gold tarnished even after one wear
Not as high quality as my previous silicone ring from the bigger company. You can see where the lamination or whatever this is was not completely trimmed off. My other ring felt really solid out of the box then became flimsy after about 2 years. This ring new feels similar to how my other ring felt after 2 years. It does however look good and feels comfortable to wear. Worth the cheap price as a work ring.
They are cute and exactly what I was looking for, but I wore one in my septum for a week and it broke, you can no longer close it.
I do like the look of these earrings. They are rich in color and decent quality BUT, the posts that go into the ears are huge. I've had my ears pierced for almost 30 years and never had an issue with earrings EVER. These fit so tight in my ear and were so incredibly uncomfortable, I could only wear then about 5 minutes. These are not normal earrings. It's a shame because I do like them but I can't wear them.
I would love for the seller to contact me about this item. While the Ankh, itself is wonderful! Gorgeous color! My son loved it! The chain broke right in the middle after less than two weeks wearing it! He was devastated! I would love to be able to get a new chain that matches again.
I love the saying and bought 8 of them; one for each of the significant women in my life. It definitely could be made better - thicker and heavier, better quality material. I'm sure it will hold up but I think it's over priced.
Cute and comfy. Don't really think it works for arthritis pain.
I love love love these earrings however after I bout myself a pair, I decided to purchase two more pairs for my friends and one of the three pairs broke... so I think it is only a matter of time before the other two break.
Runs small and shrinks..
definitely pretty and true to size, however they were fairly short and didn't come out the back of my lobes so i could not screw the backs on at all. My lobes could just be thick, but i was pretty upset about it because they really are pretty.
Really pretty and smooth but the rose gold is already rubbing off so it is starting to look silver
Didn't fit most earrings. Very thin
The tiara arrived quickly but a few of the rhinestones had fallen off, probably because it was packaged in a bubble mailer and plastic wrapping but no box or other padding. I was able to put the stones back on with some E6000 glue. It's very pretty and sparkly for the price and the metal everything is attached to feels sturdy, but be aware you might have to do some repairs on the stones. 3 stars because the packaging was flimsy and the stones fell off.
The air ionizer can be recharged through a USB cable thus eliminates carrying spare batteries, and that it works many hours before it will need recharging. The long-lasting feature could be because one can hardly feel any airflow from the device, thus there is no way to know if the device is effective.
A little loose for Wendell medallions (width wise) but still works.
Got my pretty bracelet yesterday after a reasonable shipping period. I love the boho look, and paired it with a similar beads-and-cord bracelet I owned. Love the clever button closure. Just ordered the one with the round beads. Revised my review to say that I got the bracelet with the small round beads today and it's an utter disappointment. The colors aren't bright like the bracelet in the picture, but rather dull and muddy. And it's very SMALL - looks like it would fit a child of six.
Cheaper Quality then I expected.
UPDATE: These are still junk, but the seller was awesome and refunded my purchase. Thank you. These are incredibly low quality. Not worth the price.
Really cool present. It's a shame that mine didn't came perfect. The words are very hard to see. And a little tilted
Thicker then expected
Cute. Wanted to use in my car but pieces do fall out easily
It came broken. I superglued it back together.
I would like the much more if the ear piercing were in the middle of the earring and not on the very corner. I didn't like the clear as much as I thought I would but I really like the purple/blue pair. I probably wouldn't order it again.
They look okay, my husband liked it, and it seems decent enough for the price. However the symbol meaning page in the photos did not come with it. He got a good laugh out of the threaders being heart shaped (being a manly bearded viking and all that).
Cheaply made. Difficult to size
This a fun ring. It's super sparkly for the first couple of wears. Don't wash your hands with it on. It gets cloudy and then the sparkle really dulls. For such a low price it is very pretty. You can definitely tell it's fake from up close, but it's fun to wear.
Great quality but is a little thicker than expected. Does not fit a charm on it.
It was ok but not shiney, it looked dirty or worn out
I never received the bracelet. I kept forgetting to inform you all. and the Necklace turn dark..Tarnished..
Earrings are well made and look just like the picture however, I was under the impression that I would be receiving TWO PAIRS of earrings. The advertised picture is deceiving.
Very pretty however the clip gets stuck when trying to open and close it to put it on.
The clasp is difficult for someone dealing with hand pain to open. I'm not sure about the health aspect yet but I do like how it looks.
A little big. The compass doesn't lay nicely. I wanted to love it, as I do all of my Alex and Ani, but it's a bit of a hassle to wear.
There are decent for the price. They are larger, in width- not circumference,than the original guitar string bracelets and I have noticed the gold color coming off. They popped off easy at first and I had to go in and re-tighten all of them. Again, for the price, they are not horrible, but if you want a pair that will last a while, just get the better pair.
Bracelets began to fall apart after a couple of weeks of wearing
Although pretty, the star was a little bigger than we thought it would be. The tips poked my husband as he worked and it occasionally pinched his chest hair. Instead of being able to wear it all the time, he only we wears it occasionally.
exactly what my sister was looking for in a Christmas gift
Out of the box, it was VERY difficult to get it to spin, had to put WD-40 inside the ring for it to have a easy spin. It still wasn't easy to spin after that, the ring is too smooth and the build quality is subpar.
First off really like the unique design, the fit around my neck, it was totally awesome. But I don't know if its truly the metal bronze covered gold it says it is as tarnishing is already occurring - which is sad I was going to buy more. Pros: Really pretty the first few wears Totally unique from what I've seen around Cons: It's tarnishing already and I always take it off after a couple of hours of the 5 times I have worn it, do not know how to get rid of the brown that's starting to form and consume the necklace.
The necklace was nice but it didn't have the impala charm it said it was going to have.
The earrings look nice, they are cheap and brake easily.
They're super cute but they are super difficult to put in. The screw on is so tiny.
Pretty but very heavy. They weigh my earlobes down a little too much
It's nice but very disappointed on the way it was packaged, small box in a bigger box, no styrofoam packaging and came opened up in box just flopping around. Hope it works or I'll be calling for a refund. Thank You!
Love the pattern! But the stone placing is off in some places, like both big stones in earrings. Love the bracelet!
Listen. These are so cute. I love the variety and they haven't greened my ears or anything. My only disappointment is that some of the gemstones fell off on one of the bars. I would really love a replacement if the company reads these. Or if anyone knows how to contact them.
Cool Piercing but the ornamental bar somehow got lose within a day and I swallowed it during dinner so I now have a boring regular Piercing. Not sure why you wouldn't seal it for it to be there forever.
So they're cute and come in a nice selection of colors. The problem is that 6 of them had to be reattached to the caps and 7 were missing all together. I think it's worth the price but just make sure to inspect and count them when they arrive. Still a headache though.
Mine had a bubble and the color starts to fade. Trendy, good length and not expensive.
Color and price, can see the seam of the inlaid meteor
My twin 13 year old daughters said they look alittle small but are nice.
They look nice but won't last they will start to unravel within a few days.
Cheap upclose and to the touch with the "rhinestones," but cute from afar.
Unfortunately the tape used on the exterior faux wood case had a horrible blue tape on it. When taking the tape off some of the blue remained on the case. Unfortunately, thus was part of a birthday gift for someone who really loves and collects Zelda merchandise. The pendants/charms themselves are really great and made well.
A lot bigger than I had expected
First off the EARRING is cute I do like it but you only get one. This is only one earring. I thought it would be one of each, a gold and a silver but it wasn't and they just choose which one you get. It is cute though.
Not really that well-made ( it came totally warped out of shape, which I had to personally fix), but the idea is cute.
Lover it it is very pretty, but the necklace part broke within an hour of wearing it at my job.
The loop is big and it is woven with a stiff cord. I like it, it's just too stiff.
Perfect length and has pretty sparkly but it's nit fooling anyone as real.
They are not durable at all. The starfish was broken off, which was the cutest one. They are pretty, but cheaply made.
They were a lot smaller than I thought, almost too small
My ring arrived today and one of the diamonds are missing. Still pretty and not worth the hassle of returning so I will wear it! Just slightly disappointed..
The idea of it was cute but the Charms came off on day one.
I am expected this to be a cuff bracelet. It is just one long string of beaded leather strapping with one big turquoise piece in the middle. You have to wind this around your wrist and figure what the heck how to get what you want. Button closure 😟
I like the design but the color wears off
These studs are pretty, and sturdy and feel good (as they're stainless steel) but the earring backs SUCK. They get stuck going on and coming off all the time and they're super inconvenient. Won't buy these again!
I guess 16 was shorter than I imagined. Will have to send back for longer length!!
One of the strands was out of order so the necklace wouldn't lay flat and I had to return it. What a shame, because otherwise I really liked this necklace.
little better quality would have been nice
They were very hard for silicone but they satisfied my boss, I would consider trying another set first
its ok for what it is, read the instructions
So I ended up getting my package the mail man made a mistake and put the package in a different mailbox but on top of that they were a wrong size they were smaller then 22mm.
Beautiful earrings but the posts are really short and the backs don't stay on. We lost one the second day my 4 year old had them in. Bummer.
Not very easy to insert.
These nose rings were not bad for the price. They are definitely a lot smaller than I anticipated and not the greatest quality but they work. In my opinion, the hoops are more trouble than they're worth so I probably will not be using those. Like I said, they're not bad for what I paid for them but I will be looking for better quality in the future.
Nice item however retuned to purchase a titanium .
The reason I am only giving 3 stars to this seller is that one tray was broken on each end and it was in the middle so not due to shipping.
I don't care for this style as much as others, but this was the only one with a German Shepherd.
Cheap rings was able to return
I would really like to be able to buy mens bracelets in 7 1/2". Other than it eing a bit too loose I like it. Good qulity.
This runs small. The sleeves and legs were very short!
thought it would be a little longer but that my fault
Item does not look like discribed on website.
not exactly what I was expecting, it almost seems like you get a random selection of earrings based on a color and category (large and bulky, or small and dainty). I was hoping for something specific within the picture and I did not receive that.
They were waaaay to small for my daith and I couldn't use them
It's very hard to see the different colored disks when you put them in, but for the price, it's pretty as a silver necklace.
These were cute while on, and it was nice to find threader earrings that glide on smoothly. However, they're just too short and the chain is actually TOO fine. Multiple times a day I'd find that they had slid forward through my ears and were dangling precariously by the pin at the back. I returned them.
The writing (script) is too light/faint
Unfortunately, I ordered 4 and I receive 3
I got these for my daughters bday party. They keep falling off. Hard to tie on. The material is slippery. But we had fun for a day. Cheap enough.
Rose is much smaller than it appears in image.
A bit short. And it rusted very quick
These are very cute and dainty. Snug on the ear. They are very difficult to put on and the metal is very thin, the hinge looks like it can easily break off. Don't think I can sleep in these. Again they are cute but definitely won't last long
It's pretty, but meant for a child's arm. It's just not big enough for an adult to wear.
The color was not what I expected, so I ended up returning, but they are cute and quality is what I expected for the amount paid.
Bigger than I wanted and not as pretty as they look. I will be returning
Not as nice as hoped for but will work.
I really like it. It was mailed in a envelope and somehow in the shipping it was smashed together some but I was able to fix it somewhat. Definitely worth the price though.
It was ok for the price. Looked cute but it seems to not tangle around itself within an hour of wearing. I got compliments in it but I have to keep taking it off and untwisting it.
To tight on the wrist. I wear them as a necklace .
Ok but I wouldn't buy again
2 broke almost right away, does not screw on properly..they are pretty but not a great quality
They're good. At least some of them. I don't know if I'm just weak or if the balls are stuck?
This is a cute little tag. It arrived on time and looked very nice upon unpacking. It has however already started to wear down and we've only had them for a little over a week. Our pets don't even wear them 24 hours a day. It wasn't expensive so you might consider it getting what you pay for.
The part that clamps the top to your ear edge pinches pretty severely when it isn't slipping off altogether. Got a lot of compliments on it.
thought it would be a little heavier.....really looks nice
It's really cute and all, but much longer than I wanted it to be. It does not sit where the picture looks like. It literally hangs almost to my belly button.
The quality of the ring is lower then what we paid. It mends and with a child it will break. This should be 5 dollars. We have to continuously reminder to be careful if she wants to have it for a longer period. And I dont like tell my daughter to stop and be careful with her toys. Wish someone made something for toddlers.
Sounds like a baby rattle and the bell isn't very attractive and didn't look like I thought it did
It was too light weight. One earring came off when I was drying my face. The other earring was fine. Then I switched sides to see if the loose side would come off and it still did. It was the clasp not positioned right to lock in place. Both times I was fortunate to find it.
Much larger than expected.
The boxes themselves were perfect for me, but they were shipped in flimsy packaging and many of them were bent and damaged. The ones that worked out looked very nice.
Nice but not what I expected
very light weight. thin metal. nice looking just not a quality piece.it was okay for a kids gift. don't see it lasting very long as it will dent easy.
I wanted to like this product but when I received it I was shocked by how heavy and big it was. I ultimately returned it. the quality was very nice though so if you're into bigger jewelry this might be a nice by for you.
It is very pretty! And the quality it's good! But the design.... Gosh!! Horrible! Super hard to open it/close it! I hurt my arm trying to take it off it took me about 30 minutes!
I am giving this 3 stars only because I have to be extra cautious whenever wearing this product because for some reason it is not secured when I am wearing it. I almost losted it multiple of times it does not snap into place when wearing. However, this really irritates me because I love it so much but can't wear it as I would love to.
I really liked the idea of two sides so I could separate money from license/CCs. But, the steel is very strong and it takes an effort to slip cards or money into either side. There is very little place to get leverage, which does not help. And, when there are items in both sides, it's longer than I like. Hold two credit cards, or folded money and two credit cards together. Slide them so they overlap by only two inches and it was awkward feel for me. This one is headed to Goodwill.
I expected to get at least round pearls and not oblong ones or ones that looked like that they were glued together they excitement of getting it and opening it was there but the actual opening and seeing what I got was not like the picture and that there were still stones growing on the shell was a disappointment
It was alright. The gem in the middle was a little bigger than expected and fell out after a month of wearing it.
Pretty, but very lightweight, kind of cheap looking
First time Puting it on it already broke so had to fix it myself but looks really nice!
Was so pretty when I received it a month ago. Now the silver is turning a sort of pinkish copper color, Very disappointed.
I ended up returning this item. It was pretty but it was too small for me.
I like the 3 available options for adjustment. Other than the adjustment options, it's constructed of cheap leather from you know where :/ Go to J&P Cycles and look at there leather cuffs. For a couple dollars more you get much better quality and usually they are made in the USA.
Beautiful bracelet if the chains had been straight.
clasp doesn't close properly, weak construction, i returned them
Pretty, but clasp is iffy. Had to play with the earring to get it to close properly
Very cute stack of bracelets after only a couple of wears beads broke and fell apart. I guess you get what you pay for. Disappointed
Clasp beads do not hold. I hate that the beads to not hold the fit. It very cute. I had to tie it in a knot to keep it on
Looked cute on, but rattled a lot and I couldn't handle the noise. Sounds like a pocket full of change jangling around your neck.
Comb broke off before I could wear it...so it ended up not working for what I bought it for.
Much smaller than expected. But still very pretty!!
Really cute bracelet, but the clasp wouldn't stay closed. My daughter couldn't keep it on without my husband having to slightly bend the one end to give it a grip.
earrings stayed on with no problem and they were pretty. I should have read the measurements and not go by the picture, which showed the earrings at least 4 times larger.The
Smaller than I expected
Well, it came. Boxed in a velvety box, with a "Made in China" sticker at the bottom. Upon opening it I was surprised to see that it was larger than I had expected. The measurements given was spot on, but it just looks larger to the naked eye. Not "dainty" as expected. As many other posts complain, the chain was kinked up. One wonders why they don't just tape it down to avoid this problem. The "Baltic Amber" appears somewhat dull. I put a flashlight up against it and a couple of the stones aren't translucent enough to let light through, giving it a flat look. The metal does appear to be silver, as it is heavy, but seems as though it was not polished out enough, so I had to use some silver polish paste on it. It still has some dull tool marks around the brushes. I will not return it because it was meant to be a gift for a makeup artist friend. I just hope she will like it.
The rose gold came off fast, lasted a week
My 12 yr old ordered it. He was pleased with it until the blue plastic part broke and cut his finger. He still wears the silver part. Kind of disappointing .
The earrings are beautiful but the posts were bent when I got them. The posts are very weak. When I tried to straighten the post it nearly broke off!
It is very small... Not what I expected. Husband ordered it for me thinking it would be taller in size. But it gets the job done...
So gorgeous, but within a month the plating wore off exposing the copper core. and it turned my finger black.
Pretty rings! Simple design, which I like. Nice thin, feminine bands. Looks nice with my wedding band, too. Only three stars because I think the gemstone may be a little crooked, looks almost a little bent. Still very pretty. You gotta see this ring in the sunlight. Unbelievable.
Pretty, but not real, quality pearls. It was a gift.
This bracket is nice but the charm is smaller than expected, I will keep it anyway because it's stainless steel and the price was good.
I've been searching for studs that I can wear to bed. These had great ratings, so I gave them a try. They are good for day to day use, but left my ears very swollen after sleeping with them in.
The charm is beautiful but the necklace turned with in a month..........
There is a great variety in this pack, and that is nice, but the metal turned my skin green after only 2 days. They say that they are "quality material" alloy and stainless steel post pin, but the rest of the metal is obviously substandard.
I liked how timely the item arrived and how well it was packaged. I thought that the bracelet would be a bit bigger being that it's for an adult but it can somewhat be adjusted to a bigger size. I love the tree charm and the engraving on the other charm.
I am torn about my stars. Chain looks heafty. But not impressed with the pendant as it is magnetic. I would of liked to know there was a better way to keep the pendant closed.
Kind of dull compared to sterling silver.
Pretty but didn't last long!
They looked nice, the ear rings do hurt your ears over time, they also came with one magnet working on the black ear ring. The silver one is really nice and they do sick on. Everyone asked me if I had my ear pierced.
These earrings are pretty and sparkly, but backs are way to big. I lost 4 of the 8 earrings i ware the 1st day I wore them.
The earrings are a good size but one of the earrings will not stay closed and I've almost lost it several times! Other than this they are nice
Not the size I hoped for but that could be partly my fault. It did come in a very nice gift bag with the brand name on it but I just wish that it was a bead or two larger. Otherwise this is a great gift for someone with a petite wrist.
I like them but the stones fall apart after using. Down were loose when I got them.
their o;k; not as big as I was hoping for. but they were cheap, so you get what you pay for.
Paid extra for next day shipping but it still gets delayed by 4 days and I don't get reimbursed. Nice ring, poor service. Will use different seller next time
Edit: After owning this ring for 2 weeks, I had to go update my review. I still love the ring design and price point. However, as I noted in my original review, I have bad metal allergies. This is not pure stainless steel. I have other stainless steel jewelry that I can wear for days on end with no issues. I wore this ring several days in a row, removing it at night, and I began breaking out from where the metal was in contact with my finger. I'm not sure if it is the antiquing or if the steel is plated to make it a shinier silver. Whatever it is, it is definitely not pure stainless steel. Such a shame. At least I can wear this once in a while when I need a nicer looking ring. I have bad metal allergies and can only safely wear a few metals, making jewelry nearly impossible to find. Stainless steel is one of my few safe metals, so I have been searching for more right hand rings in steel. I decided to try this ring as I love roses and this fit my simplistic style well. I just got it tonight and love it. I ordered a 7, and it is a perfect fit. It has a low profile to my finger. I wear it with the vine to the top of my hand, and even still it goes almost from my middle joint to my top knuckle. It stays put well and doesn't slide around. And it has a very solid feel to it. It does not look like a $10 ring at all, but it was worth the price.
Not what I expected but they are okay for keep in your ear to wear every day
The back ended up in front because of the weight
Although I have to return theses, I'm giving it a three star rating because the packaging was fabulous and the colors and bling are stunning. The issue is the piercing kept falling out because the ball at the end of the nose bone is basically non existent.
A little smaller than expected...but still beautiful...use it for church outfit.
They really stay on! But lose some sparkle and do not look real.
looks nicer pictured
Loved the pendant. Ended up buying a real gold chain for it. So far hasn't changed. I try to minimize wearing it.
These look nice but were tiny.
the first day I wore them, one of them came apart when it got hung up in my hair and I reached up to release it. Could have better construction.
These earrings are really nice. I gave 3 stars because my daughter does not like wearing them because they are heavy, made with real glass.Keep that in mind.
I got these for my 4 year old. She loves putting them on but can't wear them for more than an hour. They pinch her ears too much. Might be better for older children.
Looked cool but easily untwisted on its own. It eventually untwisted and fell off, never to be seen again.
I really loved wearing this during my pregnancy. It was very comfortable and never caught. However, I had to order it 3 times because the balls kept cracking. I guess it's not bad considering the low price, but it was disappointing to take it off and have it crack in my fingers.
I guess I expected the coin to be a bit larger. The 1" measurement includes the hook. Originally I thought it would be 1" for the coin itself, I was wrong. It's cute, but not exactly the look I was going for. Even in pictures the pendant appears to be slightly larger but alas my eyes were playing tricks on me.
I was so ecstatic to find these size bars! Especially excited in the colors picture. There was no option for me to change color. I was very disappointed when my package came and it was not what was picture. Please change photo! It is misleading.
Clamps are kinda hard to work with but I was impressed with everything else.
The black in the engraving is wearing out.
I was really excited to get these earrings. However, probably because of my age, I found the back of the stud really hard for me to attach. I do have arthritis in my fingers so maybe that is the reason. Other wise the quality seems good.
A little stretched out but wearable. The oils work great with it and it holds the smell and oils in the lava beads
Beautiful ear rings but one of stones were missing
The wrong item was shipped. The one I received was darling but I had no need for a random sorority bracelet instead of the one I ordered. The package was returned easily but I miss a Christmas deadline due to the mix-up.
Love the necklace, but the earrings were broken when I received my package
Did the job. They have a matte wood texture. Not much to them. Looks nice and can double as a necklace.
Good kit, did not come with jewelry as it said it would.
Not as pretty as expected.
This was a gift for my mom. It broke as soon as she put it on. Amazon made it right.
Turned a little after a few days but over a wonderful chain
This is a good ring but the sizes run extremely small! I wear a 9 1/2 and I needed to order a 10 1/2. Solid made ring, though!
It's cool but huge and heavy. Like outdoor iron gate pieces on jewelry . Might be your cup of tea.
The filters I received were bubble wrapped and not in a box. So not sure they are actually OEM. Box they came in had the OEM part number written on it with black marker.
These earrings are beautiful but are very difficult to put on by yourself. The pin is too thick for a normal ear piercing. I was not successful in being able to wear these. I'll have to find thinner pins because I don't want I wider piercing.
it got gross pretty fast. looked really nice at first but it got cheap looking within a couple months.
Soft metal, a bit larger than expected. Good price. Pretty but doesn't look authentic.
Well the description sort of says 'sterling silver filled' or something like that. it was really cheap so i didn't expect much. it is pretty but the description is misleading.
They're pretty and simple
I bought this for my son and it broke 3 times within the first month of him wearing it.
They are a little bigger than I thought. Doesn't really hug to your ear.
I love this necklace but not meant to be worn long term. It gets very scratchy and irritable after awhile of wearing it.
One of them broke as soon as we took it out of the package.... they're really nice but that just sucked.
They look Nice but they broke several times when we were using them! I fix them once and after the second time we decided not to use them.
Just a very unique & pretty bracelet. The stones/beads are faceted & make it sparkle. Nice addition to one's wardrobe. Doesn't look cheap.
Loved these when they came in!!! I didn't realize there would be four necklaces. Exactly what I expected. Great costume jewelry, not high quality made, but perfect for casual outfits you want to dress up. If you have little ones, you'll want to be careful, they do break easily. I was straightening my undershirt and one of the chains got caught and popped from where it connects at the clasp, it was a quick fix though. I've worn two so far and they are the perfect compliment to any outfit.
Loved this kit. The only thing is I have no clue what each stone is so I haven't really been able to use them how they are intended to be used.
Pretty ear cuffs. My 14 year old niece was happy with them.
The unit is smaller than I expected, but it does the job. I would recommend hanging it on the wall if you have longer pieces. It really doesn't accommodate larger jewelry.
Great for the price. Better quality than I expected.
The larger studs are a little too big for my nose, but I bought this pack realizing that and with the intention to use only the smaller studs. They fit great, stay in wonderfully, and are exactly what I want. However, I'm giving this product only 3 stars, because the largest gem stud arrived with a noticeably crooked gem, another stud has a crooked top, and two of the round gems have popped out of their setting within just a couple days. These are the first replacements I have bought for my nose piercing and they don't irritate my body at all (and I have extremely sensitive skin on my ears). I do suggest these for comfort and fit, but quality is a little questionable.
This is a nice set of pearls. The colors were a bit too delicate for me - I wanted something that would pop a little more. These pearls are in the middle of the photo, next to a set of white pearls and a set of Bella De Mer multicolor pearls I already had. You can see that these pearls are not near as vibrant. I ended up returning them.
It's a noce custome and I liked the accessories. The straps are clear and auper cheap. One broke several minutes after my daughter put it on.
Really cute!!! But they are smaller than I expected.
Really cute but also really small. It barely clasps around my neck. If you have a thicker neck, I'm not sure it would fit.
The teeth are nice, but the necklace is a little small.
Beautiful cross but the top piece came tarnished which was a big disappointment because that was my favorite part about it
They were too small. They didn't close all the way so it looks silly.
It is an absolutely beautiful necklace. However, I thought the butterflies were stationary and stayed in one place. The glittery butterfly is a charm and it moves with the chain often so the two butterflies are right next to each other most of the time. I don't like how they look together so I was not happy that it was a charm. I may add glue to it so it won't move. It is a beautiful piece of jewelry though and worth the buy, but it won't look how it does in the picture when you wear it.
The diffuser bracelet didn't fit. The leather piece could be longer to accommodate a larger bony wrist. The chakra beads are great! A little tight for me but still workable since it's elastic. I would buy again for friends with smaller wrists.
Nothing wrong with it just received another one as a gift so returned
If you only want to wear this once every few days, it would probably last a while. But for everyday wear (nothing strenuous, just to work/ school/ home) it will only last about 6 months, give or take. The thread holding the beads in will inevitably fray (see other reviews) and beads fall off. I tried gluing but it doesn't look the same. So, because it's a reasonable price, I might buy it again but know it won't last very long. Wouldn't gift it.
Unable to get one of the backs to screw on. When I tried, the post bent. Too bad -- really wanted them to everyday wear.
Letters look great, should have better quality chains.
not bad quality but, the ring is small. I couldn't use it because of where my piercing is in my nose.
I bought this bracelet after talking with a friend about how it's helped her. I loved it and wore it daily. However, I have tiny wrists so I had to wrap it four times around, almost five. I noticed quickly that the elastic was stretching and the bracelet, within a month or so, wasn't great to wear because it felt too big. I don't know if there's a way to fix this or not, but it's unfortunate because I really loved this bracelet. I'll look for one that is shorter maybe.
Looked pretty cheap, but the idea is cute.
These are well made but way too large for me
Product is much heavier that I would typically wear.
Smaller than expected. Disappointed.
In the picture it looks as if the dome has a beveled or tapered edge. It does not. Also, there is no glitter or whatever those sparkly things are in the photo. The ring is fine, but I was looking for something more unique. Without those two features it's just like any other mood ring I've owned. Update: I've had it on all day and it's been the same golden color with a green ring around the perimeter. Not sure if that's normal...but odd that it hasn't changed or been one solid color all day.
Very pretty and seem sturdy, but I'm allergic to certain types of metals, and these unfortunately had my ears very sore and irritated, i thought platinum plating would be enough to block any reaction to the the metal underneath, but no such luck for me
This is not what I was expecting. Because of the ridiculously cheap price, I won't complain much. Just be aware that if you are looking for a classic, delicate and sophisticated looking chain, then this is not the right item.
Stones fell out after a few months. Had trouble finding contact info for the seller because the item wasn't no longer listed for sale. Once I got ahold of them they agreed to send a replacement.
I like the size and weight. However, the earring is a bit flimsy. It bends easily and the clip was very loose. Must be very careful putting them on because I feel they may break. Probably won't last long.
I honestly didn't like the bulkiness of the ring. The prongs that hold the stones stick out too much for my liking. Also, it's a very thick ring, so it definitely isn't good for wearing for long periods of time. My mom wanted to keep it because it does have a nice look.
Have to adjust bracelet often as fastener failed after a few days. Rest is excellent.
I ordered these for a friend and they said they are a little smaller then the size they claim to be but they still like them
It's very cute and adjustable but when trying to make it smaller, it won't stay! It kept falling off
Does not looks as nice in real life Looks cheap and contemplated returning but I took it out of the plastic and put it in a nice box as it was a gift
Seems to run small. But happy with the rings overall.
I purchased this item and received what is in the photo attached to this review. Pendant has potential to be nice quality and is heavy with a solid chain which is why I felt 3 stars is a fair rating. Would have loved to wear it but the enamel on the item is damaged. Message was sent to seller about the damaged enamel as it was made. Maybe a different enamel would turn out better. This one was a miss on quality of workmanship in the final steps and quality control checks/ customer service. Was hoping to exchange but will likely be returning if I don't get word back from the seller.
Cute smaller then expected jewelry is more for a toddler or small child but they are very cute
I thought they where a little bigger, but over all they work for me.
Cute but broke after about a month of wearing.
these are a lot smaller than expected. not happy with these.
I got a size 5.5 and it fit like a 7 or 8 probably. Other than that, it's super cute and good quality. It doesn't turn your finger green
I'm shocked at all of the good reviews . It's the reason why I purchased it . I wish I didn't actually! It doesn't lay right . The heart flips upward and doesn't lay flat . And the chain doesn't hang straight down it waves up on your neck . It's very small . It's pretty maybe for a child .. I gave it 3 stars because it's pretty at first sight 🤷🏽‍♀️
It is probably a good item, but the necklace it was to cover was lost by Amazon. They returned my funds easily.
The silver and rose gold colors are gone and it has turned my finger green really disappointing thought that description of ring would be a little more accurate.
They're cute, but the tops do fall eventually, no matter how tightly you attach the backing. They eventually look like the snakes broke their back.
The pendent looked slightly cheap & a little sloppy. Also is too tight for me so I'm not able to wear it.
I didn't get my package on time and then when I tried to contact Amazon all they did was send a message to the selling and they only repeated what was on my delivery updates. They need better service. I gave it a 3 star only because I think the ring is decent. Other then that I would have given it 1 star
9 inches is tight on me and i have thin legs
Some of them were damaged
Was super nice and I wore it daily. Broke after two months of use.
Quite heavy and hurt to put in. Looked good though for prom especially with multiple are piercings.
A little smaller than my expectation. However fit the bill.
The necklace was to short in back. I had to add links so it could fit.
Nice, long and unfortunately this came with scratches and i couldn't cover or do something to fix it.
exactly what we ordered. unfortunately the body of one of the unicorns (paint)fell out. and they get bent up easily.
These are very pretty earrings. They are a bit heavy and they do hurt my earlobes. I do have cysts in my earlobes so that could factor into some of the pain but I think even thought them the earrings would still be uncomfortable/hurt if worn all day.
Can't read the engraving, waiting for replacement Vox said they would replace its been about 3 weeks, still waiting. Other than engraving its comfortable and I like that I can take it off.
I was really excited for this piece. but as i opened it a crystal flew off. so the peacock has less feathers. anyway, i still tried it on. a little small for my ear. so I did return it. I would think it'd be a little sturdier for what i paid.
Came with the white and not the rainbow colour. I was bummed I had to pay more for the rainbow one, but still ended up getting the white one. Otherwise, they're great earrings and easy to use.
Pretty and fun but not functional without post on one of the earrings. :(
I ordered a rose gold for myself, but they sent a gold one instead. So I gave it to a friend
Very misleading. Model in advertisement shows the earrings much bigger. Much smaller and to me not worth $20. Shame on me, I should have paid more attention to the description for sizing. However the picture was still very misleading.
I thought the size would be bigger in terms of each individual chain loop. Apart from that, it fits well and looks great.
It is pretty, I got it for a cartilage piercing and it doesn't lay correctly. It is also too big. The detail is there but it's not as great as I was expecting Maybe for a nose it is better.
This is a very pretty bracket, but the beads are not as good of quality. Good for a kids bracelet.
This was cute and looked exactly like the picture BUT it fell apart in the first week. The larger charm detached from the key ring. I was able to fix it but maybe the company should use stronger split rings. Update: the seller was very nice and sent me a new one after the 1st on fell apart twice. I will be reinforcing it before it goes on my Husbands keys.
The chains look good. Although if you are a UK size 12 or your are a busty gal... some of the chains can seem a lil' too tight... Just doesnt give the same effect as if it drapes on you loosely. Plus cause they seem a bit fragile, I wont advise you wear those pieces that fit tightly or they may break easy. But then again, I already knew these were just for fashion and wasn't buying them for the long haul! They do look dainty and pretty and will use them for as long as they can last...
Broke easily after one time use.
Lasted about a month before it broke
The rings are very bulky and dig into my toes. I can't really wear them while walking around.
Nice product but chain already broke after a couple weeks and the edges are very sharp.
Pretty heavy considering the price so good quality I wasn't so much in love with it but it's a great gift
The black flakes off a little and I can't wear them continuously due to the thickness of them but they look good!
Very comfy bracelet, but engraving is already fading after only 2 months. Very disappointed!
I love how sparkly the stone looks at such affordable price. This has been my 4th purchase. Why? Because the stone gets loose in the setting despite how much care and caution I take. I emailed the seller to suggest soldering the stone in the setting for a more secure fit but we'll see if the next batch lasts.
Very small made of children ears
This is my second chain. The first one in silver discolored when I cleaned it, the silver came off leaving a dull gray finish. Thought maybe I should have been more careful cleaning it so ordered another one. This one is black where my neck touches it, don't know what to do. Really like the snake chain - heavy enough that it hangs nice, easy to adjust. I added a magnetic clasp since the necklace clasp is so small. Looks nice - quality not there.
This jewelry rack is great for studs, hanging earrings and long necklaces. However, it literally falls apart if you try to relocate it. If you anticipate needing to take it off the wall at any point, this is not the rack for you.
Very cheap feeling, good for a little girl maybe. Not for a older teen for sure.
These are super cute and you get a lot for the price. With that being said, they break so easy. They are good for a one time thing!
Their build quality is what you pay for. The large loops don't look that good, but everything is good.
Earrings don't click all the way, but good for the price. Also one pair of earrings doesn't open, it's stuck together (one on eight of picture).
These earrings are very cute but their sizing is off! I first ordered 10mm which were too big. Then 8mm which were the same size as my 10mm in a different style/brand. And THEN 6mm which were TINY. Smaller than a pea. Finally I've given up and I'm sticking with the 8mm, even they don't hug my ear like I want them too.. they're cute.
Can barely see the names on it.
Ordered 9mm got but its 8mm
Much smaller then I thought they would be, you can hardly see them on the ear.
I received two men rings. Mine fits perfect and I love how it looks. I'm returning the other and hoping I get the gift I ordered in the first place.
Cute. But really small
Was a different material than what I thought based off of the picture.
It came b4 time the rings are beautiful .
The ring is beautiful but mine doesn't have the 925 stamp on the inside of the band so not sure it's really sterling silver or not that's why I'm rating 3 stars. I guess if my finger turns green I will know and if it does I will update here to let everyone know.
Loved these earrings for everyday wear, thought they kept on coming off until I finally lost one.
Way too small, and the backs are hard to get on. Sometimes the backs Get stuck and I have to use pliers to pull them off. I wanted small earrings, but these are so tiny that I can almost pull the entire thing completely through the hole in my ear.
Super cute but the decorative pieces had fallen off before arrival. They are glued on.
I like this product but the rings are so much smaller in person and it shows up pinkish for the girls necklace on the screen and it comes in more of a gold color instead
It's a little smaller than I expected, but overall it's pretty.
The skulls fell off in less than 24 hours. We reglued them. They are very cool looking.
To small that what I thought But ok
The loops for your ears were green when they arrived. You couldn't use them for fear of hurting your ears. Disappointed. However the customer service was great. When they saw I had an issue they corrected it right away.
Fit way too big. My ears were healed and would fit other plugs but these would probably never go in unless I stretched in between the two gauges somehow. On the up side, they're pretty.
Exactly as described but they turn yellow quickly. They look like a scab on your nose where piercing is
They're matte, not shiny like I had expected. They're decent I guess.
Nice earrings for the wifey .
Looked tarnished in person. Returned.
The size was not correct. My usual size in my ring is 6.5 that was measured professionally for my engagement ring so I decided to order this ring to substitute for my Europe trip to prevent from the pick pocket-ers stealing my real ring. I ordered this ring in my size 6.5 but it was too big unfortunately. I wasn't able to return since I didn't have enough time to order a new one for the trip so I just kept it. It looks very similar to my engagement ring and I liked the quality of the ring especially for what it was worth. Thought it was a good buy overall except do get at least 1 size down than your usual size.
Haven't worn them yet look nice
I like the ring but it wasn't as sturdy as I thought. Very lightweight and gets bend out of shape easily.
This looks very cheap and not anything like real diamonds. It seemed to be quality, though, in that the stones were snug and it was shiny. Also runs incredibly too small. I ordered a size up and it was still too small.
It looks way smaller than I expected. It is more for the ladies.
I wore this necklace, along with a sweater since it's autumn and gets chilly. I guess the sweater worked too well cuz my body heat softened the necklace enough that it partially melted and my sweaters fibres got stuck in it. Now I have a pretty necklace that's fuzzy.
It is a pretty necklace and I figured out how to add the oils pretty quickly. However, the dropper that came with mine did not work well to pull oils out of their bottles to drop them into the diffuser. After many attempts, I was able to get a few drops of oils into the diffuser. However, I could not smell the oils unless I put the diffuser directly under my nose and then only for an hour or two at most. I am using very expensive essential oils (Young Living), so that can't be the problem. I had hoped to be able to smell them just by having hanging around my neck. I have only worn it two or three times, so I don't know how well it will hold up. I will keep trying, maybe with a different dropper if I can find one small enough.
I loved the ring, used as a fill in when leaving the country going on vacation. size I picked was too big, so had to order a smaller size. waiting on the refund on the initial ring bought is like waiting for rain in a drought. Plus cannot get in touch with anyone regarding my refund!!!
great ring if you like bling, only problem is one of the prongs is almost not even there and it snags on clothing. probably keep it, not worth the hassle of returning it.
Bought as a thumb ring. Is very pretty but it cracked in half the third time I wore it. It's on the thin side. The design catches on clothing and hair. Liked the look but can't wear it anymore.
I thought this was bigger. You can put small earrings and get 92 pairs on it but I generally have larger earrings. It will work for what I need so not complaining.
I wish they showed an example of the sizes on noses. These are waaaay to small. They actually go all the way through my nose ring hole. I'm afraid I might inhale one in my sleep to be honest. They'll do in a pinch if you lose your good ones.
Looks good, but the crown bracelet broke as soon as I put it on. Whomp whomp!
very cute but mine broke the day after i got it in the mail.
I got it and the pendant broke off of the necklace right away when I tried moving it back in place. I love the necklace though, I will glue it back together. All very pretty.
A lot of the pieces were very tarnished to the point they looked burned. Couldn't buff it out.
Looks prettier n more real in the pics but still cute
Shipping took forever, and its quite large, but other than that its a very beautiful bracelet
One isn't tied tight so the beads slide all over. Definitely big enough for a man's wrist. I love one of them, the other one is basically unusable, so I basically paid $10 for one. Maybe I'll take the other one apart and re-purpose the lava stones?
not much color unless the light hits it just right
The look is fine and what I wanted, but unfortunately already broke after the first day or two of wearing.
Not as pretty as pictured but nice, will wear it.
This broke in three weeks
Super cute saying but looks cheaply made in person and the string that it come on is short. Kinda bummed would've been the perfect gift but i'm sending it back.
Really cute bracelet, but took over 2 months to arrive, and after the promised date.
Wife loved it because it last forever!!
Great bracelet.. but the back label fell off shortly after we got it..
Poor workmanship. Stone is not centered properly, however it is a pretty ring so I decided to keep it.
Looks great but this type elastic design pinches arm hair, returned it.
Earring itself was really cute and daughter loved it but the back kept falling out. She was given these for Kindergarten graduation and 13 days after graduation it slipped off again but this time I didn't spot it in time and we lost it at a park. Needless to say tears were involved.
The earrings are beautiful YET 1 wouldn't stay on & it ended up falling off in the store so now I have only 1 earring left.
Good price and cute.
The color was completely different from the picture. I thought they were going to e more like a turquoise or aqua, instead they were kelly green...
Not what I ordered!!! Don't get me wrong I like it but I wanted the one with the balloon from IT in it. If they were out could have let me known first.
I gave 3 stars because I love the aesthetics of these cute earrings (they're the perfect size for my 4 and 6 year old), but the backs kept unscrewing despite getting replacement screw-on backs.
Like the chain. The cross looks inexpensive.
The pendant was nice but there was no chain.
It's not a bad looking ring. It does turn your finger green. It's also hard to keep track of the package one reason I think is cuz it comes over seas.
besides that it looks really good
Was very excited to receive this as how it's been a popular thing with other girls. The pearl ended up being an odd shaped oval. I get that it's a pearl and that it's not always going to be a perfect shape but the shape makes it very unflattering on your neck. I'd return it for a replacement but that's just too much hassle for me.
It's cute, but I would say this is more for teenage love than for adults.
The quality wasn't great. For the price I didn't expect much, but it could've been better.
It faded rather quickly
Not what i really expected, Don't get me wrong it's a nice looking ring, but it looks a little bit feminine , the red stones sticks out something real. If not for the cross, I would had sent it back, I'll have to get use to it,
It is sharp and isnt comfy
Breaks easily. Only lasted a week.
Quality good not what I expected not for everyday wear
Wish it was bigger. But nice.
Nice but cheap with in a month they do change color
The bracelet isn't bad but it is a lot larger than I had thought and it keeps coming apart.
The charms are so cheap looking. But I just wanted the chain. I broke off the charms. Their rings were easy to cut. They didn't feel like metal. But the chain looks and feels good. I hope it holds together when I load it with my own personal charms.
I really liked the earrings. I gave 3 stars because I was not a fan of the biggest pair they are not cute to me I will never wear them
I bought it as a gift for my husband he loves the the look but, it sometimes comes unclamped.It has fallen out several times and he wasn't aware of it.
Very pretty. Not happy it turns my ankle green!!!!!
They seem to be working fine. Only problem was one came broken which is the color that I needed to match my earrings. I am using the wrong color but overall these are a good buy
Purchased these for my 1 year old. They are bigger than I thought they would be. So I have not put them on her yet. I will wait until she gets bigger, since they would look out of place on her ears. They are very pretty though.
Very cute and dainty like I wanted. But December's birthstone is way off. Had it for a month and chain is already broken.
Makes my ears infected as soon as I try wearing them and my ears have been pierced for 25 years!
I got this as a gift for my daughter. She loves the way it looks and holds onto scent. The only dislike is that it rips out little arm hairs and hair from her head if it touches it.
Good looking but the diamonds look very fake.
Maybe it's me...I bought this for a middle-finger ring, and it's lovely. But a bit bulky for that purpose. I think it would be very nice worn on a ring finger, but it doesn't quite do it for me for the finger I desired to wear it on. That doesn't detract from the fact that it's a nice ring for the price. If I thought about it, I probably should have known it was a little thick. Don't let that dissuade you for your ring finger. It's my experience that this is just a little too much for an "accent ring."
The cross part is beautiful but the chain looked really cheapy.
Plastic backings...why?? You get what you pay for, but they're cute!
LOVE THE RING TO BEGIN WITH BUT THE BAND TURNED COPPER COLORED WITHIN 2 WEEKS.
Not happy with the product. Some items are plastics and some are glass color ball.
My personal opinion they were not as comfy as ecpected
Flowers were a lot smaller than expected. I'm a size 00
Very pretty. But the backings are definitely not sterling silver/gold plated. I immediately got an infection.
They are very pretty but the description says for babies and kids. They seem a bit big for younger girls. I'm not sure if I'll use them for my toddler....
What I expected for the cost. Nice assortment
Size is good for a lapel pin. Detail is also good. Only point of criticism is that the pin stability itself is weak. A safety pin would be even more sturdy but overall pretty decent.
These are very tiny and light, a matte finish as opposed to a shiny one. They are great for a very simple look, a second piercing or even for a child. For me, they're a bit too small. i didn't sent them back bc they were pretty cheap. That being said, you do get what you pay for!
Overall I like this item. It seems sturdy and it does what it's supposed to do. It isn't super pretty, the rims are a bit bent and it looks a bit messy but like I said, it does what it's supposed to do.
I really don't like these. Great price tho. They bend easily and are not nearly as sharp as I think they should be.
pulls the back of my hair
I saw a few people claiming the text was backward and I hoped I was lucky enough to get a good one. No such luck, my text is backward as well. My fiance doesn't mind much, but I feel like it cheapens the gift.
Disappointed. While the quality is decent for the price they're too long, thus have a gap from lobe to end of plug. I thought they were shorter.
I just received these today and one of the gems had fallen out before I even opened the package. All the gems actually look like their going to fall out, actually. I bought them for my tragus piercing and scared to use them. Will be returning them.
The ring that I received was not black, it is gray. Returned immediately.
It was so thin-walled that it broke underneath my gold glove, FWIW :-)
so so cute! I was so excited to receive this in the mail. I'm not sure if it's a packaging fault or whomever but it came broken so i won't even get to wear it. disappointing and a waste of 6$
When I first got them, I was really excited. I tried them on and I really liked them but they broke pretty easily. One of them can't close anymore and just dangles. The other broke from my sister so it's my fault. When you buy these, be extra extra! careful!
I did not look closely at the gauge and was not able to get hem in my piercings. They looked easy to get in because of the style but unfortunately I had to return them.
Shipping was horrible. 6 days later than what was promised. What's the purpose of paying PRIME membership if sent via snail mail. When I called Amazon, their customer service was superior and made it right.
I bought these believing that they were the bigger jewelry, man was I ever wrong. These are super tiny. If you are like me and have thicker skin on your pierced areas look the other way. These are not for you.
I really like this ring but its not as blue as the picture shows mine was more of a green color.. kinda disappointed in that way but other than that its really pretty and the sizing was right
Very cute , a little big
Really heavy. A bit too thicker than I thought they would be.
Over priced for the quality
Lava rock is smaller than expected
If you are expecting high quality for this price, don't. I have to use o-rings to keep these in place because they just don't screw right, and I had to use pliers to adjust the bottoms so they face the right direction when in my ears...but hey, they are really cute and a great bargain, and it's nice to have some dangle in my life again!
Like them but hurt after awhile due to weight
The ring has spilt in two. I would like to get a replacement??
Fast delivery good product
Like the earrings, just wish they were silver.
My wife love these, a bit small
PROS: Great seller. Delivered on time, nicely wrapped, in a pretty bag, inside a box. They were broken, which always a bonus when ordering jewelry from Amazon. They're pretty off your ears. They color is nice and they're not cheap looking or poor quality (at least the flower isn't, but the hook might be). Heavy materials if you like heavy hanging on your ear. CONS: The hook (for your ears was backwards), I had to fix them. No big deal though. They're very heavy for my ears, and that made metal hook instantly irritate my lobe. Once on, they hang strange, it's not a natural dangle at all... they're just clumpy looking on and the weight makes them both look and feel awkward. I will be giving them away.
sizing was good. the detailing was vague and the scalloping hurt my other fingers ...nice... but not enough..I returned it
Is ok but was only came with 2 bracelets instead of 3 and no paperwork
Great beads but overall the bracelets are too small. They become uncomfortable to wear after awhile.
The picture makes it look much prettier than it actually is. Dont get me wrong it is still a very pretty ring but it's mostly just a white opal, no where near the color advertised.
Bought these for my one year old. They are really cute in, but the screw back somehow comes unscrewed very easily. I have bought two pairs of these already, and we just lost another back this week. Id give 5 starts for cuteness. But 3 stars for functionality!
Fantastic bracelet; very pleased with this purchase.
I got complimented already. Style, color and concept is great. Hate that it tangles easily. It's fashion jewelry. As expected, color changer and can tell it's ok quality
These are really cute, however, I rated these 4. When completely screwed on, the flowers are not even on each side. I'd have to loosen the one end in order for them to match up.
I ordered for a friend who wanted them. She thought they'd be larger in size but theyre sturdy looking. It's costume jewelry
Not sure on these, they are a bit too heavy for my liking and the backs are very long. My daughter loved her pair but I don't know that I will wear mine.
So I've been wearing this ring for 6 months now. It looks amazing when it's clean but I feel like you have to clean it often for it to look good. For durability I still have all my stones however the metal the ring is made of is soft. I bent mine so there's a flat spot on it. I would buy the ring again, I love it and it's holding up great, I just have to be a little more gentle on my hands.
Cute summer time accessory with a beachy look. It's made out of a plastic type material, so you are getting what you pay for. The type of quality you would find at a dollar store. It is held on by a string material that I feel could break real easily if caught on something. but no sharp edges and is comfortable to wear. It's a pretty necklace and bracelet to add fun to any outfit. The only warning I would give is it is made for thin people. The bracelet and necklace are very small. To have a dangling effect as it should, it's only suitable for those with very small frames.
The states are dyed a variety of lovely colors, and are all fairly large. They arrived quickly, and were packaged efficiently. A few have flaws that I think might make them more fragile than I would like, but I am pleased with this purchase and would order them again.
So tiny! But I really loved that about these earrings!! But I ended up losing the both of them after a month or two which I was very sad about. The backs constantly fell off, which was it's only downfall.
Necklace is good quality. I wish there is an option for smaller pendant like 20mm, and 25mm.
These earrings are very very cute and super light weight. However, the post are SOOO sharp. I have an infant who loves grabbing at my ears so I can't wear these as often as I'd like. He would definitely hurt himself
Like the way they look while wearing them, but they are Very Fragile
The earings are much bigger than I had expected. I was hoping for something a little more dainty
my sister has bees. I gave it to her as a gift
Cute. It was cheap and came as expected.
My son loved this, hence the 4 stars. Product is made cheap, but for the price, you get what you pay for
Very cute, feels durable. Sterling silver. I wish the infinity sign was a bit bigger though sizing down so it can fit on a smaller finger!
Not the most stylish but works well got intended purpose and has held up.
Exactly as expected, maybe better.
Product as described.
Came in time very nice
These are not for long term, I have had to change out my jewlery for surgery. First night they came out. On some the backs were rough and on my lip piercing it cut into my mouth. These are more for single day use or you will be consistently trying to find the plug or replacing with if you have any extra.
They work great the only downside is they are like super long which I'm not a huge fan of but it gets the job done
Holds all my necessary information and is pretty easy to read. Band is a little bulky but it's not a deal-breaker. I like the silicone band; no issues with getting wet or dirty.
It was of good quality and my girlfriend loved it!
Very pretty. They weren't as rose goldish in color as I expected but they are still really nice for the price.
I really like this set and now having wedding rings I can wear when doing yard work or at the beach.
Love the size and the turtles themselves but the cord around them isn't that comfortable to wear and difficult to adjust
Very nice for the price. Not a full 5 because it makes my skin slightly itchy sometimes, but other than that I can't even tell it's there, it's so light. Just a casual glance you can't tell it's fake. This is a size 7.5, fits comfortably.
looks nice for an inexpensive pair.
it arrived early which is a big plus. however it isn't quite like the picture. instead of being straight the pieces in between the stars are curved and not in all the same direction.
I received mine today was a surprise for my husband for our anniversary, but it was 1 size too big. Im so upset have to send back and order a another one and wait. Ugh instead of. 9.5 i need a 9 which is the size he wears. Dau was ruined.
shipping took forever but it was worth it
The earrings were too long for my short neck, so I gave them to my hippie-chick pal and she loves them.
This other reviews are right, this ring does run small by about 1/4 size... I ordered a size 5 and it is the exact same size as my 4.75 sized wedding bands .... but for me, that was perfect bc I won't have to size it down, but something to be aware of, also the ring box it came in was all smashed and smooshed when it arrived and I could barely open the box up... the ring was fine and it worked so that's all that matters- hopefully the ring holds up
Pretty good! Average nose rings. 6mm was a little small for me but I should have known better. Would be cuter in someone with a smaller nose. Good mixed variety of colors
Very pretty but came with two large sections of scratches as if done by a machine. CZs are pretty and all are intact. Shiny and comfortable. Decided to keep since price is reasonable. Will update if stones fall out.
It is pretty, however, I only gave it a 4 star because, of the sizeing. This ring runs one whole size off. If you wear a size 6 then by all means order a size 7. It does not look like diamonds maybe because, it is not diamonds but, as for costume jewelry it is nice. Will it turn at some point? Probably but, check the price you get what you pay for. All in all not a bad ring.
My granddaughter loved it.
Great set of beginner beads or addition to everyday beads, in a nice little box with polishing cloth. They look and feel great!
Quality product, Nice couples gift. We wear them all the time when we miss each other, we look down and think of our other half :)
I purchased this to wear at my wedding. It looks very much like the photos, except the ones showing very white pearls. The pearls are definitely cream-colored. The bracelet sparkles and is very cute. As you can see in my photos though, my sparkles band was bent. It's not so bad as to make it unwearable, but it is noticeable in some angles. I won't return it, because otherwise it is great. My wrist is 6 inches exactly, and the smallest link is the perfect size. It can go big enough for me to slip it over my hand as well.
The product is pretty but the Beverly Oaks Certificate of Authenticity didn't come as stated in description
Ordered this ring for my soon to be husband! It's heavy and (to me) worth the price!
Very pretty. Runs a little big but still pretty
Beautiful! Very delicate. Hope it lasts.
I wish the ball was bigger but, it's a good tight ball. Just what I was after.
A bit big..tends to fall off. Metal is nice and inscriptions are lovely.
Love it. Just wish the chain was a little longer and stronger.
This product worked so well on my ring! After the first clean it looks brand new!
the rings are of good quality. However, they are too big for my liking. I am using them for my tragus piercing, and I feel I should have bought a smaller size. Yes, it is hard to put the closure in place, but it's doable.
It's very pretty. I love it so much!
I thought it was a mini urn to wear around the neck but its a beautifully personalized reminder of grandma.
Overall, I think the quality is very good for the price. The only issue I have is that the back is quite loose on one of the studs and I'm afraid I'll lose it sooner rather than later. Tried several other backs I had here, but none helped. Kind of strange because the back fits very tight on the other earring. Otherwise beautiful earrings.
I bought this as a gift for a friend. It showed up fast as expected, and it fit her ear perfectly. However, there was some difficulty with closing the clasp. Not that big of a deal but worth noting. Beautiful product, just like its picture!
This is exactly what i wanted! The only issue is like with any fake jewelry the gold part it comes off from the back neck area :(
Bracelets were nice. Wish both were stretchy. One was and the other was adjustable ..a little on the big side
It is so detailed! The coloring is perfect. I am giving this as a gift and feel very confident she will love it.
they are nice chains
I read the reviews before ordering and i got them and i really like them. Not as true to color as the picture but close enough.
Pretty chain offers quiet charm and just right thickness. It is somewhat shorter than I expected however but affordable enough to purchase another for layering.
Good for my costume-fast ship!
Stones fell out it's an inconvenience please work on adhesive.
Smaller than I expected but it works and its cute.
Just received this necklace which I had purchased for my 4 year-old granddaughter's birthday. I had looked at this design for awhile before deciding on this one from this company. It is absolutely beautiful and I know she will love it. All that said I was extremely disappointed in the packaging/shipping. It was in a tiny plastic bag which was dropped randomly into a shipping box with several larger and heavier items. A comparable necklace appears to have been presented in a small box suitable for gifting. I guess I chose the wrong one (and it was a few cents less).
I like the size and the beauty of each stone was given to me. I can also feel their energies that they are radiating off. The only thing that would have given this review a 5 star is because the Clear Quartz is missing from this set of 8 stones. EIGHT. E-I-G-H-T. Not seven or six, but eight.
I wear it everyday an it's been longer then 2weeks an it's still hasn't turned
I purchased these for my three-year-old twin daughters who just got their ears pierced, because I like the idea of the screw back. However, the post is just barely long enough to make it through the ear lobes, and so the backs are constantly falling off because there's pressure on them. They seem good quality and nicely made, just not long enough for that purpose. These are probably better for cartilage or other piercing areas.
lovely work very inexpensive
They seem a bit light and cheap, but they do look nice. The wife does like the design. The paper with the earnings say they are hypoallergenic, which is important for my wife. The little pouch they came with is pretty cute and perfect for these or other jewelry. I'm torn between 3 and four stars. All in all, for that price it's ok. I would probably recommend this for kids or teens who are just beginning to wear earrings. I gave it to the wife as a gift and I think she might like something a little nicer.
Looks authentic, the prayer hands are very large seems at least 4 inches long. The chain broke after a few uses with my nine-year-old
they are beautiful! but a little uncomfortable
okay product for the price
The inlay is protected by a thick layer of clear resin Well this is a very handsome ring and it matches my gray metal wrist watch I also realize that overtime the resin will be scratched and eventually will appear cloudy.
A nice ring but again huge the jewelry is definitely oversized from this manufacturer or rather exuberant it is a beautiful ring but it is large he covers your hands
I bought this set of earrings for my daughter, she loved it and so did I. I would give it 5 stars but the store doesn't shine as I would like to, however it's lightweight, delicate and well made.
I used this ring for whatever occasion I feel fit show some flare. The color of the gem itself is a dark mild red and the ring is sturdy and weighty. The size of the ring itself does fit however, not sure if its the weight of the gem or what houses it but the ring has a tendency to spin or tilt around the finger. The ring isn't prone to stay put, that said the ring is still a good ring.
Nice, with weight to it, which I like, but the opening is a little small and the design looks bigger online. I do not have a skinny wrist and the opening is where the tree of life design is. I end up scratching my wrist to put the bracelet on and take it off daily. But it's pretty and the bracelet keeps the oil off my wrist. Just wish they had different sizes and in silvers stead of steel.
Love it! Especially how it comes with the alternate tops
It's really nice and I plan on making it a template for other chokers
I really like this jewelry set. The pieces are beautiful and perfectly sized - the necklace is not so long that it hangs into my blouse, and the bracelet is the perfect size for me. The earrings are a nice size as well and all of it together looks really pretty. The only reason I left off one star is because there is no lead chain between the ending beads and clasp on the necklace, which I find makes it difficult to hook as the beads are in the way of my holding down the latch lever. It usually takes me several tries. I will also say that the bracelet fits me perfectly, which I love because I hate bracelets that are too long and fall over my hands. However, I have a very tiny wrist, so if you have a medium to thick wrist this bracelet might be a bit tight for you. All in all, the beads are beautiful and the set is very nice.
The chain is very nice but the clasp doesn't feel as substantial as the rest of the chain. I am slightly concerned with it breaking but so far so good.
Bought these for my mom and they are so bright and cute. Smaller than I expected them to be but still worth it
I love these. They are my new favorite. I ordered 1/2in and they fit good I think their just too long depth wise. If it was half the depth or even 3/4 they would fit so much better
They are a little to long maybe for older kids or teens.but very colorful.
They look nice seem well made hood deal for the price.
Thes are so pretty and appear to be good quality. I am going to give them as gifts at Christmas to my coworkers. The price was perfect. I needed 8 pairs.
Beautiful design, not heavy at all. I have a sensitivity to nickel, and had some mild irritation by the end of a 6 hour evening, but I haven't found any inexpensive earrings that don't do that (wasn't bothersome to the point where I wanted to take them off)
Just got it, but would wear it to church & other outings.
got some clips I was not expecting.
I love these earrings. They are super cute and fun for the spring and summer and will go with just about anything. I watched them for a while and then decided yes they are cute enough to spend $10.99. I wanted to love them but after taking the out of the box one of the tassels fell apart. Of course the tassels ate made of a thread like string but they ARE NOT poorly made. I do recommend that you give them a try. I returned mind and of course was a little nervous about reordering. I'll upload a pic if the system lets me.
Earrings are sturdy, not cheap. Nice variety.
Very pretty, petite post earrings. The stones have a lot of color and really show their fire in the sun. I gave these to my adult daughter as a gift. She loves thems! They look much more expensive. Personally, I like over-sized jewelry and would prefer an 8mm stone, but the 6mm are perfect for her.
good but light weight
Some jewelry I've preserved off of Amazon has been disappointing and looked cheap. I think, for the price, that these are cute. I love the combination of the two trends - tortoise shell and rattan. And there's a lot of rattan earrings out there that cost WAY more, so for something that is likely a fleeting trend, these are a great choice.
The only thing that I have an issue with is its hard to get on (i think the lobster clasp would have been a lot easier) but I pretty much keep it on all the time. The other small thing is, although I have not actually measured it, it seems like very short size 18 that I ordered it seems more like a 17 if there's a number or a very big 16. But I could be wrong, regardless though this is a really pretty chain and I use it for my cross that I wear all the time. So I would definitely shop honolulu jewelry again (by the way this is my second purchase of jewelry from them).
Beautiful earings but are not silver they are rose gold, pretty clunky and cheap material but still look very cute, I got many compliments
Honestly, at first I was a bit shocked at how itty bitty the circle is. It was much smaller than I imaged when I ordered, and initially I was disappointed. Then after wearing it a few times, this has become a staple in my office wear. It's simple, light, and quite flattering. I'm happy with it!
I purchased two Roman Style Crystal bracelets. The rhinestones have a nice sparkle. One bracelet was given as a gift and the other I kept for myself. Unfortunately, the bracelet I kept for myself fit around my wrist, but the clamp on it was too short to reach it's connection, therefore, the bracelet will not clamp close. I purchased a cute chain extension with rhinestones in it, which actually makes the bracelet look even nicer. That resolved the problem.
It looks great, feels great and love the chain and cross. When I was taking it off it dropped on my bathroom floor and the front peice of the cross fell off. Nothing a little super glue can't fix. Otherwise great product!
The color is a little different than it looks online but still nice. My son likes it, I got it for his birthday.
These were very very beautiful glasses. The couple we bought them for absolutely loved them. The first set we bought arrived broken- both stems! But Amazon was quick to send us a replacement. I would give them 5 stars if it wasn't for that!
Fun! Looks much like the picture. Could not believe you get two for that price. Fun, casual look with flip flops or bare feet for the the summer.
Material is awesome, but its a bit too shiny in my hand. Very nice bracelet non the less.
They are very nice size
The bracelet is nice, but it is smaller than I expected. Could use one more link. Also the lettering is smaller than I expected.
Over all very happy with this product. I lost my $120 jewelry and replaced it with this one. The stem is a little long for my taste but it's a great substitute. Not at all happy with the packaging so I rate this 4 stars.
A little small but it works.
My fingers have been shrinking for years. These rings at a 3.5 actually stay on my pinky. Singly they also keep size 4s in place as a guard ring. They look nice all together on my little finger.
They are cute, but they poke the inside of your nostril. It's also my first time wearing a nose ring, so it takes some getting used to. Looks good as well.
Love the sentiment and the design. Thought the size was a bit small- considering the crazy number of keys that come with an RV. Overall good quality. Would buy again.
I feel like these could be cheaper. Okay quality. Look very cute as nose rings or septum. Although even pinching it smaller I can't get it to stay in very long on my septum. I like the size, very dainty
Really nice quality of stones and pretty tassel. I wanted to love it, but I just don't care for the matte look. I prefer the smooth/shiny stones, so I am returning it.
They were cute and small but didn't fit through my nose and we're hard to get a good grip on it without it falling. If the ends we're longer they would have worked but not for me.
A bit bigger than I expected but they are cool!
She loved it. Has a bubble affect.
Pretty. Small enough so it doesn't end up upside down on my wrist like most bracelets do. Delicate and pretty.
They are fashionable and work. They help with your pain but it does keep it away. It just make it bareable.
Simple, good size, nice stainless steel cross necklace....not too small or too big. I ordered it to wear everyday, and being stainless steel, I won't have to remove it to shower. I am very happy!
I like that it fits well and represents true copper feel and look! I would recommend!
The purple is very dark - almost black. It's not as sparkly as I would prefer, but it's still a very pretty set.
Joey was a very nice and it look good
Comfortable and looks great on! Fits true to size, but does stretch slightly.
Came in a little box, very sweet. Loved it and so did he.
value for money looks really cool and gives a glow to the face
it's not as colorful as I expected but it's pretty and sparkly
So far they look very pretty and very shiny has long as they last they will be great they are Christmas gift
Very nice! The color is excellent ❤️
I like how it looks on my ears, just not how long that back of it is. Other than that, i really dont have any complaints... just complements lol
Very nice and fits good
Very attractive and discreet. I have mine hanging on my rearview mirror in my car so I can have a small piece of my childhood cat with me on my travels. Like other reviewers said, this doesn't hold barely any cremains at all, especially when its a pet because they don't grind up the ashes post cremation so there are still small bone fragments which made this a pain to fill.
The actual string that holds the pendant, after about a month of owning it got really weak and sticky, so I had to find a new one.
Good quality for the price
kinda big and long earring, cute and great quality!, loved it!
they're a bit long but very cute
Cute. I figured the chain would be cheap and need to be replaced and I was right however the charm is fine. Worth the few bucks.
Super big hit with our bride. Lots of fun. Fairly heavy and well constructed. Need a fair amount of hair to apply.
Absolutely beautiful and shiny, the only problem is that it came with a scratched surface and missing a stone. Nothing too noticeable so I'll skip a return. Also on a side note... new Fiancé loves it!
Really nice and lightweight. It is not that adjustable and falls out easily though. Easy to lose. However, they do look realistic and cute!
The only one that fit my nose was the smallest. Maybe i have a weird nose. After a few days it got so infected i almost just took it out completely and not put my old one in. I you have sensitive skins, don't wear one for more that maybe 3 days at MAX. But the rings do look super good. 4 stars because i can only use 1/3 of them
It is a well crafted leather bracelet. From how it was weaved and stitched, I can tell it will last for a long time. As its clasp maybe unique or newer in style, you have to practice locking it for several or even many times. It's tricky, and sometimes in my case, it gets irritating and frustrating. It doesn't slide as easy as one may think. You have to find the right angle or what. If not for its sliding lock thing, I would have given a rating of five star. Oh and by the way, it comes with a very nice pouch and box, making it an ideal gift for all occasions. I will be buying two more as gifts, but obviously with a different style.
I gave my daughter the necklace and the earrings. She was stunned by both. The necklace would have been a five-star rating except for the clasp which was difficult to figure out how it works and difficult to do without help. The clasp seems flimsy and may require a jewler to replace with a sturdier clasp.
i like the kit and it worked well but I thought it was a little over priced.
I bought for being able to sleep in them. I really I like them.
Really pretty and well made, except for the clasp which is so small and oddly placed, it's impossible to put on by yourself, without turning it around.
I think these rings are so cute!! For some reason my bellybutton piercing is pretty long and normally takes longer rings but these worked for me. So if you have the same problem I do, these are good. I haven't tried to short ones but the dangling ones haven't broke or anything yet.
Not bad just that they looked bigger in the picture guess I need to read the descriptions better
The size was perfect, not too big and not too small.
Very shiny and nice. But you get what you pay for not big. All in all a nice anklet.
I didn't have the highest expectations. I was pleasantly surprised about how well it looked. It was a gift and it was well received.
Necklaces were great. Great quality!
The screwback on one of the earrings did not work properly and came off. These should come with more than 2 backs so they can still be used if the product is defective.
The flower pieces are decorated on both sides which is rare and greatly appreciated! However, mine is not long enough to make it a triple strand. It's worth $17 though, every bead is great quality!
Very pretty and look like they are expensive
Beautiful and nice quality. Will adjust to fit a larger wrists. The aquamarine stones are quite pale in color, but still very nice.
came in smaller than expected but still does what it's suppose to
My cousin really like his gift
I love my necklace and that I can keep my mom close to my heart.. The only issue is it doesn't stay turned to the front it always flips to having the back faxing out..other than that I'm very pleased..
Great value. Thicker than I expected.
These earrings are very pretty, sparkly and lightweight. The color was a little too dark so we had to return it since we were looking for something in royal blue.
Recieved these today, and immediately tried on the rose gold one. It was easy to open and put on and a little difficult to close. At one point I thought it was closed but it wasn't. So far it's good, hopefully it stays on throughout my shift at work without issues.
These little plastic circular ring sizers are interesting. There are several different sizes to add to your ring. A little goes along ways. I find myself playing with them. They do try to be unwind while on your ring, but that could also just be me messing with it. Good for temporary use until you can get your ring sized, plus these don't scratch your your rings. I would buy again.
Like my bracelet it's worth it went in the pool with it never turned or get dull. Very strong
Very pretty pice of jewelry. I got this as a gift for my sister, so I don't know if it is hypoallergenic, which is why I can't give it 5 stars.
It's beautiful but it is small and I can't even wear it so it'll be going back. I have an average size wrist but it is obviously made for much smaller wrists
I thought the gem would have been a little better quality but it was rather inexpensive.
Just as is in the photo. Just takes a while to receive.
it arrived faster then i thought, it only took like 2 weeks. I immediately put it on and to the touch it has good quality, i don't know about how durable it is, but if you properly care for it, it will probably last.
Was very happy to finally see my name on one of these!!! The product was great -- came on time and was a very good quality for the price. Item looked great and was exactly as described in the posting. The only issue I had with it was that the chain that it comes with is a little bit short and there is not a possibility to change the chain to a longer one because they are attached. Would definitely order again.
Very pretty & dainty. The clasp is impossible to close without a second set of hands & it's missing a bead for Pluto.
My daughter loves her bracelet.
I can't speak to its suitability as a magnifying glass (that's not why I bought it), but it's a pretty little novelty, and was a nice addition to my Halloween costume.
The gold is great quality. The diamonds are obviously fake- don't have any shine to them, just look like clear crystal. But a pretty ring and fits as expected. Very dainty
Great but didn't send the ones that are pictured. But over all they were all great so couldn't really complain
Think you for that 😍
I like this, great concept BUT these have an opening that is so big that when you use the hair band you are using the bracelet to hold, the bracelet doesn't stay on the wrist. Just squeeze it closer you might say, but it's steel and very VERY hard to adjust. Second problem is it's difficult to get the hair tie on with one hand. Because of the shape, you can put the hair band on it first and then slip it on, you have to put it on the wrist first and then try to get the hair band on it which sometimes makes me feel very special indeed.
I love the screw back. I just wish they were a little longer. Great quality!
These are much bigger than I realized and sort of hang down. They don't lay flat against my ear. Not terrible, just not quite what I expected. Shiny and pretty though!
Such a cute ring set. I love how unique it looks. Had it for a few months now and I never take them off. No diamonds have fallen out. My finger isn't green or anything. They're a little bent but nothing to bother me by. I enjoy them.
I wasn't sure about the double band at first but after wearing it several times, I like it. I get a lot of compliments from people. I like how easy it is to take the top off and add the essential oil drops.
I love these earrings but I have a hard time screwing the back into the ball end. Other than that they are awesome!!!
It was exactly as described
My fiancee and I both love dragons and we were completely in love with the design of these two pendants. The chain is, as with all other reviews, an issue, but easily remedied by replacing it. The glow function is nice but not necessarily a make-or-break issue for me, as we are replacing those beads with tiger eye and other natural stones to suit our tastes. It took me a bit to actually get over the material that these were crafted from as it felt a bit light at first but then i remembered that I commented to Shawn (my fiancee) that they were bound to be for young people and not for adults. When we got them, my concerns were only confirmed. However, the saying goes, buyer beware. That is not to say that this is not a great product. Both pendants look amazing!! I just had to get over my initial reaction to their material craftsmanship. The cost vs material had not sunk in, yet, and when it did I was quite happy. My fiancee and I sport them often with our respective stones in them to weigh them down.
I bought this several months back and have worn it daily. Probably not the best of ideas as I do lots of manual labor and it's pretty much soaked in my sweat every day. Came stiff, but naturally softened up after a while with regular wear. Only now had a snap disappear but again, I wear this DAILY so I knew it would happen eventually. Comfortable after breaking in and good for the price.
Nice earrings, but the picture is decieving. The earrings are a pure white, picture looks tinted blue somewhat. I returned because of this, but if you are looking for ure white hey are nice. Star is removed for this and the fact that the stem is rather weak. Just removing the backing, the stem seemed to bend.
Came a little too big. Otherwise, very nice ring, comfortable fit, very sturdy, and handsome.
Pretty much satisfied overall. Some pieces seemed a little cheesy looking or cheap feeling but on a scale of what was good the duds didn't even compare. Worth the price.
Looks cheaply made. You get what you pay for.
Love it for accessorizing a casual outfit.
I am happy with the purchase. The product arrived on time, was of good quality and properly engraved.
This was bought as a gift and she really liked it because it was orange
This was beautifully presented, but a bit smaller than I anticipated. My daughter, however, LOVED it!
Nice gift. Purchased for a teachers assistant so the saying fit well.
I liked the size and the vibrant colors! I love that I can wear these to work or just a casual day out!
These needles were very precise and well made. The durability was good even on the smallest of gauge. The only issue is the package for each needle was difficult to open, and varied between sizes. I had to cut most open, and not able to pull apart.
Good deal for price. Not going to last long but were cute for pictures I took!!!
they are good chokers
Very cute. The back kept coming off and making the earrings pop off. I'll try with different backs.
Great quality, only dislike was it took to long to arrive from China.
I love this bracelet! It fits snug and looks great!
looks great with most of my silver earrings that I put in the same hole
Nice for the price, a little smaller than it looks in the pic
Not bad just a bit small but I do have a larger nose so maybe that's why.
Simple, sturdy and looks great!
I love these, but I have to get my boyfriend to tighten them. I am afraid they will break eventually, tugging at them. Other than that, super cute.
This necklace is very pretty. MUCH larger than anticipated though. The picture with the model wearing it is quite misleading.
They drop product by your door
It is Good and shiny. I like the locket finish, smooth and even. The locket is not that small as I have expected. It is of similar size as of Dime. and half the size of quarters. I bought this for my mom, and she loves this. She was happy that this product is neither too big to grab all the attention no too small to go unnoticed. Love this one !!!
Really beautiful but I bought the wrong size so I won't be wearing it :/
I am giving this a 4 because although it is cute, it isn't as big as i thought it wouldbe. With it being smaller, it hard to read the words engraved in it. My mom liked it but my son had to read to her what was written on it
This one is OK,. But too small ,too difficult to get ink
Awesome. Have worn for a while and has not turned my finger. The stone is still secure. The ring is Large but I do recommend it. I receive a ton of compliments
Cute but can be hard to post in the back . At least.you won't lose backing !!
Good jewellery for my helix. Giving four stars because the picture is misleading, I thought it was going to be a pair.
My daughter loves it
it made a great git for xmas
Name plate is very cute. Chain attached is very flimsy. Looking into a better chain
When I received the ring one of the stones was wrong, which could have been my fault. But I messaged the seller immediately after realizing and asked that the problem be fixed. The seller replied quick, and assured me that they will fix the problem. Which I great because I bought the ring for my mom. Wonderful problem solving on the businesses part. The ring is beautiful and I'm excited for it to be fixed so I can gift it to my mom.
They work well and are good quality as far as I can tell. The only complaint i have is some tapers vary a bit by size. Specifically when I was trying to stretch with the 14 g (my first stretch) one of them was bigger than the other. Took me awhile to notice and didn't make for a good first experience! Photo: the right taper is slightly bigger than the left. Doesn't look like a huge difference but believe me you can feel the difference.
Beautiful sparkle! I wore it on a cruise and got several compliments. I accidentally left it in my vehicle hanging on my rearview mirror in the Texas heat and it broke apart from the chain to latch it. I attempted to push it back in, but I don't know if it will hold.
The only reason I didn't give a 5 is because the elastic constricted a bit. I am medium boned, but the bracelet seemed to be made for a smaller person. Was glad to remove it at the end of the day. It looks very classy, though, and vanity won out over comfort and I wore it all day. Love the rose gold features and the multiple strands of beads. A suggestion might be for the manufacturer to create different sizes.
Adorable and seems to be more durable than most toddler rings
The product is good but the package came open. I don't know what is happening. This is the second time that my packages come open. I asked the mailman but he didn't know what to say
I ordered this locket as a replacement for one that my 5 year old wore every day. The rose gold is adorable and she LOVES the pink crystals around the edge. She's been wearing it every day for a couple of weeks and it seems to be holding up fairly well, although there are a few viable scratches already. The chain is a perfect length and also has an extended so it can grow with her. I would prefer had there been a snap in frame or even a lip inside to hold the photos in, I had to use double sided tape to make sure they don't fall out. I don't think this will be a long term locket being worn every day, but it's cute and my daughter loves it so I can't really ask for more.
It's pretty good I slept on it it's decent and didn't turn my neck green good! But I should of got a bigger size
They are very cute, I loved them and every one who saw them. The only catch is the packing, I was hoping they come already hooked to the stopper and attached to a paper holder, or each pair in a separate bag.
Nice and sturdy, but abit on the small size , wish they were thicker and bigger beads, overall nice and pleased .
I wanted earrings I could sleep in as one of my ears constantly closes up. Only 4 stars as the screw back is SO hard. My husband has to put them on for me. Tip.. Don't stand close to the sink when you put these in. You WILL lose one down the plug hole.
very cute bracelet, my bff loved it as do i. the only thing that upset me was the beads fell off where you adjust the bracelet after a day of wearing it. other than that very simple & cute
It bends easy...not the most sturdiest bangle. It IS hollow. Although, It is a cute bangle and you can stack it up or just wear it alone. Very light does not weigh down your wrist at all.
My only complaint is that the center stone is a little loose. It wiggles just a bit. Hopefully it won't fall out. For the price I will wear it and see how it holds up. True to size and very sparkly.
Love these but they are bigger than what I imagined
Cute ring as accessory
I bought these to put in my second piercing in my ears. It has been a while since I wore earrings in these piercing... I'd say a few months. Man... they hurt my ears. I think it is because of the thickness of the bar. I have been sleeping in them for the past 4 nights and my ears still hurt. I may just end up taking them out to be honest. They did screw in just fine at the back and I really like the design. Apart from that there isn't much to say about the earrings.
Super cute! A little hard to get the piece into the back of the hoop but they are easy to bend on the thinner part so you can make it easier to get into the back, love these!
Beautiful pair of real pearls. They are pretty and a nice size for a teenage girl. They are not the perfectly round ball-type pearls...a little like a squished ball? But still, very pretty
These were for my grand daughter for Valentines Day she loved them
It was a little larger than I anticipated for the finger that I wanted to wear it on but it was a good purchase. Still able to wear it which is important.
Pretty amazing my girlfriend loves it, the chain is sturdy enough and hasn't broken after 4 months. The locket opens and closes easily.
Works well hold the scent well but it does deform rather easily.
The items were just as shown nice but a bit small
Great for meditation & keeping me centered. I charge everyday. Many compliments.
Super cute, but not for everyday wear. Very fragile. They came in a box and the studs were bent on both earrings. Was easily bent back but they are very flemsy.
I bought this for my 15 year old grandson. He loved it until he went into our swimming pool and the chain turned copper color.
As pictured, timely delivery.
I like it.... A bit longer that I anticipated.....
Cute! A little lighter than pictured, but light-weight and comfy.
It's a lovely bracelet especially for price. It's a little cheaper made than some other alternative bead bracelets on the site. Good for the price.
Its smaller than wey i tought but its nice, fare for the price
I love them, they are not heavy at all, they are exactly what I was looking for. I am very pleased with my purchase.
Nice graduation gift! It's smaller than expected, but still not bad for the price. Great gift and decent quality.
Pretty, sparkly, good quality!
It really gets people's attention and goes well with a lot of clothes
Better quality than I thought. The leafs actually face forward when you tighten them on the bar.
Beautiful design. Has a good natural weight to it. Can be worn with either side of the symbol being shown. Could be a little larger in diameter.
Love the design. A little lighter weight than I had expected but still very happy with this.
These are really cute!! Then one set I thought would be metal but they aren't, they're plastic but I mean for the price you can't really beat it. You get 18 pairs of gauges. These did a lend up being to small for me 😕
A bit difficult to get to stick to where I want on my ear but I love the design otherwise :)
Both pieces are ‘soft' so easy to put on and remove. The smaller of the two is not joined at the back and feels sharp so it might dig into your ear.
Very easy to use for a first time piercer! Earrings went in exactly where I marked the ears.
This has a nice grip and I like the fact that it has the stun strips also on the side. Could be a little longer though in my opinion.
I will have to replace the chain. The chain looks like the length is for a child.
Bought this for my daughter and was pleasently supplies it comes in a cute gift box. Quality of the charm was good and chain didn't feel cheap. Great gift idea!
One of them was way too short, but the rest were cute and fun!
The color isn't as rose gold as the picture but still cute.
Loved them but they kept getting messed up and would go sideways (so it looked like a fish). I will definatley wear them again though!
Cute necklace I purchased for my daughter on Valentine's Day quality resembles price, my daughter loved it
It's great for the price, the chain isn't the best strength.
Cage opens unexpectedly sometimes, but no big deal. Item is beautiful and serves it's purpose.
This necklace is very pretty. The cross is a bit larger than expected, but this adds to its uniqueness.
The ear rings are very pretty, look reasonably durable and my wife really likes them.
Good quality for the price. Not something I would wear everyday because it will tarnish faster. Definitely worth buying to wear on occasion.
Love these earrings for spring and summer. Quality is not great though. The gold discs are super shiny, but the rattan is beautiful! They have broken once already, but I will repair them myself so I can enjoy them throughout the summer.
Only wear two times an it change
My Aunt loved the bracelet as always with Alex and Ani, I would've gave it 5 stars but this item does not come in the box! I had to grab an old one of mine, it comes in a baggie
These are more realistic looking than I expected. The posts are a little long though so they droop on the ear a bit.
i love it. fits on my wrist nicely. i just have to have someone help clasp the chain but other then that is great even without doesnt fall out my wrist. its really much prettier then the pictures. really well made. its not bulky its not simple its pretty and fancy. i love it! my friends who stop by love it too. its a show stopper.
Very nice but arrived late.
I love this necklace - the price was too good to pass up. It is trendy and sweet. My only complaint is that the gold coloring has tarnished/faded - but for the price, I suppose you can't expect Tiffany-quality!
It looked as good as the real studs.
So far so good. Quick shipping, very pretty stones. I had to file the posts lightly with an Emery board to smooth them but it was no problem.
Bought this as a gift for my husband. He wears it all the time but can't tell yet if there has been a benefit.
This is pretty and delicate bracelet
it is a really nice piece and the main choker seems very well made but the chain on the end is held on with links that are way too soft and bend open causing the choker not to be tight around the neck (my GF has a very small neck) I have had to fix it 3 times and it may need to be Soldered . If you aren't handy this could be frustrating.
The packaging is phenomenal. Perfect for gift giving. It's so apparent the care that goes into the product. I love the necklace. The only concern I had was the small clasp but after a couple of times wearing it I'm used to it now. I'll need to get an extender but that doesn't seem a problem as the owner clearly states to email her about needing length. I plan to buy from EFY TAL again for gifts and for myself.
When it arrived it was everything I was hoping for and more thanks guys
Good quality and holds well, looks very nice.
Very nice quality. I purchased this bracelet to accompany another silver bracelet to give it a layered look.
Lovely and dainty. I used it as a bracelet first time.
Very nice . I really liked it just wish I would have gotten a larger one .
Super cool for price but won't hold up too long
Beautiful sparkly earrings perfect for my 3 year old. She loves them. The backs could be a bit more snug but way better than others I've purchased and returned.
This bracelet is very pretty. The purple color is bright. The bracelet seems to be of good quality and sturdy. This was purchased as a gift, so I haven't worn it personally. The box it comes in is very nice as well. However, please note, the front of the box says "For my lover" or something of the sort. So, unless you're giving it to your lover, it's a bit awkward. We were giving it to my sister in law for her 50th birthday, so I had to cover up the front of the box with a sticker.
Knocked off points because they were munch smaller across than anticipated, couldn't wear in my ears. However, was able to use the middle size for a tasteful looking septum ring.
Very cute and subtle little wrap but difficult to get in. Must go from behind to get them placed like the picture. Spent 20 minutes trying figure it out but love them and can't wait to show them off!
Nice earrings, but pretty big/long.
A little bit small. But good enough for my baby.
Beautiful! Looks as they did in the pictures aced packaged carefully.
Liked but need better Way To Size Rings I Had To put tape on
Interesting and Different looking earrings for that person who likes unusual things. These are great! They were bought as a gift and were a hit.
I am glad that I bought, I like how it looks on me.
These earrings are nice and sparkly. Would definitely recommend.
I've ordered two rings from this company. I like them a lot.
Basically these looked perfect and stayed well put, I'm so happy for the price. Negative: the posts are a little larger than normal earrings so fitting them through my ear hole back to front as required was difficult and a little painful. Zero complaints apart from that, completely fooled my friends.
It's beautiful and looks authentic. It lost a point because it was too small and was choking my wrist.
Looks pretty close to real. Ordered this as my travel ring. It's looks just like my real diamond. My only issue that it's a little too big. I haven't worn it yet so not sure how it will hold up.
Beautiful, but way too big, and I took the recommended size of the size chart...
I like the brown and blue earrings. The gold toned was just ok.
Thought they were bigger. I like that the posts are silver and non irritating to my ears.
very cute, on trend necklaces. some are attached and some are separate pieces which is a little annoying. some look a little cheaper than others and i definitely have favorites that i pretty much only wear. overall they do their job, would purchase again.
It was nice while it lasted. Chain broke after only 2 days. I fixed it but it was annoying.
The chain is pretty and delicate looking. i bought the 30' which falls right under my bar. It holds a large pendant so it is strong. I have only had it for a couple of weeks so I am not sure about longevity but the quality seems pretty good.
I'd give it 5 stars if it didn't fall out of my daughter's ear and she lost it. :( They're adorable and so pretty.
It was a little bigger and heaver then I thought but not bad
ok a bit big and gaudy
I bought this to organize my watches, I'm a watch collector and have over 20 watches, unfortunately, most of my watches have clasps and the holders are too big to actually clasp them so they're just hanging there dangling. I was able to fit the adjustable watches on there but even those had to be fastened on the last hole. Wish the rods were a little smaller. I made it work though.
Very small posts. But other then that they are Very light weight and Very pretty.
This is such a pretty, delicate, versatile piece & I love it! Only flaw- the clasp kind of tickles the back of your neck, so it takes a little getting used to. At any rate- I'd definitely buy again!
Nice little ring that I would buy again. Very pretty, have had people ask if it is my engagement ring and say they thought it was a diamond because of how it sparkles and shines. I gave 4 stars because I thought it was supposed to have a rose gold finish...it doesn't. It's silver. I like silver, just not into false advertisement. So, if you're just looking for a really cute ring that is true to size, it's a good purchase. It's just not rose gold.
I love these earrings! They are lightweight and comfy!
Very nice lightweight chain when you just need something simple for a beautiful pendant. Would buy again and in different sizes.
I bought it for my older daughter representing she and her little sister, is the perfect gift for something like this. But when I open the box a smell of SUPER GLUE went out... I saw some stains of glue in the hearts and I tried to took a picture of them. This is my only concern...
Great durable material. Not as flimsy as others, but still flexible. Because silicon does tend to stick to your skin more than a regular ring, I would opt for a half size bigger.
I purchased a similar bracelet for a teenage girl's baptism gift. I saw this and wanted it for myself. It's very pretty.
Bought this for my boyfriend & he loves it. It's not as good if quality as his larger, stationary ones, but it's still good. I'd not too bulky & keeps watches protected while traveling.
Very good price for very strong and easy to use chain.
This necklace is a gift for my fiance's mother. I was very impressed with the way it sparkles!Absolutely beautiful! Hope she loves it :)
Very nice, just as picture.
Every thing is great I just wish the tunnels were a bit softer
I stopped wearing earrings because I'd have to take them out every night since the backs would stab me. These are exactly what I was looking for. I don't have to take them out now and are suoer comfortable. 4 stars because the shine is slightly less than when I bought them but still pretty.
Beautiful! But heavier than I expected.
Just wish it had something on the back to prevent the earrings to shifting all over the place. Other than that, it's great! 9/10
If I could give more stars I would...The necklace I ordered is perfect and it came with a beautiful package ready to be given as a gift. I will definitely order again, you can definitely see the time that this company puts into their product to make the customer happy.
lil small for men 8. Look nice
Looks nice. I bent one of the posts trying to put the backing on. I was able to bend it back & can still wear them.I'd probably buy these again.
I'm not able to give a wholeheartedly review because this is a gift for someone else. The earrings are pretty and attractive. They seem to be constructed well.
A tiny bit smaller than I expected but still beautiful(:
Beautiful sparkle....look like the real thing! Just wish they were bigger
Long lead time and the chain is too short.
Beautiful set! One of the items came off the necklace in the packaging but nothing that some hot glue can't fix.
Absolutely beautiful in person. Not pleased with how it lays on the wrist. Where the gems are is solid so that it doesn't lay flat. It would be great for a very petit wrist....say a teenager.
I got it for me. The color on one side, on a dragon's head is orange-ish. Not like copper, though. I don't know what it is.
The ring is beautiful and nicely made, but it is not what I am looking for so I am returning it.
I was really impressed with this set. It looks great on my 13 year old. So far, it has not turned her neck green and she only takes it off to play sports. I think I hit the jackpot with this one.
I love these earrings. The only problem is the silver color wears off over time. I am on my second pair after about a year of use.
I wish it was half a size smaller
I like almost everything about it except it is too tight to fit on my ear cuffs. That's why it's 4 stars and not 5. Thin threader so it threads smoothly and painlessly. This is my 2nd pair as I lost one earring (got tangled in my hair and somehow fell out) of my first pair :(:(
Very nice, but it was very thin. I thought it would be thicker. Still love it.
They look great. I like them and so does my wife.
The products inside are perfect but the company placed tape on the box to keep the lid from opening. When removing the tape it completely stripped the finish, which also destroyed the logo on the front. This was disappointing and makes the box look cheap and ugly. Maybe use shrink wrap in the future to keep the lid from opening during shipment.
This is a nice lightweight bracelet with very cute gem stones. I like it because my wrists are bigger and the rolo chain come with an extension chain so it was perfect for me. Not a fan of the lobster clasp but it's a great bracelet for the price.
Would have loved to give 5 stars but this stud set was not vibrant of bright for me. For you guys that buy this set, it the perfect size, you don't need to use any piercing instrument unless your ears already pierced, just with the back posts of the studs poke a pen point and you be able to wear the studs with no problem, wish the gold-set Stud set was the same size as this one.
I've have it a couple of weeks. It's still holding up really well. I don't wear it 24/7. Only when I'm going out and I take it off when I'm home.
Love these earrings. They look so good. My only issue is that they fall down sometimes.
I thought I ordered a half size smaller but when I received the order it was actually a little too big for my husband to wear
Was smaller than expected.. Other than that- its great.
Damn, do you get a lot of plugs here. I literally bought these for only 3 pairs I think, but they give you a whole bunch. I only really wanted the silicone ones, and they have a good thickness to them so they won't fall out. They're not super thick, but far from thin. I wouldn't really recommend the plastic tunnel ones, they're pretty cheap and the threads on them aren't very good. Even just playing with them, a few were difficult to screw back together, let alone if you were trying to do it blind in your ear. The colors are vibrant and interesting though, particularly the green (fav color).
Comfortable wear but it has a tendency to snag things and the metal bends easily. That's great to ensure a good fit but I have to keep bending it back.
I like the pathway the earrings look and feel.i think this is a good buy.
The bracelet was lovely. I got it for a Friends birthday. Only problem was it came in bronze instead of silver and I had no time to returns still nice and nicely made
These are super cute and actually don't bother my sensitive ears at all. I love that you can remove the lotus backing and just wear the bar studs alone for a more simple look. My only gripe is that the lotus shape is not symmetrical and that each piece is identical. I would have preferred if each piece was a mirror image of the other to create a more symmetrical look while wearing the pair. They look slightly lopsided on my small earlobes because the variation in the leaf sizes is noticeable. It would be great if both the front and back of the lotus were smooth versus the back being textured so that they were interchangeable.
I really like how this ring looks. I ordered it to go along with the rest of my rose gold jewelry. Sadly it is a little big for my pinky although I did get a size 4. All the diamonds are intact and very pretty :). Would recommend this ring for stacking or for a quick little sparkle to add to an outfit.
I love the pendant itself and the fact that it came with charms.
Nice set of bracelets, I have big hands and wrists and these fit just fine.
It was almost perfect but I liked it so much that I wore it every day and the chain broke within a month :(
Very nice earrings. Don't look cheap or flimsey . Nice size. I bought a pair in blue as well.
Nice bangle to wear with other bangles.
Fits well and made well. Could be a little bigger but I have big wrists
Company with integrity that stands behind product- will defiantly do business with them again.
Nice piece. Bar is a too long for nipple
Nice quality piece of leather.
While it is beautiful it's not quite as pictured. The colored stones are very light, almost pastel and don't really stand out. Still, it's very bright and shiny and I do like it.
Fine product, acceptable quality, reasonable shipping time.
Got these because my holes were starting to close and I need to keep them in 24/7 for a while. They are comfortable but hard to put in yourself. Took me 20 minutes to get 3 in. Some backs were on too tight and it took forever to losen them. Hard to tighten down once in. With that being said they are cheap, nice looking and haven't caused irritation. My ears are very sensitive. Would buy again. I cleaned them with peroxide before and after I put them in.
It's a nice ring, true to the size. It has the 10k stamp on it, arrived well packed, in a box an timely. The three diamond stones are, however, very very tiny than it show in the picture. But overall, I am happy.
OMG talk about bling... This necklace is GORGEOUS in person. I love it so much. The only bummer part is that 4 rhinestones were missing when I got it :( I don't think anyone will notice but I am going to get some and glue them in, hopefully. This necklace fits perfectly on my fat neck and is adjustable, it even fit my young adult daughter's skinny neck. Great price for such a beautiful big piece.
I like them but they are too small
Cute on my 7 yr old granddaughter. Some fit and some don't (too big.) No biggie. It was a12 pack after all.
Lost it in the first day 🤨
nice product for the price
Great pair of earrings! My sister really liked it and she keeps it on throughout the day and mentioned to me today that it feels comfortable. The only downside is that it can be a bit of a challenge to put it on, even for someone with smaller ears like that of my sister.
The paint peels and its hard to open the first time.
Prefect. Bought 2 pairs.
Good sized. Beautiful but pattern was a little uneven, however, worth the price.
Really nice bought as an option to wear with rose gold watch looks amazing
It's a nice piece of turquoise, but they bottom part of the necklace started to fade 😏
These are very nice earrings and the stones are very colorful and pretty. They are a nice size to wear and while they were a little heavier than I usually wear, they weren't too heavy or bothersome.
They are really cute. They fit me just right but I can definitely see them being a lil bit too small for others. You get a lot for the price!!
This is a cute little necklace. The only thing that was disappointing was how easily it bent. It's a good purchase.
They are ok, a little smaller than expected. Something couldn't wear all the time but maybe for certain occasions.
these are pretty small and cant actually hold any hair, just for decoration but cute
Very nice and heavier then thought. Good material
Super cute but smaller than expected
You got what you ordered.
So cute, so my style, so difficult to put in haha! It took me about ten minutes to get this jewelry in properly, in part, I think, due to my fingernails. The quality seems pretty good - the piece withstood my clumsy fumbling to open and close without breaking (I'm heavy-handed, so that says something). Overall, I love the style and look. It's cool without looking too fancy for daily wear. The fit is snug and comfortable. I think this jewelry could be ideal for a larger nose like mine - looks subtle yet noticeable and fun! I kinda want it in another color now.
I've been looking for something like this for awhile now. I have lots of beads and my earrings are looking a bit worn, so I'm super please to find another set that will let me wear my beads.
Looks like the picture. The reviews said it was big but I was hoping it wasn't too big. It is big but will do for what I need.
Very good material quality. Nicely done graphics.
I bought this for my wife. She loves it, however I think it should be like an inch bigger. It is tight on her wrist, and it isn't like she has a very big wrist to start.
What's needed; as described
So I received my set & I love it but I think you should label these for those that are not familiar they will get confused. Majority were self explanatory but one ... someone help.. this cannot be an Amethyst Crystal
Like to see the colors changing.
Very cute, it is cheap however. They do get tangled, which is assumed to be the issue with layered necklaces.
Very pretty but a little smaller than I thought but I'm keeping it and giving it to one of my daughter's friends.
Comfy to wear and very cute. My only complaint is that the points of the stars are pretty sharp making them a little painful to put on. Love that their stainless steel and I'm not allergic. Once the earrings are in they're very comfortable.
Very pretty earrings. Love the length (approx. 2 inches), These earrings do make a clinging noise when you wear them because the inside hoop hits the outside hoop.
Has not turned colors i wear it every day never take it off.
Nice pin but anti-rotation pin is too short. It leaves a gap between the pin and the clutch letting the pin flop around on a shirt or blouse. I'll buy some of those rubber clutches and see if they'll fix the problem.
They are cute and can fit a skinny wrist without being too loose.
I wish it is larger and made better.
The Rings themselves look nice, but there is a little scuff mark on the ring, and they were too large. My girlfriend and I had our finger measured a few weeks ago. I ordered those size rings, and when I got them, they were too big. We had our fingers measured again today just to make sure it wasn't our mistake.
Purchased this as a gift, and it is wonderful. My only gripe is the stone is not centered in the fitting exactly, but it works as advertised.
Not happy with the size of the stud. It does fit very well and comfortable but you can't see the stone or the color. I am only giving such a high rating because it is comfortable and arrived very fast.
I received this as a gift for my charm bracelet. I really like it. My bracelet is on the dressier side so the bling in this charm goes well. The paw prints are small and not blackened like the picture shows so I can't see the paw prints very well until it hits the light the right way. Other than that, it's great.
These are cute and sexy. I gave it four stars instead of 5 because after having them on for 3+ hours I could feel them rubbing. But I had no issues until the end of the night. If I wear them for less time they do not rub or cause irritation
People hate that it's so hard to get the balls off but that's why I love these. The balls on all my other ones would always fall off. Needle nose pliers are handy when they are on really tight but I find that if I just keep twisting, the balls do eventually come loose. You just gotta relax.
Very cute but a bit too tiny...wish the dot was just a little bigger.
These bracelets are a great value for the price. They seem to be pretty well made and came in nice colors. I returned them because my husband didn't like the string closure which I was unaware of at the time I purchased them.
One earring came chipped, there wasn't a piece inside the individual package with it, so I do not think it was done while being sent. But otherwise all of them are super cute, and my daughter LOVES them!! I LOVE that there was one that said happy birthday, because that's why I was buying them, unfortunately that was the one that chipped.
I purchased this for our infant son, I knew it was going to be to big, I just didn't think it was going to be so big considering that its supposed to be a child's bracelet. It didn't bother us to much because we were already prepared for it to be to big. We were able to take it to The jewelers and get it sized. Very inexpensive. We were also able to get all of his allergies on the back plus our names and phone numbers. (Which is a fairly long list)
The price was very good, my only complaint is that the chain broke within a week and was not very sturdy. But the charm itself is good and it definitely helps having the oils around me all day.
Very sturdy, and comfortable enough. Has lasted a year with no obvious signs of wear and tear.
very good kit , not a fan of the acrylic tapers. this kit also jumps sizes but besides that, its perfect.
Super fun and goes great with the bracelet too, great for that Boho look.
Bracelet was a little smaller than anticipated. Quality was good. However shipping took longer than stated. Missed mothers day by almost a week.
I like the bracelet, and the muted brass and dark leather. It may be a personal thing with me, but the anchor clasp is a pain to hook. But love the bracelet, and would buy it again.
Beautiful ring! I'm in love only thing is that the color chips off.
nice locket but cheap chain
Loves how beautifully it was made. The pendant itself is a bit small but it works just fine with my Moana cosplay.
it's ok not exactly what I thought but ok
Very cute rings! I usually wear a 7-7 1/2 and ordered 7s. They seem to fit a little on the big side, but it's nothing a ring guard can't fix. I recommend, for sure!!
Ok. I would never use as a gift. Cheap look
Its a good weight and looks amazing! My only issues with it is that it doesnt bring any spare parts incase it breaks but Thats fine. Overall its great
Very prompt delivery.. good product
Ring is on the bigger side, but other than that it looks good and is durable.
They are real leather. Just wish the long rectangular ones were more sparkly .
This ring is beautiful. The silver is high quality. HOWEVER, the stone is not real opal. I did not anticipate it being real opal given the very low price, but the longer I wear it, the more you can tell that it's a sticker or enamel filler. There are small breaks at two different sections of the opal where the enamel or sticker separates. Overall it does not impact the look, you can only tell if you look closely, but just something to be aware of. The silver is quite nice though, no tarnishing after daily wear for 12+ hours a day for over 2 weeks. For the price, it's a great fashion piece. Also, I ordered a 7 and received an 8.
Super cute, but a little large which makes them a bit heavy on earlobes.
Im still waiting for this ring. I believe its coming from mars
I'm not used to wearing crawlers, but I love the design of this one. I can get used to it. Lots of compliments, people wanna know where to buy it.
They don't break me out and do the job of studs. They aren't my style, but they work. Couldn't have asked for better from not seeing clear crystal/diamond/cz studs in person.
So far so good with this ring. I have recieved a lot of nice compliments.
I really love this bracelet. It represents the different types of cancer, many that have touched my life in some way. So far, it's durable and very pretty. I am very happy with my purchase.
Very nice quality earrings. I took away 1 star because they arent as small as i hoped they would be. I have multiple piercings on my ears and need small/tiny earrings so they will fit. The smallest "diamond" and the small ball are the smallest and only ones that i can use in my cartilage piercing. Other than the size i cannot complain. Good quality product that arrived in a timely manner.
Exactly what I ordered.
The Vespa scooter is so cute and detailed, and looks good on the bracelet.
They're pretty. Dainty, so easy to wear everyday. I'm sensitive to metals so the 14k is very kind to my earlobes. Really like the squared tube. These are understated and subtle which is what I was looking for.
The clips are cheap. I wore one for a week and it already broke. They work for what I needed, though
I was looking for something that hugged and covered my ear but these hung down by the tip of it otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
Came when it said ..looks like it discribed
Am loving this bracelet. Oval shape is great because it does not clank on flat surfaces. Been searching for an oval shape bangle for some time. Thrilled about this particular one. Ordered another in gold. Hope it wears well and doesn't tarnish as it claims. Fingers crossed 🤞
I wore them for over a week straight and had no issues with them bothering my ears. The only bad thing is the first pair I put in , I barely wore them for a few hours, when the stone fell out and I had no idea when it happened so I couldn't look for it.
Only reason I'm doing 4 is because it's not true to size. Ordered a 6 fits like a 7
Gorgeous necklace My niece was so excited to get it
They are very cute. The only issue is they are so tiny and the screw backing takes a few tries to put on a wiggly one year old.
A very small necklace charm but overall it's lovely for the price
The pin is beautiful but is on the smaller side.
There OK for the money
Beautiful packaging cross smaller than expected but still beautiful I love that it came with an extension on the necklace
Very cute! It is a light metal material so it is easy to adjust the fit.
Not very flexible, but plastic nonetheless. I had a problem with healing while using the stainless steel bars I was given at the shop, once I switched to the curved plastics, my piercing sites healed within a few days. I definitely recommend these if you're having the same problem I was with healing.
Very pretty but kind of hard to stay on my ears.
Sturdy beautiful and affordable gave it as a gift to sons god mother
I love that it has the option to be longer or shorter, looks really nice.
Very beautiful. Doesn't come with o rings. I just went and bought some size 2 and they look great.
She loved it. Took forever to get here so order early.
These were very great rings! They very in sizes so they are perfect for stacking but unfortunately, 2 of the rings were missing from the 45. Still though, they look very nice and there are so many for the price you pay!
I got these for less than a dollar, and for what you get, it's a really good deal. The posts do bend easily, but this color is very pretty and sparkly, (the red color isn't) and we're not talking fine jewelry here. The purple stones are lighter than shown, but still have good color. They may not last a long time, but they're well worth a buck.
It was everything it said it had.
purchased as a gift. recipient said "How pretty! Thank you!"
Nice bracelet, and the clasp stays on well. Good value for the price
The arms do grab anything they come in contact with lol but very cute
Beautiful piece of art. Well made and love it ❤
Gorgeous. Very lovely. The pearl is A bit bigger than I thought but very beautiful and well packaged
Cute necklace! Wish the gold wasn't as yellow...doesn't go with any of my other gold jewelry.
I had an issue that required requesting a return on this bracelet but the seller was extremely prompt and helpful in the handling of my claim. Trouble aside, it was excellent customer service and the item I did receive is beautiful.
Love it but fits a little on the larger size
I am so happy and surprise with the quality.
It's an attractive ring and I'm satisfied with that. However, the four posts around the stone stand up very high. It tends to irritate the fingers around the ring finger. Other than that,it's very nice.
Love these! Great quality for price, no irritation, clean up easy and colors are pretty.
Ver pretty, just as pictured, but a bit too large for my taste.
Wanted something that looked Good but not Blood Diamonds and didnot look like a toy ring.
Arrived Earlier than the expected delivery, great color! I like this earrings but I had trouble putting them in by myself and had to get help from a. I'm a little afraid of taking them out because I wont be able to put them back in. they don't tarnish/break so Im happy with that, I dont know why they were so hard to completely connect, if they could fix that one issue I'd be in love
Pretty color combinations that are eye catching, but the clasp is VERY flimsy and I'm a little afraid that it'll break with little to no resistance. The overall materials are plastic and up close it's obvious, however not many people are looking that closely at my ankles and I like it regardless :).
The stone was bigger than I expected otherwise I liked it was okay. Tragus one.
This was one of the first items of jewelry I've purchased off Amazon. I didn't have high hopes but I figured since returns were free I'd take the chance. When I received the item it was better looking than what I expected. The moissanite was pretty clean and colorless for a $100 peice of jewerly besides one stone that was pretty fractured internally which caused it to stand out from the rest. Although I returned this item due to certain circumstances, I would recommend it
Bought as a gift for my nieces and daughter, they loved them. Locket is beautiful, the felt keeps the scent all day. Wish the chain was a little sturdier, but easily remedied with another. My daughter's friend loved it so much my daughter bought her one too.
I love this but the brightness dulls off to quick
Great product except it was crammed into a box just big enough for the organizer, so the drawer handle ripped a hole in the bag and the inside of the box. The handle knob is no where to be found.
Pretty, but very, very thin, fell apart quickly.
These were smaller than expected but nice.
The items arrived just like they show up! These were ordered as a gift after seeing them elsewhere.
It is very beautiful and sparkly. The center stone looks larger than I thought it would because of how tall the setting is.
It was very pretty but breaks easy
Looks great. Love it.
It's cute but that's about it . Can't imagine it will last long , but I bought mostly for a sentiment . The ring will hold up fine .
definitely a very vsco vibe necklace and is actually my everyday necklace only bad part is i got it a bit broken
It looks good but not as shiny as I thought. Fits a little bug
This ended up being so much better quality than I anticipated for the price. My skin has a way of eating through cheap/plated metal really quickly so I'll update this review once I've had more wear and can see how it holds up. The only complaint I had was that it was huuuuuge right out of the package, and the metal was firm enough that it was pretty tough to bend it smaller, but I had to to keep it from falling off my wrist. With some patience, it ended up great!
This headband is a great find considering the price--it's exactly what I wanted. I will replace the center jewel with another pendant to go better with my costume. Initially, and primarily because of the other reviews, I thought mine was broken. One of the chains didn't connect to anything. However, looking at the product picture, I realized mine was in fact not broken, I just didn't know how to properly put it on. That loose chain should attach in the back with the other loose chains. It would be helpful to have a simple drawing with the packaging, and that's the only reason I'm giving it a 4. Will update if it actually breaks.
Bought two for a mom and daughter event but so heavy we couldnt wear the earrings
These are gifts and I just love them
Customers love these simple necklaces. Cute for what you pay.
It was good but it had a weird smell that won't go away
Great bracelet durable fashionable wears well love it.....a little though too clean tho
Very nice! Super easy to put together. Only issue was some of my bracelets are more oval and scratched the velvet a bit. But so glad I got this to organize my jewelry.
These are gorgeous and sleek. I love them. Only one small complaints: they are a little heavy, and the part that goes in the ear is thicker gage than what I am used to, so I am a little worried they are making my piercing bigger. So I try not to wear them for hours and hours. But they are really comfortable and very pretty.
Bought as a gift. Came in packaged well. Took out to customize the birth stones. Quality felt pretty good. Feels solid. Look is as good as the picture you see online.
These look good but don't quite look like the original name brand ones. I'd purchase them again though.
I'm very happy with this choker. It looks beautiful on and I'm excited to wear it on our upcoming vacation. My only complaint which is why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is the clasp in the back. It's too short which makes it very hard to hold open to get the loop on the chain in. Almost need another person to help get it clasped. Other than that, its great!
perfect for what I needed them for but some do not have holes
The necklace part was shorter than I expected.
This arrived a tad bit broken, but I'm not one to complain... Still a good buy...
The earrings are pretty, and they also came in a good packaging. I bought these earrings for my girlfriend as a surprise and she liked them.She really liked the unique design and how it was a four piece set. I liked them because of the price, it was a good gift for her and I'm satisfied with it.One thing to note though is that they might look really small on some peoples ears.
These were pretty good for what you pay for nothing fancy so far so good
This is very cute. I don't think it's the highest quality but that's expected with such a reasonable price. My aunt will love it.
Recipient said there a 4.
Great deal, quality materials, true fit. The backs have a tiny issue aligning the track.
Great Value for the price. Perfect for little girls who may not quite be old enough for more expensive jewelry. Yes, the chain is a little long. Not that big of a deal to me.
First impression was awesome! Came in a little black bag and they were in a plastic zip inside of that. There are two gold, silver, rose gold, black, and multi color. They were smaller than I expected but once I put them in I was very pleased! I am slightly worried that the black ones will chip off but I'm not 100% on this. I did have to use the end of my tweezers to pry these suckers open and then have my dad squeeze them closed so they wouldn't fall out! Over all I am satisfied with the presentation, product, etc! I would purchase some pliers to help though 😉
Nice urn, but the chain was poor quality.
As pictured. The hoops are very thin.
Cute, a little smaller than I expected but shiny and nice
Beautiful keepsake for my Mom's cat. She will love it. Sad a little scoop and funnel didn't come with it to help with filling like others I have purchased but a beautiful piece!
Looked ready to gift!
Nice pin. Wish it was a little bigger.
Very cute earrings. Bar was a little smaller than expected but still like them
I love love love this earring HOWEVER, the bar is way too short which is why only 4 stars. I bought it for a tragus but since the bar is so short, I used it as a upper lobe piercing instead. Little difficult to put in but that could have been user error. Been through a few showers and does not show any discoloration. All in all, content even if I'm still in search of another tragus earring.
Nice everyday bezel set stud earrings with enough sparkle. Very comfortable to wear.
Great ring for the price, it does get a little stuck sometimes but a little fidgeting gets it back on track. That's what it's there for anyway.
I purchased this product to solely be worn as a necklace. As such, it pinches the small hairs at the base of my neck. It is intended to be worn as a bracelet. I will have to restring it to avoid the pain. It seems to be of high quality though the yellow bead looks a bit cheap. I can't guarantee all of the beads are authentic. I also have not tried using essential oils on it yet. The product arrived quickly and was beautifully packaged in the box shown. I also love the lotus blossom charm
Standard quality. Not fancy but not junk. If it lasts on the neck of a 7 year old, good buy for the price
I loved this necklace and got a TON of compliments on it! However, after owning it for less than 2 months, it broke. The tassel part broke off where it is soldered to the ring. I am so disappointed because it truly is a beautiful piece of jewelry and so versatile! I may consider trying it again and hoping the second one holds up a little better.
They are really small. Would be great for a baby.
Good but pinchy. It always snags a few arm hairs and pulls which is slightly uncomfortable but not enough to make me not wear them. Colors are a nice, muted pink that go well with a variety of clothing colors.
This bracelet is so pretty. I ordered mine in Gold but they sent me a silver. I emailed Pavoi directly about this issue. While waiting for their response, I wore the silver for a day because it was so pretty but unfortunately it broke. So I emailed the company Pavoi about it and Kelly responded to me the next day and gave me a choice of refund or replacement for free. I chose replacement because it was so pretty not to have. And Kelly set that order up right away. I would recommend this bracelet to anyone who likes dainty looks. If something is wrong dont hesitate to email Pavoi directly.
Nice for my granddaughter to wear with a dress I bought her. Wish the chain was a little shorter and the pineapple was a little larger.
Christmas gift for my fiance, he loves it. Is good quality and very nice, so far no discoloration, hoping it last
This ring is beautiful!!!
A gift for my daughter. She loved it but I thought it was a little thin. Engraving was nice and it was a pic of her dog... her heart! She loved it.
A little confusing at first. Also, I had to widen them because they were too small for my ear, and my ears are not big, pretty much completely average ears. But it's super cool looking!
color is prefect with what I ordered to wear with my outfit.
I would prefer the chain to be more width, it is too thin, but I like it
Very very pretty. My husband bought it for me for Christmas. Did not come with any oil though.
Returned only because it was thinner than what I was looking for.
The price was high but the product excellent
Like the looks of it. A gift for our daughter's birthday.
Not supposed to tarnish but I guess in water high in sulfer content... not a reflection on the company just so others are aware. Take them off if you have high sulfer content in your water.
Great product, a bit difficult to clasp at first but once it's done it stays snuggly secure and safe in place!
They are pretty and seem to be of good quality. I wear them with a wide gold cuff and they sit next to it nicely. I wish the stones extended a little further around the side, since you can see where they end from the front. But overall I like them and would recommend them.
These were a bit smaller than I thought they would be and they pinched my ear more than I thought they would. But they are super cute and I will still wear them even though they pinch, beauty is pain. Ha!
It broke after a week. The baseball charm is very well made but the necklace is what broke.
My girlfriend was extremely pleased with this necklace.
I really like the bracelet. It is very well made, heavyweight, sturdy and pretty. The only problem with it is that it turns on my wrist so that the decorative diffuser part is on the underside of my wrist so you can't see it. It won't stay right side up.
I ended up making two purchases of this anklet. It is anklet is beautiful and dainty. Perfect or so I thought. The first anklet got caught on my shoe and broke. My fault. The second anklet I purchased fell off while I was barefoot and sitting at home. The clasp broke on both. Will not purchase a third time even though I loved it so much. *UPDATE* The seller contacted me and sent me two anklets since as the title says-lifetime jewelry. The seller was incredibly nice and gracious and I've been wearing my anklet carefully and without any issues. Many thanks to the seller.
Very pretty! A little tough to open and close but pretty none-the-less.
Very nice for the price, not sure how finish will hold up over time.
The jewelry came just as pictured and just what I wanted. The size/colors are good too.
Pretty and easy to wear
Love these Christmas earrings...They look great with my Christmas necklace!
I didn't receive my order shiny jewelry USA mens iced
At first I thought it was a bit too small but she loved it anyway. I also like that delivery was fast especially since I was working with a limited time frame.
I bought this in a size to fit my thumb and it fits well, stays put, looks good, and spinning the outside ring has become addictive. I like this ring a lot.
Bought these for my gentleman friend for Valentine's Day and he absolutely loved them. It's days later and he keeps talking about them. I wanted to find a way to express how much of a strong King I think he is and these did the trick! Great quality and reasonably priced. Will order more in the future.
Love anklets! These are perfect!
Love it. Perfect birthday present and Valentine's present for my mom
Only had them for a couple of weeks but for the price they are awesome. One of them is a little too big but I can remedy it pretty easy. Would give 4.5 but not an option.
Super cute and come packaged really nicely
A very good looking shell necklace. I like the design so much as well as the material.
Perfect to the picture.
Absolutely awesome. Great fit. I only wish it was a buckle instead of button closure. I put this in my cart and took it out several times. I wish I'd have bought it when I saw it. It's lower profile than it looks. Great for men or women.
Really good replica! Doesn't tarnish
I like them because sometimes you order thing that are not the size they say. these are large the size they say love them.
Exactly as ordered. Delivered as promised.
Just what I wanted and actually the right size
Really nice item, great value
This would not fit anyone who has a muscle mass. It is pretty sturdy and narrow range adjustable. However, I can imagine that if one flexes their arm naturally, it may hurt. The snake bracelet didnt fit me, so I had to return it to the seller. The return was free and easy.
I liked the color, and the way they looked on my ears. Very elegant
This is a beautiful necklace. Wear it often!!!!
Bought this for my wife's birthday. She said she wanted a simple Gold cross that would not rust. She's worn it 24/7 since I gave it to her back in October and it is still as shiny as the day I gave it to her. It does not rust, change colors, or cause any rashes for her.
These earrings are darling and so lightweight! They go with so many different outfits and are just the right size! I absolutely love them!
Super cute to wear.The design is great especially the pearl is freshwater pearl.
Great product and shipping
These layered necklaces are really in fashion now so I've been wanting to purchase. Finally got it and happy I did. Very cute for every day or even a night out
Just what I was looking for!
Very cute necklace. I like that it's a cat, but doesn't scream CAT! I gave to my teenage daughter and she likes it.
I wear these everyday and they give a casual outfit a little zing but also fit perfectly with a fancy dress. Not too big, not too small, very lightweight but not at all flimsy.
They seem durable. I sweated in a couple of them and they didn't bleed on my neck. Suitable for teens and adults. I definitely would recommend it to anyone. Why not - it's a great price!
I thought they would be bigger but I still really like them. I think they are unique and pretty and are well made.
Beautiful. Loved the one I bought for gift and bought another for myself!
it looks beautiful .. great piece... good value
Best nose ring! Super easy to put in.
Very high quality beads, and packaging. Was very pleasantly surprised. Already used for mantra meditation and wearing as bracelet as well!
I spent probably triple the amount of these bracelets just a few weeks ago for the pura vida brand. I saw these while scrolling amazon and it arrived and I'm not kidding they are basically the same. Same idea to loosen/tighten them and I am obsessed with the turquoise! Been wearing for about a month and still looks good as new!
Excellent!! Ring fits as described. So comfy I forget it on my hand at all!
They have worked out great, haven't discolored even wearing them daily. Just what I was looking for!
Nice. Like it. It was for me.
I love the pendant it is even more beautiful in person thank you so much.
These earring studs are exactly what I wanted. The earring backs are also very secure and they hold the earrings in place nicely. I was looking for earrings that I can wear everyday without taking them off. I am very pleased with the product that I ordered another pair for my double pierced ears.
I really like these earrings. They are cute and don't irritate my sensitive ears.
Mother-in-law loved it! Very pretty, as pictured.
Very beautiful and colors go with everything! Great addition to my very limited jewelry collection!
This looked exactly as described and arrived within 2 days. Very fast! Great!
I purchased the rose gold color because my daughter loves the look with her rings. This bracelet is so dainty and super cute! I can't believe something at this price looks so amazing! Awesome deal will be looking for more as gifts!
Pretty, well-made pearl studs. Uniform size and color. Very nice for a gift or yourself, and price is great!
My fiancée absolutely loves this! I thought for sure with the great deal that after a month or so, the jewel would fall off or something, but it's held up really well and looks great! He brings it to work with him everyday in the sun and hot weather as a lineman and it's still holding out nicely!
Just what was pictured and order. Fast shipper. Thank you.
Was easy to put in and came quickly!
I love this ring! Got the silver one as a replacement for my old claddagh ring, and I love this. Personally, I found the sizing to run a bit big compared to what is advertised on the sizing, but I had no problems with getting a prompt return, and reordered the correct size. I love the finish on the ring, the weaving detail is regular throughout and well done. Very comfortable, and not too wide of a band.
Fits great and is inexpensive if you are a cosplayer/ren faire enthusiast. Makes for a great accent piece for necklace charms.
Bigger than anticipated, easy to mount.
Bought this as a replacement for one I broke from Sam Diego. I absolutely love it. I wear it all the time and never take it off. Survived a trip to the Caribbean in the salt water and all showers.
Love the length of the chain and the weight. Very versatile because it can be wore both as a long single chain or double chain. Great bargain!
Love it looks like the picture fits great
These are seriously my favorite earrings EVER. They are even better in person. They are lightweight, yet good quality. The colors are amazing. I get so many compliments each time I wear them. I've never posted a review before, but I wanted to make sure that I shared how much I love these!
Fits great. Just what I was looking for.
just as expected !!!
I was looking for a tiny little stud for my forward helix piercing and this was perfect so far it hasn't turned my ear any colors. And it looks cute it's now forcing me to get a second piercing LOL
Love these and they go with everything
as described very satisfied.
Look just like the picture.
Bought this for my daughter and her bestie they loved it!
My son wears this so a "like" from the kids.
Great! Worked perfectly and is virtually painless
The necklace is beautiful! It is more impressive than the description and photos indicate. I am very pleased and know that my wife will be to when I give it to her. The item arrived on schedule.
I know a few people said this is too short; I didn't notice that issue. If anything I was happy that it wasn't getting in the way or being pushed around. It looks nice and is a great value.
In love with this necklace!!
Loving these earrings
It was somewhat smaller than I had anticipated but it is a beautiful bracelet. It will be worn all the time.
perfect addition to a bracelet.
Super cool bracelet. So far the clasp is holding up well.
Got this for my niece for christmas, she loved it.
The perfect gift for someone who turned out to be a blessing in my life.
Well made! My granddaughter will just love the piece of jewelry.
Beautifully crafted unique if you like the movie moana you will like the fish hook
This is a beautiful necklace. I was very surprised how nice it was for the price.
Beautiful! Just like the photo. Arrived quickly.
The stones were beautiful and I got them for my daughter's wedding
Super cute! I love it! My friends paid $35+ for theirs from stores but this one is the same quality!
This is the second time I bought this brand necklace. This necklace didn't disappoint me. The quality is still so good. I like the texture. I am very happy to recommend this brand to my friends.
Got these for my bridesmaids. They loved them. Good quality for the price. My wedding was in January of 2018. They still look the same as the day I got them.
I was very pleased with this purchase, as soon as I opened the package. These Ear Climbers are very high quality, great shine which to be honest is hard to find on jewelry these days. They LOOK great. They FIT great. I will end up buying another pair.
I'm glad to start my journey and they are light weight and easy to use I love em
In love with these earrings!
This necklace is a great piece for children to learn the responsibility of keeping up with it and leaving it around their neck unbothered. My son loved it. He thinks it's 14k like my real one lol I'm very pleased to have made this purchase. Thank you
Have not worn it long enough to know benefits but product was delivered as expected.
Love! Bought these for my 4 yr old son. (Only needed one) I love them. The screw backs are great. The sparkle is exceptional. The size is perfect.... you'd never guess that they aren't legit diamond. I will be purchasing a pair for myself.
Very nice ring. The color is as shown. Looks real. Not disappointed with my purchase.
Good if you like to switch out rings often and want some that you never have to worry about losing or breaking. (Like if you're going camping or somewhere it could possibly be lost or broken) love the designs!
Sturdy & beautiful design, would definitely purchase again.
Product is better than expected! In time arrival. Will check this seller again!
Great and really nice product
I bought this pack mainly for the opal centered piece but all of them are way cute and good quality for the price. I've been wearing the one ring for a month and it still looks new, it probably helps that I take it out when I shower/bathe.
Super cute! I love these for an easy everyday pair of earrings and to keep my piercings open. I have a baby so I need studs that aren't easy to rip out. These are perfect.
A work of art, really. I am proud to be wearing it.
Bought as a gift for a friend and she loves it, great quality!!!!
Love that they are small fit
There customer service and quality and care is amazing. They really are on top of there game I have purchased to of there necklaces as gifts and the people I brought them for loved them
My son asked for something like this, I found him this set and gave them to him. He loves them and wears them all the time. They haven't tarnished or turned green or anything silly like that. Awesome.
Smaller than expected. Still very nice.
So cute and delicate.
Beautiful mala and love the incense and box it comes with.
I love the quality! Everything I could hope for it to be! And came with a nice bag which was great for the gifting!
These look good, not a printed decal added like some cheaper plugs. Had them in for a couple weeks and no irritation. Worth the $ in my book.
I love how it looks on. I am happy that I bought it.
I have ordered the bracelets for myself and my boyfriend, until now looks very nice and is still in its best condition. I wear it almost daily and it is comfortable to wear.
looks good, seems very sturdy and I guess it helps my little grandson teething
Exactly what I expected...right color...good fit...
Great quality. I have been stung before in stores. This is real stainless steel
Love these bracelets. Purchasing multiples for a fund raiser. Can't get enough!
As far as I know the product is good quality and I would definitely buy again
Sizing was accurate and the ring was great quality
We received our daughters crown today for her 21st birthday and we are loving it. It definately has a little weight too it which is perfect for what it is needed for. The packaging was great too. It arrived in one piece with no damage or anything. We will surely do business with you again. This crown came earlier than we expected but hey no complaints here.
It's a little shorter than I would prefer; however, it's beautiful.
Bought this for my frugal wife. She loves it.
They were perfect for the Faire. Nothing broke and I wore it all day.
My 5 year old loves these earrings! I love the price and the clarity.
Great bracelet.... fits perfect an simple no flash an bang would definitely buy more high quality an made solid..👍🏼
Just like the picture shown
I get so many compliments on this ring. Its super cute and sizable!
It is very attractive but I can't give any other information as it is a gift
Needed this for a theme party. Doesn't look tacky, looks bright and nice. I will wear it regularly!
These worked great thru my pregnancy. Like others have said, if you follow the directions and trim them at an angle, they work great. I used the same one thru my whole pregnancy, it never came lose or fell apart.
Great purchase, received quickly, comfort, light
This item was purchased for my son. He like it.
definitely for the nose, had no problem switching from 24 to 22.
I wasn't sure about this purchase when I originally purchased it, but once I received the product I was VERY happy! It is a beautiful and high quality bracelet. I never thought I'd find a good quality and cute find I can wear on a daily basis on amazon!
Wife loves it....Awesome.
Loved these! But after about 3 weeks of wearing it, it broke
Cute and pretty .Comfortable to wear.
It's cute and it is good to wear with any outfit and for what you're buying it is affordable. And it's not fake costume jewelry.
Smaller than I expected, but still a nice size. Very pretty and feminine. Looks like it's good quality. I'm happy so far
Miguel C: the bracelet is Simply Beautiful thanks
I am pleased with this experience. The necklace is as described. I will buy again.
This is so much fun to wear! Lightweight, decorative and super cute to walk around in.
nice- larger than what I had anticipated- but I love it
Excellent product! Larger than expected but just the right size for my hubby.
I love all their products. Quality is great
I love this soft earrings color. The pearls are large and easy to wear. So, I'm looking forward to wearing them. I'm going to buy another one for me. Absolutely gorgeous and can't beat the price!Very pleased with purchase.
Bought this for my daughter and I can't wait until she is expecting a baby. Looks very nice and will look great on her bracelet
Very cute earrings, a great Christmas present for a niece! She is in a thrill))
This ring was my favorite of the 3 I ordered, it is just a pretty in person as in the pictures. I sure do hate that it is not available in 1/2 sizes. It is true to size as best I can tell.
Wife loves it, and it's very pretty on her!
It was beautiful! My friend has been going through a rough time and I wanted to give her something to keep her thoughts positive. She loved it!
Great it fits me and it need to be boiled till its clear then put it in
I have a lot of belief in God and this & my blessed tattoo remind me everyday how strong and blessed threw God.
This bracelet is a close replica of the original famous-name-brand, which is far, far more costly. It's beautiful! I ordered the plain stainless, and when I received it I placed an order for another in rose. Mine did not come with a red box, but I don't care about that. It is engraved inside. The screws that fasten the bracelet work well, and I was able to put it on myself with no trouble. The only thing I worried about was which size to order. My wrists measure about 6 1/2" around, however I personally prefer bangle style bracelets to be a bit looser than link style bracelets, so I ordered the 7" bracelet and it fits exactly how I like it, just a little room to spare and move around my wrist a bit. The places on the inside of the bracelet where the screws are do not bother me at all. I wear it next to my steel watch and it looks fabulous! Since receiving it, I have slept and showered in it and have had no issues whatsoever. I will probably order the yellow one next, just because I love choice and the price is reasonable.
Charming Jewelers hit a home run with this ring! I wear it regularly and get many compliments each time. No surprises with this ring. The fit and finish are perfect. Love it!
If would be concern to buy this for a gift because I have never seen such a plastic cheap box. Other than that, these earings are stunning! I compared my Moissanite earing (on the right) with the Swarovski's one (on the left) and the Swarovski's one is more brilliant!!! Again beautiful and stunning.
cute for my little boys
These ear clips are too stinkin cute! They are thin enough for me to be able to open them wide enough to fit my ear and then pinch it closed without them breaking or snapping. One of my coworkers thought they were so cute that she ordered her own set!
Was a gift for my mom, she loved it. Thanks
Beautiful necklace. Purchased for my daughter as a keepsake of her grandfather. Heavier than expected, and I will be purchasing a nicer chain to wear with it
As described. Love it.
I absolutely adore this necklace! It feels decent quality and I've got no complaints.
I've only had it a week but I love it. If it holds up I cant imagine not enjoying this ring. Very pretty and elegant.
This is absolutely beautiful. Came in a cute little black box and even has a little black velvety bag to store it in. So stylish and pretty. Great quality stones too. Not a cheap product by any means. Just perfect for what I wanted.
Love it...very pretty
These are really pretty!! They look very expensive!
This is a beautiful rosary. I did not expect such quality for such a reasonable price. Highly recommend.
Worked perfect for my nose ring.
Very beautiful necklace and earrings!! Goes great with my costume!
Beautiful earrings, color is great! Love these
Sturdy and does not look cheep ! Hangs nicely and is really nice gift. Worth buying
Came in good condition.
Purchased as a gift. Beautiful!! Good quality and great price.
Absolutely beautiful!
Very nice product, nice quality and timely delivered
Very pretty. The ring should be big enough for most fingers.
Very comfortable fit. Definitely recommend!
It actually is much sturdier than it looked in picture. It's well made and very striking. I will order from this company again. It looks expensive and I love the matching earrings
Well thought assortment for a variety of occasions.
Very cute I Love you necklace. If you shine the light, you can definitely see the different languages, although it does take some moving around and practice. This would be a nice gift for that someone special. I like how simple yet elegant this necklace look like. The size is just right for a dainty look, not too big and not too small. The chain is also adjustable do you can make a 1-1.5 inch difference in length. This necklace is very beautiful! It comes with a very sturdy chain as well. I love it!
I selected this product to create "keepsakes" for a family reunion. The trays were better than expected quality and cabochons were perfect. Excellent size for a keepsake.
Perfect fit for my 11 year old daughter , she loved every one of them
I bought these as stocking gifts and they were a big hit.
This necklace is really pretty! Reminds me of a music note! It's small but still noticeable and I've had many compliments on it! Pretty good price too, I love good jewelry that is priced good!
Great sturdy well made!
Love it! Me and my grandkids did this together for my birthday. Quality is good
Love it!! Perfect!! Dainty and cute!!! Great little belly ring!! Nice gold! Happy ✔️
Awesome fast delivery and wears very well looked just like picture
The cross and chain are both really awesome I love it..
Convenient for carrying and mindful of purpose.
Greatly recommend to buy! Love them 😍
Cute costume jewelry. It looks just as it does in the photo. I was hoping I could easily change the chain out for those of different lengths, but its made in one piece. Nothing a pair of pliers can't fix.
Work well. Hold ties in place. Very sturdy. The simplest, yet most ingenious, accessory I've ever bought! I wear neck ties frequently but have never been a fan of tie clips or tie tacks. This is absolutely undetectable and hold my tie in place perfectly.A 'must have" for the well-dressed man!
I really like these earrings..... very nice for the price. My only issue is that due to an opening in the back, the stone needs to be regularly cleaned from the back to keep it sparkling.
This ring is very elegant. I have had it for about 2 or 3 weeks now. I use it all the time. I use is while I sleep, shower, go to the pool, and go to the gym. The ring has not changed colors. I like it a lot and I would recommend it.
My boyfriend loved it!
I bought this for my sister. It is beautiful. She really love it.
My friend who just graduated and is now an RN loved her gift. It's such a cute graduation gift for any RN.
Very dainty earrings!! Sparkly and lightweight.
This was given as a gift to my teenaged nephew. It was too big, but my husband was able to take a few links out so it fit perfectly. His mother told me he loves it and rarely takes it off!
I have been looking for different size round nose rings and I came across this deal right here. It comes with a variety of sizes. I loved the bonus stud nose rings that also were included in the deal. They included a variety of colors that you can match with different outfits. Amazing deal for the price!!
I was very please with the product and the price. I snowmobile so I don't want to lose them when I take off my helmet. They stay fastened.
I love this bracelet and wear it every day. I put the essential oil on the black balls. It is very fashionable and the size fits me just right. I am medium-boned. It arrived on time and was well packaged.
Love this anklet- put it on the day I received it and haven't taken it off! I was so pleased with the quality for the price! It fits great and seems to be very durable. I will be buying from this company again!
got so many compliments when I wore this to my daughters wedding...perfect accent to my dress
It was very nice but on the picture it looks like it has black in it but when i received the product it's just red but i really needed something with red and black but this set is very nice
I bought this for my wife to match the blue star shaped necklace I gave her last year. We're an honest couple and she informed me that it looked too fake. I thought it looked fine, but she said I was a men and what do I know about jewelry. In the end I decided to return it for a true elegant bracelet. That's it, she feel pleased this time.
Goes with anything and everything. Thanks!
Loveeeeeeee them! Wear them almost daily and bought a matching pair for my best friend too! They're perfect!
Awesome buy! Perfect!
Very cute choker necklace. I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and she loved it! It looks like very nice quality for the price. I would definitely recommend.
The sizes ran big for me but the company made it right. Great customer service!
Very pretty necklace. Appears to be very good quality. I love it!
Bought this for my teen daughter for Christmas. Opal is her birthstone. The necklace is lovely and the mission is great. She where's it with her other trendy and cool necklaces. Thanks.
I wore the choker and it de-attached at my bridal shower. They were both pretty.
It was beautiful!! Beyond pleased my grandma loved it it was her mother's day gift!! I honestly did not expect that great of quality for such a low price! But I purchased thanx to the other great reviews...
Nice item exactly as listed. Thank you!
Husband loves it and says it's very comfortable
I've only taken off once since I've purchased a few weeks ago. So easy to layer and wear. It's feminine and intricate in its design and made well. Looking at other Ross-Simons bracelets now to layer with it because I like it so much!
Lovely little earrings. I've been wearing them everyday since I've received them; good earrings to have and are just as pictured.
The necklace is perfect in every way! I bought to give my daughter just because, she loved it! Love the way they sent a bag, tissue paper, etc.
Beautiful earrings, I definitely thought they were a little bigger but I still love them and arrived on time. Happy with my purchase.
Good quality for the price
I love it, but it's a bit heavier than I thought.
I am very pleased with this purchase. Many compliments and likes about it.
It is very nice! The recipient of the gift love it.
These are so cute! They're lightweight so I can wear them for long periods of time without my ears getting irritated. They also have the earring backs that have the clear plastic flat thing so they end up staying on better and sit completely on your lobe. They haven't unraveled and are good quality for the material! Definitely recommend!!
Nice ring for the price!
This necklace is so beautiful , looks exactly like its pictures.
This was a beautiful item and would make a special mother day gift. My mom passed away sadly before I could give it to her. I know she would have loved it though and I will now cherish it and think of her.
Like this shell jewelry set. I like the shell design so much, just a mix of nature and artificial design. Especially a whole set of shell, looks so great.
I bought these for my husband and he loves them. They look so nice and are great for the price. They have held up nicely, too.
Quality looks great!
Very nice. Good quality, my son wore these to prom and received many compliments
I purchased this for my mom, as the chain on her diamond cross necklace (that my dad got her) broke. She had looked for a replacement chain, but all were too big and actually clashed with the cross pendant. After reading the reviews on this chain, I thought we'd give it a try and it's PERFECT. Very beautiful with just enough of a shimmer when the sunlight hits it, great quality, and you cannot beat the price! My mom's extremely happy, so I'm extremely happy :-)
I LOVE these! They are true to size and are so easy to put in and out. I love that I have such a wide selection of colors to chose from. I have gotten so many compliments on them.
It looks so cute! Shiny can't stop looking at it
Bought it for a friend. She loved it!!
Super cute, great price, recommend!
This ring is awesome! Its heavy so you know its real. The quality is just amazing.
i was highly satisfied with this purchase!! superrr easy and came fast! 6 separate necklaces all of the perfect length. great quality!! Nature lovers should buy this.. shells don't break and look great 😊
Gave it to my boyfriend as a gift and would do it again
They're delicate, well crafted, and I've received tons of compliments on them. Look as advertised.
Nice chain and metal even though its not solid gold.
Just like photo. Beautiful.
The necklace is very beautiful, charming, delicate and unique. I bought this for my sister for her birthday. It also comes with the description of the cancer sign what is interesting.
Beautiful chain and just what I was looking for. Very happy!
I absolutely love this bracelet! I just wish it were available, and I could afford to buy it, in white gold. It is stunning and so unusual!
Christmas gift for my niece who is a kindergarten teacher. She loved it!
The detail on the necklace is great!
I love this necklace so much!!! Recommend it 10/10 I wear it everyday and barely take it off. Its very light weigh and perfect for every occasion :)
It was smaller than expected, but very cute. Would buy again for a gift.
Seems to be good quality and very pretty piece of jewelry. I was very impressed as it wasn't expensive either.
my granddaughters loved them with the bracelet I put in
Very pretty- Nice sparkle. Better quality than I expected
Love, love, love these earrings! I've worn them twice and received several compliments both times. A few people have asked me if the are an expensive designer brand, which was not my intention at all, but I'm happy to inform them where I got them for just a fraction of the cost. It's also important to note that they are very light weight. My ears are sensitive to heavy weight and cheaper medals. I can barely tell I'm wearing them. No complaints here!
My daughter loves these! She changes them out all the time to match her outfit! No sensitivity to them at all.
Very light and fits well. I like the statement.
I Love the ring. It is very pretty and everything I expected. It blends in very well with my real Tiffany bands. I would recommend highly!!
Exactly what she wanted!!
I got this for my 3 year old granddaughter. I haven't given it to her yet, but I love the colors!
I am loving it .My friends are now crazy to buy this and have ordered .I have now ordered 3 more different kinds .You will not regret it if purchased
I absolutely love this ring! I wear it on my thumb and it helps for me to stop fidgeting.
He loved it. Although the ring was a size too big. I would recommend doing 1/2 a size down when ordering.
Beautiful piece, in a nice felt bag with drawstring. Love it!
I bought these for a friend a few years ago. She wears them everyday. Even now! EXCELLENT BUY.
Love this! Good quality and seems to be working very well. No issues yet
Great looking necklace!! My granddaughter will love it!
Fit snug, looks great!
I am just starting with my pin collection and I feel like this was a great addition to it. I like the shininess and it looks great on my lapel
I gave this to my daughter as a baby shower gift. I wanted something special from me to her to let her know how loved she is and what a great mom she will be. She adores it!
This is beautiful. Looks way nicer in person!
very nice ,looks very real ,everyone thinks it's real and compliments it ,very shiny and overall my favorite chain I got here
Loved the variety in sizes
I can't believe it's been this long since I got my necklace and it stil in great shape .. I shower ... I swim ... I workout with it and it's in great condition.. love it highly recommended
Very beautiful, size a little small for size requested.
Husband brought this as a my Christmas gift I was very surprised when I opened it...Very pretty I love it.
Just enough sparkle and detail. Chain is the perfect length too. Pleased with the look!
Love these earrings, and love that it was 3 for the price of 1! Great purchase.
Looks so real. Thank you
Perfect diameter and weight. Very sturdy. So far so good.
Nice simple crawlers. I like how the post is in the middle so it kind of crawls up and down my ear. Quality is nice and clean.
This is an awesome quality 3/16 stainless steel necklace . Nice heavy piece I wear it 24 seven shower ocean pool gym and it still looks like new and super comfortable. First necklace I've ever owned that you can leave on 24 seven and can't even tell it's there
Really impressed with this necklace. It matches the earrings that I ordered perfectly.
Girlfriend loves it. It looks great on her and made her smile - and what more can you ask?
It a was exactly as described.
It looks very cute. I bought it for my friend's birthday. So happy it came in a cute box and a small card too so i just need to put a ribbon on and it makes a great gift.
Great product. Finally removed the stubborn tarnish from my me & ro ankle bracelets. Easy to use and fast. Recommended it to everyone
They work well. Enough for 200 pairs of earrings too.
Beautiful!! Exactly what I expected it be and the the shipping was super fast!!
All I can say is that thank you, thank whoever that made this earrings. I had a fight with my girlfriend, and I came across these cute bee earrings on amazon, I gave them to my girlfriend as makeup gifts and she loves them! She loves the unique style of the earrings. Thank god that she loves them!
I love it. I don't take it off at all. Arrival and packaging was good. I'd buy again!
When they get kinked just wet them with water & they straighten out.
My boyfriend loved it. Very nice and a great gift for a loved one who lost someone that was close to them.
This ring is beautiful and sparkles more than my diamond band. Fits true to size
Earrings is beautiful
Giving as gift will update if fails to meet expectations.
I like these tiny hoop. They are exactly as I had hoped. Comfy to sleep in too.
These are so beautiful! I've gotten many compliments. Each pair were nicely wrapped in plastic and in a gift box. Perfect shades for fall!
Gave as a gift and it was VERY well received.
Very beautiful, and it is very sturdy and well made!
Wow, this ring is beautiful!
This necklace is very good quality. I was concerned because I have an allergy to nickel and usually less expensive jewelry has it in it, this did not. It is exactly the style I was looking for I got many compliments on it.
I love this set of earrings. They're very versatile. I've been able to wear them with several outfits.
It was very nicely and cleanly made the craftsmanship was really terrific. It is also a nice size it looks good being worn.
Item was as described at a great price. Arrived in a few days.
Loved the rosary, great price, unique, beautiful, arrived quickly! Will purchase from seller again! Thanks!
Present to my husband as we had a music themed wedding. I had this inside the pouch they provided. He loves it.
Very nice mother day gift
Super cute for added flair and game day
Gift for my grandmother who only wears clip on earrings n they didn't hurt her ears and were great for Christmas look identical to the picture great for the price.
My daughter loves sea turtles and really liked this bracelet. Has good weight and I really like the magnet clasp. The coloring was different between the two bracelets but both are pretty. Nice bracelet and good value.
Love these earrings.... I wear these almost every day. They go with so many silver necklaces that I have. They are comfortable and very nice quality..
They are beautiful and she doesn't feel bad wearing them because they're not diamonds. I actually would love to get some in smaller cuts too, but couldn't find any. I wish I knew about them a long time ago.
It's beautiful. It's dainty. It's feminine. I have simplified my look to a more basic classic look and it's just perfect.
I think the picture speaks for itself! These gauges are so insanely pretty in the sunlight! I received a ton of compliments the first few days I wore them! However, one slipped out and I'm unable to find it! I plan on ordering another pair when I get paid!
Bought it for my daughter and she loves it! Just what she wanted and expected!
My man loves it. It is subtle and elegant.
My aunt loves this necklace so much! I got it for her a mother's day gift! She is a huge fan of purple! She loves how big the stone is! And how the purple just shines! It was made just for her!
My son got this ring for his mother for Mother's Day and she loved it! The ring is beautiful.
She loved it .might get another for my lil sister
This is a great necklace! Perfect length and has a silver glittery background that I didn't notice in the picture!! Bonus!!
Such a staple piece to add to your accessory collection. Light weight and versatile.
A gift for my Oklahoma Star. She absolutely loved it
I don't typically buy jewelry online. But I liked the photos. It arrived in reasonable time. I really enjoy this bracelet. I wear it with many different styles of outfits.
Stopwatch arrived Today and was Exactly as Pictured on Amazon!! It was Packaged Very Well and Engraving was Easy to Read!! Will make a Great Graduation Present/Memory for Our Grandson!!
This is super-cute! I've wanted a bracelet like this for a while and was glad to receive it today. I can't wait to wear it!
A Great ring I love it it is exactlt what I was looking for
excellent design and make. this bracelet fits perfectly on my wrist. this is very attractive and easy to use as it come with a magnet nots at the end. \\ pros: very good looking stones. leather make magnet nots overall super cool and fancy. best for the price
Beautiful necklace - it catches the light nicely and picks up the colors around it. It feels nice on - the back is very smooth. I also like that it comes with its own tiny microfiber polishing cloth.
My daughter's teacher absolutely loved this Christmas gift! I paired it along with 3 different essential oils and boxed it up. Hangs beautifully. Comes boxed ready for wrapping.
I'm very picky about gold tones and was a little worried these would look cheap (due to price & size) We we're pleasantly surprised!! They are beautiful!! Please be advised they are heavy. We had to purchased bigger backs to help support them but thats the only drawback. Very pleased with purchase and speed of shipping!! Thank you
It's PERFECT for me-well made!
Everything came fast, nicely packaged and sealed. Very nice.
I love getting a little scent of my oils while I am out. Easy to put on and take off
LOVE the look and feel of these. Good quality excellent price.
Looks great. Nicer than i thought it would be
A beautifully presented set of silk cords with metal clasps, in two lengths. Looking forward to trying them with different pendants.
Purchased these for jewelry making photo projects. They are very nicely made and look very expensive. Used ink jet printed photos in trays and covered with the glass domes. The photos pendants came out very clear and looked like top quality jewelry. All recipients were very happy. Will definitely purchase again.. Than you.
Very nice chain for price. Very happy with it.
Great investment. Must have
Nicer than expected. They feel good to wear with the exception of pulling hairs a bit. Not enough to lower rating though, just occasionally. Haven't noticed any major benefit but we shall see what time tells.
Got it for my husband; he loves it.
Great Quality and Amazing value for money, will buy again
Very cute earrings, everyone likes them
I love them they are so pretty. and they came really fast
My daughter wears this every day! holding up great, very good price and just what she was looking for. Thank you!
It arrived today and the chain is gorgeous and the pendant itself is stunning. Thank you so much!
Loved it!!! Worth every penny
Exactly as it was advertised. Very happy with the earrings. purchased the 6mm. Size is as promised. Definitely recommend this purchase! (note: My ear lobe is very soft and I had to use an alternative back to keep it on my ear facing upwards:)
I absolutely love this necklace. It comes in a beautiful box that is white and gold with a heart on it. Inside is a little message card that says "A gift for you". The snake chain is very durable and sturdy so there is no chance of it going to break. My daughter is going to freak of how beautiful these little charms are that you can put inside with the gems. As soon as I got it, I played with the different charms to see how it would look. The possibilities are endless. It comes with 2 base plates that can be used and when you close it, it snaps shut so that there is no fear of loosing your precious charms. I love this necklace so much and am so excited to gift it to my daughter for Christmas.
Swarovski crystals are soo beautiful in the day and night light. The packing is too good and love the way it's presented. A perfect gift for any occasion for someone special.
Arrived swiftly, in tact. Variety of sizes is just the thing a gal like me wants.
Lots of bracelets so I can combine them as I like. Great material also.
I love ❤️ this ring fits perfect I received several compliments when I wear it
I purchased this necklace for my daughter for her birthday. The necklace is well made & beautiful! My daughter loved it! It was a great gift!
This is a beautiful chiseled bracelet. I had compliments on it immediately. It looks far better than the picture and like a very upscale designer piece. I love it.
Great earnings. They are beautiful.
She is very happy with them. Not too big and comfortable
Great birthday present for your naruto fan
Live these earrings. I bought them for a friend and they're exactly as shown.
Great cross good weight didn't expect that I also bought 2 chains 👍👍👍👍👍
This is very pretty, the abalone has good qualities. The chain is as it looks in the picture and is a very strong and attractive chain. This pendant is fairly large, check the measurements. Some things are made to look big and are quite small. This is a decent size.
I love this bracelet! It came as described and is made very well. I would definitely order more of these. The bracelet came in an Alex and Ani box along with the Alex and Ani description card. You seriously can't go wrong here!
I don't like to wear my ring when I run but I feel weird with an empty finger! This is great since it's adjustable especially since your fingers can swell in the summer heat. It's comfy and cute! Ive even gotten compliments that people think it's real!
Dainty & perfect. Just what I was looking for. Only downfall, when washing hands, remove rings.
I love this item. Great craftsmanship and the oil does not transfer to my clothing.
They're awesome and great color.
As a retired veteran I always want to show my patriotism to my country. I recently realized that I did not have anything on my hi-vis vest for work. This lapel pin did the trick. So far it has stood up to all the abuse of daily work and looks great. I will definitely buy more to keep on hand.
Most beautiful. Size is very feminine and mild color. It blends in well with my beige dress and I have no regrets in its purchase. Lovely brooch.
Exactly the size, color, weight desired to reward my wife for her hard work in preparation for our church apple festival. She loved it and remarked that the chain was just the right length and very nicely made.
Perfect fit. Beautiful. Made Well.
My earrings are nit only beautiful they are of great quality! I love my anniversary surprise!
I really love the look of this bracelet. It's just what I was looking for...and very sparkly! I do have to say that if you have big upper arms, it will probably be too tight. I have fairly small arms, and it fits pretty snug. Also, it's light weight and stretchy, so you can easily separate and adjust the coils - somewhat like a slinky (the old school toy).
This ring is quite a surprise in the quality of craftsmanship And detail.
I use this as my wedding ring. No reason to go expensive when I get so many compliments with this.
Nice package but cover won't stay closed.
These are my new favorite earrings and I wear them daily. They are easy to latch closed, do not fall out and are very, very lightweight. Came with an included velvet drawstring pouch, really nice. This is the second pair I've ordered - I had chosen a smaller size for the first hoops and I decided I needed the bigger ones as well. Really happy with both purchases!
It was a beautiful ring, but it had 2 cracks in the stone ,so Im returning it and I ordered a new one.
My daughter loves them!
I wore this to a festival and it was perfect for the look I was going for! I didn't have any issues with it breaking or anything but I was very gentle with it and made sure it didn't get caught on anything.
Really nice color and easy to put in! I love them!
It looks pretty and goes with any outfit
Bought for my daughter. She loves it.
I bought this beautiful ring in a size 9. It has a large stone and is very comfortable to wear. The price was very reasonable, especially because of the excellent quality of this ring. I am very happy that I purchased this ring and I am looking forward to wearing it often.
This product looks so fancy! I like the style.
Just recieved mine. No complaints. If you haven't bought this yet just know that the material isn't stretchy to immediately fit your arm. Which is a good thing in my opinion. You can have the bracelet loose, fit, or tight.
I had no expectations but was very pleasantly surprised when it arrived. I really like it.
LOVE IT!!! The size is exact, the ring is beautiful, and very comfortable to wear. I absolutely recommend it.
these are my sister's presents for xmas she will love them
Looks really nice but the color is not for guys...I gifted it to a girl cousin and she loves it!
I bought this set for my girlfriend. She recently started her own clothing line and needed some unique jewelry. She loved this set of 3. They are made pretty and easy to adjust.
Great quality for the price and sturdy material
Baby receives, looks good, the quality is also very good, very delicate, and the picture is the same, very skin-color, dress skirts are very beautiful, 100 sets, fine workmanship, gloss is very good.
Loved this ring, it fit perfectly & was super trendy. Obviously great quality for the price, but I was disappointed it broke after a week of me having jt.
Love this bracelet!!!! I wear it often and it has held up very nicely!! I have skinny wrists so the adjustable size is very helpful
Was very pleased with the Tie clip. Very tastefully done.
That's was an amazing product .. I love it
I love these earrings! They are my favorite and the quality is great. The size is perfect too
Beautiful and great quality!!! Will buy more, fast delivery!!!
Good high quality earings. They came in a nice package so I dont even need to wrap them!
Very nice earrings, light weight, there are great for both everyday and for evening, a very good price.
Arrived on time. Packaged good. Colors are vibrant on the green and classy on the mauve/grays. Earrings are lightweight and good quality for price.
It's beautiful. Everyone loved it
So much nicer than the plastic bands I had and affordable!
Much better quality then I expected. Love this bracelet!
So nice!!! Does not look inexpensive. My daughter wore for her prom and I wore for a wedding. Got many compliments!
A great necklace, made beautifully. And it came so fast!
I am part of an organization that sends cards and small gifts to people going through chemotherapy treatments. I am always looking for nice, quality, inexpensive items to send that won't cost a lot in shipping. These necklaces are fabulous for this. They each come in their own plastic bag so they can be easily out inside a card without tangling. Since they are all different I don't have to worry about sending duplicate necklaces to the same person. They are so wonderful I am going to recommend them to my organization too.
The ring came late, but not at the fault of the store. This ring is stunning. It fits true to size, and I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
I love it! Many people have made positive comments about it too!!
Beautiful!!! Looks so pretty and exactly as in the picture, well worth the money. I love it!
Good quality. Very pretty. Easy to adjust.
Excellent quality and craftsmanship. Bracelet and Medals are visible and exactly as pictured. This item from My Saint My Hero is as described. I am pleased with individual packaging of bracelet, crisp and clean, suitable for gift giving. The packing, shipping & delivery all above par.
About the size of a quater.
One of the most beautiful bracelets I have ever seen. I love it! If it was pratical I would prefer again. If you are considering purchasing this bracelet, I HIGHLY recommend it.
As described for such a great price, I'm legitimately shocked at the degree of quality. Fit comfortably for a ring of its size. Great universal piece.
Perfect! There are different sizes and I'm very pleased with the quality!
very nice bracelet well made
I normally wear a size 8 ring so I got a 9 in case the sizing was off but it fits great. Next time would go with an 8 but I'm still really happy with it.
Absolutely beautiful, my husband loved it
Was a gift for a friend and it was exactly what I wanted. She loved it. Arrived promptly. She loved it.
This is a beautiful bracelet! My daughter loved it!
The rings are so cute and fit well!
My husband wears this daily it's been pulled on by our 2 year old and 2 month old. Through both it has heals up nicely . My husband loves how light weight it is as well!
This is an attractive and sturdy piece. Other reviews have mentioned the base screw is not long enough but I did not find that to be the case. Great piece ... especially for the price.
Looks good with the tree of life pendant, great leather cord for lasting wear.
I absolutely love this bracelet, the quality is just as described. It's a very pretty & feminine bracelet that I wear daily, I love the little hearts around the bracelet built into the chain. Definitely worth the money & would buy again from this seller!!
These are beautiful and can class up any other. They are very comfortable to wear.
Lightweight and such a great deal for 4 options!
Pretty, but leather smells moldy.
Have worn these about 3x now. I like that the post is centered to the earring, NOT at the top. These are very comfortable and I'll be ordering more colors and styles!
I was very pleased with these earrings. They are cute and delicate, and just the right size. The price was great too. I love being able to mix and match. I definitely recommend them!
Excellent quality for the price. Good weight; lays nicely.
I got this for a gift. It is very well made, and very pretty. Worth the price.
So far so good! This was a gift and has only been received a short time ago so I cannot comment on how long it lasts where are the quality. Gift recipient really likes it.
Beautiful set! It's my first time buying Crystal's so hopefully I know what I'm doing.
My bridesmaids loved their bracelets!
Wife loved them. Very nice and a great price!
Very pretty. I'd like to have in a couple sizes.
Rings were comfortable and wearable
Thin band as expected and wanted. The stone is beautiful. Will order from this company again.
Bought these for my 15yr old son . He loves them .. looks so real, cant even noticed that his ears weren't pierced.
Prompt delivery, arrived as advertised.
For sure!!,this is the best impression.When you want to give her a carring but strong,sweet look.
I'm fine with the weight of the necklace - seems durable as well. It does make some noise when you wear it, though.
Simple and beautiful. My wife loves it. The chain is delicate, but you should know this from the product description. This is a good value and I would buy from this vendor again.
looks expensive and the packaging was great. wish i bought more colours
I absolutely love this necklace!!! It is so simple and beautiful. I get to wear an elevated evil eye for piece of mind and fashion. Love!
Packaged well, and shipped fast! If you aren't practiced with putting in a nose screw, this might take you a bit to place because the looped end is a little shorter than some I've used. This is definitely a quality piece of jewelry. I can't wear anything but 14k jewelry without my piercing getting irritated and this is exactly what I needed. I work in the healthcare profession and also am in nursing school, so I try and stay away from stones that are too big. I ordered the 1.5mm and it's absolutely perfect! FYI - I wouldn't recommended looking at the pictures for size reference. The 1.5mm stone pictured, is probably closer to a 2mm stone.
Super cute and just what I was looking for.
My girlfriend says...I am 5'10 and a true US 3X. These are plus size friendly. Not too tight where all the beads spread too far apart. Looks as pictured.
I ordered the 4 mm for my first piercing and the 3 mm for my second piercing. These are a great buy ! They don't hurt my ears, look like real diamonds, and the screw on back keeps them tightly on! They are small enough not to be too flashy or over crowd my ears, but they definitely stand out. The boxes they come in are also super cute. Shipping was very fast. I will definitely be purchasing from this company again.
I love the bracelet . It was just what I expected . Very nice
Mama was tickled and it looked very nice.
Looks better in person. Love the shine it has, expecially in the sun!!!! Would recommend anyone to buy this. Good quality
Beautiful ring and holds up to a lot of rough wear and tear being on my thumb.... Love it
Love it....was a little too big for my wrist, so I restrung it...perfect now!
With Halloween around the corner, this gothic set is just what I was looking for. It will compliment my attire, dark but tasteful. I plan to use it for the "Day of the Death" parade also. Great value for my money, and cute as it can be. Not a high end product, but perfectly balanced in the looks and pretty well made. It will be a perfect gift for any gothic fan.
This was great for adding a little to your look without it being to fancy. Runs a little big so if you have a really skinny ankle or neck take that into consideration; but still fits just fine. Otherwise its really good quality and I like it a lot.
I purchased this set to wear instead of a super expensive ring for piece of mind. No one knows it's not really and I constantly get complimented on the set all the time. I'm considering buying another set as a backup since I love it so much!
Very Pretty Tragus Earrings
Oh my! I just got these in the mail and i am so impressed. They are light weight and so beautiful! I am so excited!
Great so far. We shall see in a few weeks if they are indeed real surgical stainless.
Its nice looking bracelet, delicate and not gaudy.
These are perfect for anyone that has second piercings in their ear. They are small but I was aware of that when I purchased them so no surprise there. And very sparkly for something that small. I really love them.
Nice quality, minimalist earrings.
The ring fits perfectly on my hand, it's very elegant, and I wear it every day. It does get a lot of wear and tear, being squished and bent all the time. It breaks around the one year mark each time, which I am okay with for a ring this price.
A little heavier than most, but goes great with all outfits.
I've had this ring for a little over a month and haven't had any problems with it yet. It fits perfectly and is super cute!
great quality and comfortable easy to remove and put in
Little sister enjoyed this. Made her feel grown
The Rose gold and pink attracted me to these earrings! I received the item promptly and was so happy with the purchase! They're gorgeous and can be worn casually or dressed up, jeans or dress. They have a good weight on them and don't look cheap. Excited to wear this pair and will be purchasing another set of earrings from this company. They have several more earrings I'd like to buy.
Wear on weekend party and got so many compliments .Very happy.Made my day.
Mom loved them. Thank you.
So far so good. Have only had the necklace for a couple of days but seems to be comfortable. Hopefully it will last longer than the last one from another manufacturer did
Granddaughter absolutely loves them, only come off for baths and bedtime
Pleasantly surprised at the quality for the price. Received numerous compliments
They're just what I wanted.
Very nice product and most importantly, my Wife loves it!!
I love these earrings! I thread them through two holes.
Lovely brooch, looks great on my new pink coat! So glad I found it and at such a good price.
Love this bracelet. I have received numerous compliments on this!
Absolutely love this necklace! I get so many compliments!
Exactly what I expected, delivered fast, perfect transaction.
Nice quality - exactly as pictured
I love this ring as a secondary ring with my wedding ring. I have small fingers and the 4.5 size fits me perfectly!!!! I would get another one to stack more if it would work on my smaller hands!
Beautiful and simple. Very sturdy without looking like it.
I've had this jewelry for a year and it's still perfectly in tact! It's held up against some parties, work and even being shoved into a box for moving. Sturdy!
Easy to use and string beads. Made some nice bead bracelets for the kids in the family. Held up really well.
Beautiful! I have both the Giselle 18k Gold and 18k White Gold Huggie earrrings. Well worth the price!
Very well made, and very beautiful for babies baptism!
I bought for my girlfriend, it's an amazing bracelet she loves the little details about the bracelet. Nothing least about it. It's an awesome bracelet. Thank you.
Beautiful and well made. Lots of compliments on it.
You get all sizes from 14g to 00g to size up. They are pretty, light weight and great quality for the price.
If I could give this seller a 10 * I would based on their rapid replies and customer service to please and do well I've never had a seller on here reply so fast to my emails and my questions and this product is like $200 less than you see in the malls
Bought this for my daughter to wear to prom. It looked gorgeous on her. Very impressed!
My daughters godmother loved this!
This necklace is really beautiful. I love that it has all of the birthstones with it and a few other charms. You can customize the inside however you'd like. Cannot wait to give this to my mother for Mother's Day.
Very nice. I ordered the white necklace, which is a yellow-ivory in color with gold tone metal. The necklace is nice weight and size. The texture of the white stones breaks up the solid color of the necklace nicely. The warm neutral color makes this easy to accessorize your outfit with. The necklace does have a small adjustable portion for length. Lobster claw style closure.
Bought for a gift and she was very pleased. They are cute and a great size. I was also grateful for the nice velvet bag that came with them; classy touch for a heartfelt gift I wanted to give my new sister-in-law. Thank you!
Impulse buy,pretty add to collection
Just right for my Granddaughter. I think she will love it. Very dainty & beautiful.
It was perfect! Well made.
Alex and Ani - need I say more !!
Very pretty not heavyweight on your neck
i'm obsessed with this. People left comments about it being cheap & not worth the money. I completely disagree. I LOVE these, they look so good. And for the price, unbeatable!
I liked the price most! Nothing to dislike here!
Stunning earrings! So happy with this purchase.
I waited over a month to write this review. My husband wears his all of the time doing some really rough jobs. The ring to this day still doesn't have a scratch on it. The color is intact as well.
I bought enough so that everyone in the family could have one and be pain free wrists and hands
Easy to open and close, and they are super cute!
I really liked them thay are just what I wanted do recomend and thay look rilly pretty
This is my favorite rosary. It's beautiful.
Really like this necklace. Adjustable length, well made and looks nice.
I'm extremely happy and satisfied with this purchase. The shipping was quick and easy and I had absolutely no problems with that. I love the assortment and different styles of jewelry that this set comes with and the different size gauges are also nice! And so far the jewelry itself has held up quite nicely considering I can be pretty tough on my jewelry. It even comes with a neat little hard plastic organizer that you can take and add dividers to to help organize and store your jewelry and acrylics. Pretty neat! The overall price, product and delivery make this purchase for me personally very worth it! I will more than likely be ordering more from them very very soon. *** I added quite a few pictures because I personally love to see actual pictures and reviews from real people when ordering things online, so hopefully these help*** 👍👌
Beautiful. They look like they cost a lot more. A great purchase.
Bought it for my granddaughter and I think she will like it.
not my favorite but they do sparkle a lot!!!
Bought as a gift and my step mom loves it
I like this product but it only works if the snot is very runny.
I've been looking for such resin earrings. That's not important until I found it, like leopard color or tortoiseshell earrings! Thanks for having it at a reasonable price, and I couldn't find this style in American boutiques, which was very comfortable and light.
Beautifully crafted and lasted longer than I expected
They were perfect for outfit. I wore them for birthday outing. Very pretty and lite weight also.
I loved the colors and the price
Not comfortable at all needs to be a tid bit longer.
So pretty! Came packaged very lovely and the chain wasn't tangled at all!
these earrings are truly Lovely.
Wished vendors would include their invoices
I have a couple new piercings and plan a couple more.
Beautiful necklace. I will be putting extenders with it to make it more comfortable.
Nice. Exactly as described.
It bends a little too easily but nice.
My daughter loves them
These are gorgeous. They are smaller than I imagined them, but they are perfectly sized. They are light weight, delicate without being fragile, and have beautiful styling!