Do not bother buying these toys. Didn't even last 1 day.
May update IF I ever receive this item! After 2 weeks...Received a notice saying the usps claimed it was undeliverable to this address... not like I haven't received a thousand items here from Amazon and mail in general. Usps said they can't even look into it since NO tracking number was provided. Not pleased.
The battery life on the barrier transmitter is terrible. It's plugged in more than its used to do its job and the transmitter isn't functional when it's plugged in. It's a constant struggle to check and see what's the status of the battery. In the mean time, the dog continues to eat couch cushions realizing his collar isn't beeping today! Terrible waste of money.
I bought 2 of these and one of my golden retrievers chewed a big chunk off. I was contacted after leaving an instagram review and they told me there are fake companies out there making the product with silicone instead of rubber my dog is not a big chewer and easily chewed a piece off...thankfully spit it out before he swallowed any...so i'm out 26.00 because they both went in the garbage....dog owners please be careful.
Unfortunately this product didn't work at all for us. Firstly, it was too big for our small dog, even though the description says this was designed for small dogs. (We have a pug/french bulldog mix, so she's on the thicker side of small.) We could have worked with the size, but it was pretty much broken from the get go. Not sure if we got a defective product, but after the batteries ran down once the receiver wouldn't recharge. Either the charger or receiver was broken, maybe both. We couldn't get the receiver to sync with the remote, every time we pressed the reset button as instructed the receiver wouldn't beep, and it didn't seem to be able to charge. This was kind of an expensive product and was highly reviewed, so we are pretty disappointed. We will be returning it.
This thing lasted about a week and broke in 3 different spots. These are junk do not buy!!!
Neither of my birds are the least bit interested in this toy, not once have they paid any attention to it.
Horrible quality not safe for pets
Gave less than 10 of these treats to my 15 week old puppy, and she had diarrhea for a day and a half. We had to change her normal food just to get her to have solid poops again. I would double check the ingredients with your vet before use because it's safe to say we have stopped feeding her these. I was really excited to try these treats as they weren't too high in calorie compared to other training treats. The package came as pictured, but the treats were bigger than I thought they'd be. They smelled tasty and flavorful, so I'm sad they didn't work out for our girl.
I never ordered this nor received this.
Not sure why these are any different that the ones I buy at the store but my dog was able to chew the entire thing down in one day but the ones from the store last months.
It's difficult to position the nail just right for it to be illuminated and trimmed. Forget trying this item to illuminate your dogs nails if your dog has black nails, you can't see anything through black nails. Don't waste your money.
I got 3 large sticks just like the last reviewer. Nothing like the picture. They are also moldy. When I opened the package I thought I had received 3 chunks of filthy concrete.
These plants were INFESTED with worms and snails! I mean tons of worms floating when I did the recommended quarantine soak. I am starting a planted aquarium for the first time and emailed the seller. He said the snails are beneficial and told me to do some research! I'm disgusted. I did do research and found the worms are a result of poor conditions in the tank...WORST customer service ever! And I have to do all this work to get the infestation out of my plants! Thankfully I did not put them in my tank, they are going in the trash. What a waste of my time and money. DO NOT BUY!
I have reordered this item twice and it keeps coming as ONE single pack, not FOUR. I paid for FOUR packs and only got ONE pack. Also, the first pack came and was worn out, had been opened before and clearly looked old. DO NOT order from this vendor!! Now I have to try to get a refund.
Used to charge a fence to keep goats and pigs in. Stopped working after 3 months. Checked power to battery. That was good. So it was charging. But power was not getting to the terminals.
It was not sturdy at all!!
Cheap plastic...don't waste your money.
Purchased a number of these for our two cats, both in the cranberry color and in white. Bowl is a good size/weight and cut-out handle is very functional. Unfortunately, however, the glazed finish is EXTREMELY thin and chips off at the slightest touch. Despite handling and hand washing with care, all bowls had multiple chips in the finish within days of first use. Too bad - this would be a very good product except for the poor quality of the finish. Very disappointing.
Toy was annihilated within 10 minutes by my heavy chewer. Don't waste your money on a toy that is definitely not tough or durable!
The plastic lens doesn't accomplish optically what it sets out to do. The light isn't really placed usefully. Useless to me.
Trash all trash Amazon steals your money back product do not buy
I bought this with their promotion and my dog passed away within a week of taking it. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone!
Didn't receive my item said it got delivered , but I never recieved it .
broke getting pulled on by a 20lb puppy.
I only had this collar for three months and it broke. Luckily, it happened in my backyard and not when I was walking my dog in the street. This collar is not durable or strong enough for a large dog. I have a golden lab crossbreed. I cannot rate it highly based on my experience.
The item was so thin and flimsy. Did not offer comfort to my dog in her crate. It did wash well but I would not recommend this product. Dog finally tore it apart and I threw it out.
The were coming apart so could not use
I've used this product on several different animals for about a month and I haven't noticed any improvements on the hot spots. This product doesn't work, don't waste your money on over priced oils.
My dog normally devours any bully stick in minutes, he loves them. He would not touch these. Smelled them and literally walked away. Not sure why but we did notice these had a crimson red color which we have never seen with other bully sticks.
I love the product but it's too small and collapses on its own
Smells bad. Doesn't work at all.
I've had this container 2 days. The lid has been on tight and the ants still got in. I'm very upset. I threw out the box and now I'm not sure how to return it. No seller to contact to work anything out. I'm very unsatisfied with this product.
no instructions enclosed, very hard to figure out. Took longer than 15 minutes.
Center part started detaching from the edge part the first time we used it. By the second use, it was completely falling apart, and we threw it away. Complete junk.
The salt lick may be very good for the animals. But it lasts as long as it is not rained on. One or two good storms it melts away to nothing. Not worth the price to only be available for a couple of weeks. Use the larger mineral blocks. They tend to last an entire season.
I did not receive this package, where is it?
Gave my yorkie a horrible rash. Disappointing. He wasnt comfortable in it at all...
Never received didnt realize it until they were asking for a review and never recalled seeing it.
I only got 3. It said 5 on the description.
Material is not strong enough. My 1 year old cat chewed through it completely.
Box came cut open. Took 3 days to get here after ordering... had to drive 30 minutes to get the food from the store instead since I had to throw out this bag..
I bought these a couple of months ago and left a poor review, but I wanted to trust that the box I got back then was a fluke. It was not. Again, the sausages were rock hard and more suitable for missiles than a dog treat, which really disappoints me. There will not be a third time buying these.
These are junk! Both bulbs have burned out within a two month period!! I cannot believe that this company can be in business with such poor quality. I have used infrared lights for my ball python for many years now and I get a varied range of months from a bulb, but I have never gone through two bulbs in a matter of two months! I am very disappointed.
The heater doesn't work at all, the water is ice cold. I did everything the instructions says and water won't heat up
My pit was able to break this within 2 days! Not durable enough.
Terrible quality. It's milky and won't mix but won't settle either. Can't blow any bubbles at all. My kitten is disappointed each time she sees the bottle. Won't buy again!
Cheap and took a long time to receive
Lasted 5 weeks before one of the tightening Buckles busted off. Our dog is only 60 pounds so that was unfortunate.
These dental chews made our 4 month old, 6 lb Schnoodle throw up. I contacted Merrick and was told they are not suitable for puppies. But there are no warnings about that on the bag, they are selling it as it is suitable for all dogs.
I don't know how it works, because I didn't get to use it. The box was wet on my porch, and inside the bottle of stability was cracked around the bottom edge and had leaked out. Very tired of getting wasted/damaged products from poor shipping practices by Amazon! Amazon should be refunding these things, but they don't seem to care.
I got the package in good time. I've used a screen protector since I bought the phone and thought it was time for an upgrade. Now I'm left wishing I continued to use my old cracked screen protector. The wet and dry wipes meant to clean the screen before you put the protector on both came completely dry. Removing dust/air pockets from this screen protector is a no go. If you try to use a card to push air out of the side air will leak in front the sides, create air bubbles, and never go back down. Don't waste your money with this, get a screen protector that comes with a mounting bracket and actual cleaning supplies. My biggest regret is even trying to put these screen protectors on because now I can't return them.
By the 3rd time we used this on our puppy it started completely falling apart where the rubber attaches to the glove. It's junk!
We used it for less than a month and it is broken.
It would not stop the water. It ran over. Waste of money.
My finiky dog (Maltese Mix) wouldn't touch this stuff, I gave it away.
Item was delivered with barely anything left. I basically got an empty bottle.
Don't waste your money
My 15 year old lab chewed it down to this in 6 hours.... and be barely has teeth!!! Not sure it's worth the money. Maybe good for small dogs.
Product came with just the cat mug... no soil or seeds.... very sad
Did not absorb at all! Pet urine just laid on top.
Got a smaller bag than what I paid for
It says in the title 25-30 and there is MAYBE 10 in there. It was put in the mailbox while I was at work, even tho I requested it to stay at post office, and all of them were dead. NO where on the box did it say live bugs! It also says in the description that these are smaller ones because they're meant to grow, but a few were absolutely huge. Will not be ordering again. Rip off.
This did not work at all. I cleaned and bathed my dog to get a fresh coat, applied the collar and she's still infested. We've treated the house too. This was a waste of money.
I will not use it again. Made my dogs feel bad. One of my dogs lost hair because of this product . I had to end up washing my dogs to remove as must as possible .
...unless you want little wads of yarn roving floating in your fish tank or terrarium. I received a little cup of small, damp, grayish-green balls, but being new to marimos I didn't really know what to look for. Over the course of a week or so in the tank they slowly became more pale and gray as if the color was fading out of it like a dye, and I did a bit of research and realized I'd been swindled. I dissected one and I'm fairly certain it wasn't even any sort of living plant matter, it seriously just looked like a balled up piece of synthetic fibers. They went in the trash and I found some actual lush, green marimos.
My Wheaton Terrier had it destroyed in 10 minutes. Blue pieces everywhere 👎🏻
Unfortunately, after following the instructions to a T I have experienced much lower hatch rates than other brands on Amazon. This brand claims to be 90% hatch rate. I'd be lucky to get 50%. They claim to have a money back guarantee. I will be testing that out. The price was right, hatch rate not so much.
Biggest rip off. It just pushes the hair around and the cover pops off after a few pushes. Very disappointed
Been buying this a while now but the last 2 orders the quality has been terrible. It has greenish patches and my cat won't touch it. Waste of money as this product is expensive to just toss out. A couple of the pouches looked normal, but my cat wouldn't touch it-and he loves this food.
Very cute but no animal is going to keep these on their head.
My 4 month old bearded dragon did not like any of the different packages of food. The thing that holds the cups is decent. The cups are tiny and not really reusable. I wish the holder just came with a cup so I can use my own food
WENT to the beach at night once. The collar worked there but not back.
Did not work! Still have a dog that is suffering!
Went to use it the second time and the hose adapter won't expand. If you don't have to use the adapter it works well. I can't use it now
This item was much shorter than I expected it to be. I have an alaskan malamute and this did not do the trick in trying to help with his pulling. If you have a small dog, this will work for you.
These are great looking jackets that will keep a dog warm, BUT they run extremely small and are poorly made. I've had the stitching come apart on two of these in less than two months. Save yourself the trouble and just find another product.
The fuzzy kids hated this box and I wasn't a fan either. It was hard to clean out due to weird ridges in the corners. I think the opening in the front wasn't big enough for the kids and they felt super enclosed in the box. I bought this box because I was hoping to keep the litter from flying everywhere. Already got rid of this box and moved onto another one.
My dog ate these but I hated them. They are hard like rocks and I could barely form them around her pills. I guess you get what you pay for; we went back to Greenies.
I A-B'd two of these gloves versus a single shed brush and it's not close. These stupid things pull a little hair out- then are a hassle to actually get the hair off the glove. Meanwhile normal shed brushes get a lot out quickly and it's nothing to clear the brush of the extracted hair. Literally, just a moment ago, I realized my dog is chewing up these worthless gloves and I don't care. Don't buy these for any reason.
These filters don't work they are horrible...stopped up after 2 or 3 days
The box arrived around 1pm and Mojo was so excited. However, this is what it looked like by 8pm. Mojo's mother is lab/boxer mix, and his father is retriever/walker mix. He is 8 months old and has never chewed our furniture, etc. He does love his toys and is VERY aggressive when he gets a new chew toy, working it hard. I have yet to find one he cannot destroy quickly. This is what happens to his rope toys and the gets pieces off the rubber ones. It would probably be fine for a less aggressive chewer.
I had hopes for this dog puzzle. To be fair, my dog is medium size, weighs 24 lbs., and has lost a few of his small front bottom teeth. This item is too hard for him to retrieve treats. I could see him really work with it but he got really frustrated. Probably better for larger dogs with more powerful jaws. For my dog, it was not.
Why show a picture of a bundle of tubes,and only send one.its 3 dollars at pet world.plus its the wrong size needed wider hole.
It barely brushes the cats hair. Waste of money..
Shipped used and in poor condition Does not work.. Waste of time and money
Went off every time my dog shook his head. Rarely went off when he actually barked.
What we ordered was a skip tooth blade but that was not what we received. The photos clearly show that there are no skipped tooth in this blade that we received.
My American Bulldog chewed this toy for aggressive chewers apart in 10 minutes ☹️
Milo says he didn't like it and wasn't interested in it at all. So back it when. Other cats may love it.
Piece of crap! After two days the cable began to fray, before I could write a complaint I got a generic email stating that it has that tendency in "small" yards. I live on ten acres and it still frayed... don't waste your money.
NOT a rat sized house!! Mouse sized...not rat
Got these for my puppy so she could chew. If I put peanut butter on it, all she does is lick it of, then won't have anything to do with the bones. Disappointed.
I really like the brand and we regularly give it. In fact, I've purchased other bulk items from Hubbard in the past, and still have a bit of the peanut butter cookies to go through, that I had purchased 20lbs of in the past. With this being a variety pack, I thought it would be even better. And they wouldn't get as tired of it, as they did with the PB box. But the dogs all looked at me, as though I was threatening to beat them. And our Black Lab... Which I honestly cannot remember when he's EVER turned down anything offered to him to eat. Perhaps they were starting to go rancid??? Though I couldn't smell anything. But I know with dry food, once it is exposed to oxygen, it starts going rancid within 2 weeks. Which is why I only keep out enough for a little over a week, then freeze the rest. I don't know if everyone else's came like mine. But the giant bag it all came in, was open, thus exposed to oxygen. Anyway, with none of the dogs wanting to eat it, I have no choice but to return. And since it's the 20lb box, inside of ANOTHER box... What a pain. lol
Flimsy, too small, very disappointing.
Terrible leash... broke within a few weeks of having. Could be very dangerous if we had been on the road.
It doesn't work!!!!!!
Gloves are very large, stiff and cumbersome. Unable to gently lift corals. Gloves will not air out and as a result they always smell. Not a good glove to use for reef tanks.
Stopped working after a few months.
Terrible toy for an aggressive chewer. My girl had the little fingers chewed in half in less than a day
shit ripped. I have a corgi, bought the medium and it was too small.
I don't necessarily not like the collar but the system it's self tried to get the system to work 3 times by rewiring with different wire and then when my wussy chihuahua walked through it several times as though it never existed it was time to return
This product gave my dog diarrhea for a week.
The fence does not issue a warning beep when the dog approaches the perimeter -- it beeps and shocks at the same time despite correct installation and varying the transmitter settings. I tested on myself after training the dogs without the collars activated and - despite the disfunction - I am unable to reach customer service for assistance or return/warranty redemption. DO NOT ORDER
These are awful. The roll comes off the handle every time I use it. They're very sticky but I feel like I change the roll more often than the other kinds I've used before.
I don't even know how to rate this product. This packaging isn't even located on Purina. Totally different dog that is used on all packaging. Ive been buying this product for years and it's definitely not the same. The bones r usually lighter in appearance . These bones look more brownish. My dog usually loves busy bones mini, she won't give these a second smell. I will be contacting Amazon.
Still have not received this. Ordered Jan. 29. Disappointed.
My bird hated it. I mixed it with his old food to see if he would slowly transition to like it. I ended up having to throw the entire mix out and buy him a bag of his old food. He would not eat it. And screamed non stop for over a week.
It took wayyyy too long to get this. I ordered it a good month or more before Christmas. By the time it finally arrived, Christmas was over. No good to me now since she has grown up and can't wear it. Waste of money!!! But it is cute and looks like it's made well, so if you want it, make sure you order it in the summer so you will have it by Christmas!
This is without question the worst Amazon partner ever. Who vets these sellers? Completely unreasonable and unresponsive and has the gall to ask me to remove my complaint w Amazon. No, I won't remove the complaint and here is a review so folks will know this is a lousy product and a disreputable seller.
I only got to use this twice before my 6 year old dorky ripped through the netting in the door.
They don't work. I put them on the glass and a day later nothing no reading
Ordered two. Neither work.
My dog has been using the organic mint flavor for months and it works perfectly well; now the product has changed to bacon flavor and he will not take it at all and returning and canceling subscription
These have yet to calm out pooch.
Broke after one use. We returned it. The back piece broke off the dish making it impossible to hang on the crate.
I received my order within two days with amazon prime and i received the tank broken in a million pieces. No bubble wrap nothing to protect it, this is dissapointing for the price No light no filter
What I received was not the product shown on the picture. Instead of 3x absorbency bedding, they sent entirely differently looking bags with 2x absorbency. I'm still trying to return it, while looking for correct product on eBay.
Guess i should have scrolled to see the reviews, this last 5 minutes and she swallowed a piece, now i am having to keep an eye on her as i am afraid it may not pass easily. Not good for any dog that chews. It is foam, but i looked and felt like harder foam then it was.
Used once and my dog was able to work his way out of it. Probably good for barking, but my dog gets anxious and tries to bite with nail cuttings and it didn't do the trick for him, unfortunately. If you need a muzzle for biting, I would go with a basket muzzle instead.
Product not as pictured. Was not brand new in packaging as shown.
I was told a replacement would be sent or I would receive a refind and that was over 8 months ago. I cannot seem to get any help from this company so please don't order if you love your pet! The smell of the car seat was completely toxic, I aired it out before use, over a day, as I had read this from other buyers. The smell did not go away, I tried to use it but the toxic fumes from the seat made my dog begin to vomit after sitting in it for about 30 minutes. I should have known when he began sniffing it when placed inside and then kept sniffling while inside and kept trying to get out of the seat and away from the smell. Do not purchase if you are concerned for your dogs safety. Unless you want to go to the vet when your dog begins vomiting from the fumes, then I do not recommend this as a purchase. Also, the quality of the car seat was terrible, the price did not match up with the quality. The worst purchase I have made In the 6 years I have been with Amazon.
I got a rock with 3 leaves on it. Waste of money.
Is nice but it's outside and many rusty
Dog clipper battery died after using 2X. Would not charge anymore. Bad product. Want my money back.
Never could get the dogs to use it. and they would end up tearing up the puppy pad anyways even if they cant get the edges.
These wipes smell very medicinal and they gave our puppy a rash. She got red bumps with little spots of blood on her neck. Unfotunately we are returning these and do not recommend them.
Way smaller than pictured!
First time purchase of this brand. I thought this was a high quality product so I got it as a treat to add some variety to a pellet diet. I only give a small portion daily and store it in the refrigerator to keep it fresh between feedings. The last couple of weeks I started noticing small moths in my house! Most of them are in the room where my parrot is fed. Some with brownish gray speckled wings, some are a cream color. Never had a problem before and local moths are much larger in size. Tossing out what's left of this stuff and sticking to my Harrison's pellets. No more seeds for us.
My parrot destroyed this bell in 4 days , WASTE of money !
The slow feeder bowl I ordered never arrived. I reached out to the company, they stated it was lost by the shipping company and they would send a replacement. The replacement never arrived. I contacted the company again. They stated they were refunding me due to their continued issues. To date I have not recieved a refund yet.
I was excited to take this ball out to the field to throw around with my dog. Unfortunately, after 5 minutes she had already killed the squeaker. She likes the ball anyway and it's not worth returning, but the squeaker is completely dead.
I ordered this along with a 35LB bag dry dog food. The attached photos show what I am talking about.
My dogs loved the canned food, but they won't touch the Dry. Even my rats aren't happy with this food. I'm disappointed.
Poor adjustment options, unless you have a dog the exact shape it's designed for. My dog is tall and lean, so it could not possibly fit right. I've seen it fit a couple different overweight dogs fine though (the dog shape that looks like a sausage from above). I cannot speak to how well it worked for me and my dog since it never fit properly.
Gate arrived with a very large noticeable chip on the corner of the front panel. There was also a pin missing from one of the hinges so it does not sit very sturdy at all. There are also some imperfections to the paint - it looks like they missed several holes with the sprayer and wood material shows through. Pics of all defects described above are attached. I ordered a replacement from the same company and will report back if the second one comes to us in better shape. Overall, with issues corrected, this gate will work for us because we have a small senior dog. I would not recommend for a younger, more agile dog prone to jumping, as it does not seem like a sturdy solution for retaining a more active pet. The gate is overall more aesthetically pleasing than most gates and will keep our little, calm guy from wandering where he shouldn't. Update- replacement gate arrived with no chip but all other defects the same! These gates are cheap and poorly made! Buyer beware!
Overall I was pretty displeased with this toy. I got it for my Police K9 so I expect toys to not last as long as they would for a normal drive dog. That being said I noticed problems before the dog even saw the ball. For one, they use a metal washer to keep the string tied onto the ball. Be sure to remove that first before you give it to your dog or run the risk that your dog cracks a tooth and undergoes a painful (and pricy) surgery to have that corrected. When I took out the washer I double and eventually triple knotted the knot at the bottom to keep it in the ball. The dog just has to pull a little and the string pulls right through the ball and you have no handle on your dog or the toy.
We never received the citronella for the collar. I sent a message and they immediately replied. They were going to send out a brand new package with the citronella. WE NEVER RECEIVED IT!!!
I was exited to purchase this heater for my fish tank. The reviews are good and this is a great brand (I have other items in this brand and they all worked long-term). BUT, I was upset to discover that the heater quit working after only using it for 6 weeks. I was wanting to return it or exchange it but the ad did not give me that option. This is very discouraging!!
Every can in the case I received was dented. Do they pull out the dented cans they can't sell in the store and send them to Amazon customers? Just saying. I will return the next dented case I receive! We don't eat from dented cans so I don't want my dog to eat out of them either!
I have 3 dogs none of them would eat this food, even the one that's like a garbage disposal!
Dog ripped it apart in a minute. Not a good toy.
Very dry, smells funny; cat won't eat it.
The dogs would not use it as it moved when they stepped on it. Threw it away
Super disappointed TV with this collar. It wouldn't stay connected to the remote for more than 10 minutes. We would turn the collar on. Then we would Sync the remote to it and the moment our dog got into trouble the beeping and vibration didnt work. Useless.
Stitching coming apart after 2.5 months. Just after the return window closed, the harness started falling apart. There was no chewing or unusual use. Just normal use for a couple of months. Products should last longer than this. I probably will sew it up, but seriously, why should I have to for a new product.
The whole where the tail goes is too small for the dog to pup. The pup gets stuck
Tried it for about 10 minutes. In that time it shocked my dog twice while he wasn't doing anything. I guess you get what you pay for. Returned it.
Never received product
Dogs wouldn't touch these and my dogs eat EVERYTHING. VERY disappointing as I have bought a lot of products from BBS.
4 of the 16 arrived broken, not impressed!
Purchase anything but this overpriced toy. Lasted less than 15 minutes and then heard odd noises and the bone would fail to continue to go straight. Our dog had a few minutes of pure delight chasing it, and it has a few scratches from his paw. Still have the toy in the original box, don't know why I thought the manufacturer would reach out when I complained.
This product was difficult to apply and did not noticeably improve traction for our puppy
I would give it zero stars if I could. Pkg arrived in the form of powder and crumbs!
Arrived in a box looked like had been repackaged. Gate was broken and rails splintered as,well as the fence parts fell out of box. Had a real toxic chemical smell. Solid wood definitely nothing solid about this gate. Returned it..I will just get a baby gate.
I have gotten this food for years. Before buying online I bought at a local feed store. The last bag I received smelled foul and my dog refused to eat it. After purchasing a different bag elsewhere he ate it fine. i ended up throwing the food in the garbage.
Terrible, the hole is too small and when my cats try to get in it collapses and they run off. I regret getting this cat bed it's useless
Your better off with a $1 whistle over this. This does not work at all.
All other reviews accurate regarding product stability and rigidity. Sides fall down very easily.
I bought 2 of these heaters and both failed in 6 months.
Bought this item, my dog (Golden Retriever) loves it, used it 3 times and it is already coming apart, thinking about sending it back for replacement.
cats did not seem to like this product. It ended up being a waste of money.
these made my dog (13 lb shih tzu) throw up twice, minutes after chewing on one, not even half way. then she had stomach issues throughout the night, on the hour. my other dog had no problems, but then saw that he didn't eat the stick (good boy). i bought them because of the good reviews! ugh... they are going in the trash.
Those toys are not for big birds they are small as shit
Had it for a little over a month and it's already falling apart. My cat is still a kitten and it's wobbly and what not. Don't buy
Falls off easily... truly waste of money...
Sold me a can with a broken nozzle. Can't even use it.
Hard clumps - so does make a comfy bed for my guinea pig. Also - very light in color, so pee stains are quite obvious.
Order was placed on Saturday for delivery via Prime on Monday, per Amazon's "order by" date for arrival on Monday. However, today I rec'd text from Amazon that the order that should have been delivered today via Prime Membership is now not being delivered until FRIDAY. Soooo not happy with Amazon Prime! I am going out of town on Wednesday and needed these for my older dog. AMAZON PRIME -- this is NOT acceptable.
This started off great! Our 8 week old lab pup took to this right away. Luckily we supervised him while he used it because it only took just one day for the seam to come apart alone the back. I immediately took it away and pried the inserts out of his mouth before he could swallow it.
Very nasty. Not recommended. Mistakenly/blindly bought two boxes of this, used up one box over a couple of months, cat didn't much care for it, I didn't much care for it either, and now we have switched to Fresh Step brand instead (or he has, anyway; I still use the toilet), will not buy Arm & Hammer again, and have a leftover unused box of it to dispose of. In fact, now that I think about it, I believe I will not buy any Arm & Hammer product ever again, just because of this experience.
I did not like this bag, quite large and the fabric was heavy and too hot for Summer. Returned it and was Charged For Return Shipping when they said FREE return shipping???! Buyer beware!
When the vitamins arrived 90 percent are crushed so I have to feed my dog pieces to equal 1 tablet.
Horrible, just horrible. Doesn't fit properly and doesn't stay on.
Awful! I've had them in the nest boxes for 2 weeks and all that's left is the paper. Do not buy these!
Didn't last long already stopped getting hot
Granted our dogs mites were bad, but this product did nothing when used as directed.
Horrible. The glue tubes was empty
Bought this product almost exactly one year ago. Worked great. Changed the batteries about 4 months ago. Changed the batteries three times yesterday and the door is still saying the batteries need changing. This morning I checked to see if my cats were locked out in the cold all night. Thank god it still works, for now.
My dogs never even got this because the seller supposedly lost the item, and instead of just sending another they supposedly reimbursed the money which I haven't seen yet.. watch who you buy from people if it's 3rd party don't do it.. also I think Amazon should do away with 3rd party selling and they should sell all items so things like this stop happening.
Added entire bottle to a 40 gallon tank. I put in ammonia to test and see if product worked before adding fish. Ammonia was not reduced at all. Product did not work to jump start the cycle. I'm glad I did not put fish in yet. Everything else with tank was correct tested with API test kit.
cheap, ......poor quality......sized incorrectly...refund is a joke,,,,
This is not the product as advertised. I'm sending it back. Do not buy
This device was way too powerful for my 45 pound labradoodle. He ran to the bedroom and hid in his kennel for hours after it went off the first time, even on the lowest setting. I had high hopes but this didn't work for us.
We had purchased this product many times thru this seller & we are happy with the product & packaging condition. However this time, the bag had a four inches rip. We are concerned that the cat food inside might be stale. Since we run out of food for our cat we cannot return....
this didn't work at all. Couldn't even test the item. do not buy this
I bought a large cot mainly for the small dogs to use outside because they dont like lying on the deck like our larger dogs. Our medium size dog uses it minimally also. Within 2 months one corner is already broken. And none of our dogs are even close to the 150 pound guarantee. We are very disappointed in this product.
The filter works GREAT.... once I fixed it!!!!! One of the lock down hinges came broken... I could tell that it was obviously broken from the manufacturer as the broken piece was packed under all the filter trays and the only way for it to get there was for some LAZY worker to throw it in after he tried to attach one of the hold down hinges and broke the support bracket. Luckily I am a very handy guy and epoxied it back together rather than send it back. I'm not one to blame the manufacturer for one man's lazy mistake... SHIT happens, but I was not happy when I unpacked it. The filter itself is VERY good!!
The size is adequate for my turtle unfortunately the suction cups don't stick very well and it's constantly falling down!
Don't waste your time. You'll buy this product only to realize that you'll never receive it. The seller will not offer to replace it nor will they offer to refund you. All you'll get told is to check with USPS. Thanks for your very shitty customer service. I will never be buying any product of yours again.
Used as directed and Didn't work. Ended up ripping out the carpet.
2 weeks later with home treatments and flea collar and still fleas and flea eggs, none of the fleas were even dead.
These diapers don't stay on, a total waste of money.
The clamp that holds it on tank doesn't fit standard aquarium it's to thin and won't fit over edge that hold a top. Disappointing!
Horrible horrible smelling! Opened bag and immediately new these were not low odor as described.
Don't buy this product!! You have to find your own ropes for leaches. Could never find anything that made sense to buy
Any little noise and this thing goes off. Waist of money
Received package with dead Golden Mystery Snail.
Zero Stars. I thought maybe there was one bad batch in that was was what was causing the reviews. I needed this quickly which is why I purchased it here instead of another site. it is exactly like every other reviews claim. Disgusting, contaminated product. Looks like mold is in it. I will do everything I can to get Amazon to ban this seller. when I messaged her return they sent some can message saying that they had a bad batch and they returned it and are no longer selling it. That's a lie. They're still selling it based on the reviews. This is junk. Please do not buy.
I have no problem with the product; however, I ordered and was charged for 3 but only received one!
Bought this to replace a power supply that had broken originally. This unit died 3 months after it was installed.
the training leash is not very strong and my 6mo puppy was able to break it after 2 uses.
Stopped working immediately Literally put it in it came on left the room came back in was already blown put in the second one and it didn't work at all, third bulb is on and bright now but I have my doubts
After two days of having this item. Tried to contact seller, they requested picture and batch number. I couldn't find a batch number and I still have the box. There was not an attachment option when sending email to the seller, my only option to provide a picture is to leave this review
Purchased with understanding that would hold up to my dogs weight. After 3 weeks, it no longer retracts. Sounds like a piece is broken inside. Poorly made. One star since cant be p
I ordered large..they look more like small. Tried to get a return and they will not email a response!! Wouldve gave 0 stars but it wouldn't let me!!
My cats just sat there and stared at it. It did not get their attention at all. The machine makes a lot of noise, the feathers don't come out completely. I ended up returning.
Not very durable at all. I would t waste my time nor money on this product again. Very weak, doesn't have any toys that show with it
My rottweiler chewed it up in 1 hour
My black Tetras will just not eat it, keep them hungry and still nothing. Will put it in their moth and spit out. Really wanted to like it to support smaller companies but not buying again.
Waste of money. It had no effect on my cat. She continued to pee outside of her box.
The chicken can easily slip it's head out of the neck hole rendering the harness useless. I have different sized chickens and they all slipped their head out.
My dog's claw got stuck in ripped his claw off. This is not safe for dogs.
Cheap materials, arrived broken.
CHEAP! It hasn't even been three months since I bought it and it just stopped working! I clean it regularly and change the filter every week. I want either a replacement or a half refund. About to call amazon and see what they can do. This is so irritating!!!!!
When I first opened the mat I really liked the way it looked. It seemed much nicer than the one I currently had. It was much more attractive and larger. The mat I was replacing was two years old and still looked brand new,. I just thought it was time for a change. Within three weeks of putting the new one down my cat had ripped a hole in it and shredded big hunks of it all over the floor. I really wished I had saved the old one., because now I don't remember the brand. I am now shopping for a new one. I don't know if the one I got was defective. I didn't notice any other reviews like mine.
I've used the name brand version of these, although it's been a while. I have a rather rambunctious kitty I was hoping to dissuade from using his claws on everything in the house while we work on proper training. The tips of these wore through in just a few days. They're still attached with the glue, but his padding around the house has worn them down to the point where his claws are already exposed. Now instead of claw caps he has Madonna gloves. The authentic ones are much more durable.
Quit working exactly 30 days from purchase. It was working great, then we came home and the tank was over 120 degrees. Wouldn't shut off. Our Gecko was hiding under a rock. Luckily, he survived. Too late to return but would have expected it to last longer than that.
Item was thin. No backing no drain hole. They were great with the return tho.
In the photo, the scooper tray/pan and rake appear to be full-sized (like a standard 10" to 10" wide and deep). This scooper tray is 5.5" deep by 7" wide. Useless for cleaning up after dogs! I'm returning it.
This was terrible DO NOT BUY the minute I opened the package one of the stitched in legs were falling off the costume. I'm upset bc it's such a cute outfit, but I'm definitely returning right away.
I tried the shocker on the lowest setting and it had no effect. I gradually inched it up until my dog felt it and then he fell out on the floor and started foaming at the mouth. No wonder I was reluctant to try this and will NEVER have another item like it
NO.....I have 2 small dogs ( 16 lbs) I bought this grass saver October 1st today is Nov 15 th this stuff does not work 100 % I have a lot of brown spots from the dog urine 6 weeks it should have done something. save your money
Decent at best. The clippers are not very powerful. I'm talking right out the box, freshly oiled, dog bathed, and the whole 9. Should have made for an easy cut. Nope. The smaller one is not powerful at all. I tried to trim the paws, the butt whole, yea no. Had to press hard on the foot and more so made my dog uncomfortable that anything. I almost wonder why it's included.
Doesn't work. Blue light turns on with batteries in but doesn't move at all. Very disappointed. :(
It was good until I found out Amazon doesn't sell the filters for it anymore available threw a third party but im nnot paying extra for shipment
It gets everywhere. Don't buy this. Sure, it works, but you will be sweeping your floors three times a day. You will find cat litter in your bed, your bathtub, your kitchen, literally everywhere and it's impossible to keep it cleaned up.
Product does, in fact, not come with the foam filter. Great, now I still can't start up my fountain.
Opened it right when I got it. Went to put it on my cat. It vial was completely empty. Looked at the other two vials and they were also empty.
I have a Tibetan Spaniel. Even though the diaper it my dog around the waist it was too short in length. It was worthless.
The product is horrible. The product was taped up and does not have all the parts to put the cage together. I will be trying to return product and get another
this item arrived with broken and spilled inside plastic bag it was covered with.
would maybe fit a hamster, its not fit cats at all
Maybe this was a bad batch, but in 50 years of owning dogs I've never seen a hoof break apart like this. My border collie mix broke up the first hoof I gave her from the bag and swallowed all the pieces in less than 15 minutes. Luckily, she vomited them up later that evening and did not suffer any ill effects. We had her checked out by the vet the next morning and kept an eye on her nervously for several days though. I hope the processing has changed since my purchase in Dec 2017. We disposed of the remaining hooves
MY POPPY SUFFERED A FATAL KIDNEY DECEASE AFTER FEEDING HIM FROM THIS PRODUCT RECIEVED IN APRIL. REQUEST MY MONEY BACK AND CANCEL ALL FUTURE ORDERS.... YOU CAN HAVE BACK THE MAY SHIPMENT , TELL ME WHERE TO DROP IT?
Good product but it is virtually impossible to find the replacement shampoo bags.
Literally the worst waste of money. This product is no better than store brand. For reference, WinCo brand 16lb is $4 and it's better quality! This is an insane gimmick with an insane mark up.
Our 6 month old puppy chewed a big hole in the mesh the first time in the crate...worthless....would rate less than one star if possible...loved the color and size...too bad it is poorly made...
Broke after first flight.
Dunno if my cat is a wuss or what. But seems to scream in pain when I put this on her. Will not buy again.
Read all the great reviews, so bought this item. Instructions are extremely inadequate; could not figure out how to put together. Returned immediately.
Did not last a hour not durable at all
I thought the impeller was broken so I purchased a new one and unfortunately learned that it is the filter itself that is no longer able to pump water. I bought this a month ago. My turtles are not happy.
The thing for the water was broken and not close well at all..
GARBAGE GARBAGE GARBAGE! FALSE ADVERTISING! It barely moves. I don't know if i got a defective product or if this group Is just a bunch of lying con artists but unless they want to go out of their way to replace the ball then i have no choice but to beg you not to buy this
Did not last a week. Was easy to install. Was not very big, did not last very long... Fell apart not made well.
My hardwood floors still smell of dog pee after 3 uses 😭
I received the item and it was broken! I hope you guys will replace it :(
Worst ever. Does not clean well. Gets stuck I still have to rake and it broke
I ORDERED THE BLUE BAGS AND GOT PINK BAGS
I will not purchase this product again. Dogs (Yorkshire, Shih-Tzu) will only eat the outer coating and leave the inner portion laying on the floor. The inner appears to be similar to the plain rawhide chews. I your four legged friend doesn't mind those chews then this might be a good purchase for you. As for our dogs we will have to go with something more tasteful.
One of my collars does not work. There is no contact info for the company.
This product didn't work for my cat. It made her throw up.
I have a Siamese cat and refuses to be entertained with this or any other laser toy.
This litter clumps well but gets a HORRIBLE scent to it when it has been used a few time. It's this gross, room filling heavy scent. I will never buy again.
Dog was able to easily remove this. Returned it for a refund.
Takes 2 or more people to apply this to a squirmy cat. And all it did was make the fleas mad.
never received my book just an empty package
My car hated to wear this! It's NOT escape proof either. My 9 month old cat figured it out. I have to purchase another type of harness.
I have no idea why these have such good reviews. These are terrible! The absorption is poor and they don't contain the smell of urine at all. 2 days of use and the entire room smells. Don't waist your money, these pads are cheap for a reason!
I bought this leash a little over a year ago. The leather is great, it is very durable and soft. but I am now having problems with the clasp. The part that opens to attach to the collar has too much play in it and the hook from the collar is slipping out. I'm just so thankful we were at the store when it happened and not outside for a walk. We really don't even use it that often maybe a few times a month.
My dog chewed this apart in 10 min. And now I'm praying that she poops the rest out and we don't have to go to surgery since half of it is still in her intestines. Do not buy this. Not worth your dog's life.
We returned this item, it did not work well, was painful for the dog and did not help remove mats. I recommend the square type letter opener, perpendicular to the skin, if you need to break up a mat in your pets hair.
Total scam! Never received item or any response to my 4 emails! This guy should be out in jail..DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!
worthless for big dogs
My puppy just smells and wants to eat the grass per usual. Then smells like a zoo
Sorry to say after 8 weeks no improvement ,
Already broken. The insulation strips came off and the hinges broke so it is now worthless. Don't waste your money.
The covers do not seal regular dog food cans. They barely just sit on top.
this product did not work at all
When delivered the bag was open inside the box. Cat food everywhere
It's incredibly hard to put the discs in the holes and the dogs destroyed it trying to get them out. This one lasted one day.
Its small, probably for cats, not dogs. I put medium size dog food in and sometimes it works, other times the food gets jammed everywhere. Sometimes gets jammed in the hopper, other times the dispenser gets jammed. Yeah, my opinion it's complete garbage for dog food unless you use tiny tiny kibble. I definitely do not recommend.
These bulbs are not meant for continual use. Not sure what they are good for, actually because they burn out so quickly.
Bought for my dog's birthday. She promptly grabbed the revolving plastic "ball" out to break in half. I tried to help her several times, but shes very smart. The "bowl should not come out so easily (maybe holes thru) and needs to be made of stronger material.
I have a red heeler who is 9 months old and he proved there is nothing extreme about this toy except it took him an extremely short time (less than 30 minutes) to chew the bone in half and pull apart pieces, making a mess. I would not recommend this toy for dedicated chewers and I am a huge fan of Kong products.
Useless.. dog continued to bark.
Waste of money it does nothing in your aquarium ,waste of time it's not needed.
This doesn't work. The prongs doesn't screw onto the electrical part.
Much smaller than shown. Picture does not match actual harness.
Don't waste your money!!! It doesn't work 90% of the time. The injector goes around the pill, the cat gets pissed off and when you wrangle the cat to try to insert the pill again, ITS STILL STUCK THE THE DANG TUBE of the injector. Horrible product design!!! The end is split which allows the pill to be pushed to the side and never come out. HATE THIS PRODUCT!!
the pump stop working i note a cracks
I bought 3 sets and one of them came without the small roller.
It should get zero stars
Fish tank bubbler. Both stones missing and noisy as hell.
Don't leave your dog alone with this. She chewed it off within the time it took me to use the restroom.
Does not work wish I didn't throw away box. They only turn on during day not at night.
Puts more strain on my arm than actually throwing the ball. The tennis ball it came with fell apart within a week of getting it.
This is an absolute scam ! This is not as many as depicted and it's 20 dollars for 6.75 cents worth of product!
Useless and my dog didn't even react to the soft buzz...returned immediately
Stopped working after 30 days.
I have two Chihuahua's and they are a little chunky. There is no way they can wear these. They are HUGE. I have to return them.
I was very disappointed with the overall quality of this thing. First of all it came broken and there were random patches of glue everywhere. Do not recommend.
Fun while it lasted, which was exactly 3 days with my 7 month old Golden.
Might be great, but it didn't come with the straps for both window protectors. Without those the dogs can mess up your doors and probably rip the sides.
Tablet turned powder. Once I opened the bottle, tablets were smashed, broken, in pieces. Awful packaging and wasted a large portion of product.
This collar came without a center plate.
My dog chewed the cord off the first week. The cord was not chew resistant! Very Unsatisfied. Would like a refund
I was sent the wrong frame. I ordered where I will always be. I was sent paw prints left by me. Disapointed
Sadly this did not work for my dogs or my vehicle. The problem with the guard is that if either one of the people in the front seats moves their seat in a way that is not parallel with the other then the guard is complete wonky. Seller would not let me send the product back.
I'm sure some dogs may love this product but mine wouldn't have anything to do with it. Pet him twice and he went and hid. I also found out that my brother had the same issue with his dog.
Another piece of garbage. The tip of the scissor doesn't close and it is not sharp enough. Don't waste the money.
Was a good product, while it lasted. Wanted to charge it and both went out at the same time. In my opinion it should last more than 3 month! Wasn't worth the money and I wouldn't recommend it!
Made two of my dogs sick
Buy from chewy. I started buying on Amazon because the price was better than chewy. Now chewy is much much cheaper. Save yourself $20
This served no purpose and irritated my dog's neck.
Man, I bought this heater on May 10th and on July 6th it was not working and my tank went down to 71 degrees. I've never had a heater go bad this fast.
I love that we get to rate the flavor of dog food... I thought it was great with subtle hints of oak and hoof. My dog didn't like it at all though
My kitten did not like this I had to throw it away
My dog did not like these at all could not walk very good with them on I did return on I got my money back
They arrived moldy idk why but they are all covered in mold! I am going to return them but will not rebuy because I don't want to waste the time and possibly get moldy ones again.
Scanned multiple dogs with known microchips and it did not pick up any of them. Returning this item.
My Dog had this item in pieces in a very short time. Pieces were coming off in less than a minute.
Our backyard is rectangular with plants and garden around the fence. If we open and widen our e-fence then this allows our dog to play freely and his designated areas, however this also means he'll be able to jump in our garden and plants. If we tighten the perimeter to prevent him from getting into our garden, then the e-fence restricts him from entering his play area. The wireless e-fence is a great concept, but not practical for our use.
Iam not sure what's the stuffing around the bed is but as soon as my dog lay down on it he started biting it until he got all the stuffing out and broke the bed.. all that on the same day it arrived. He has another bed which he has never broken before, I was trying to get him a second at the second floor of the house, but must likely we will only keep one 🙄. Something positive is that the bed is pretty large, it makes my dog looks small and the foam appears comfortable.
I never understand why some manufacturers will create an amazing product and then decide they need to "fix" what isn't broken. And it never fails that when they do they ruin it. (Maybe the issue is that what's "broken" is their profit margins.) I had been using this product for maybe 15 years with great success. When I ran out of my last jug, I came here to Amazon to buy another and saw there were some negative reviews about the smell. Since I always found the smell very pleasant, I wasn't sure why people were leaving these reviews; I thought maybe they just didn't like it. Then, I saw there was an "old formula" being sold. Figuring they made a change, I decided to play it safe and get the "old" one. I didn't receive the old formula. (The seller was "Washington Blvd Sales".) Instead, I received what I'm positive must be the new formula -- which is awful. It has a headache-inducing perfume, reminiscent of what I remember lice shampoo smelling like. Not only does it not deter my cats peeing in the same spot, it doesn't seem to get rid of the urine smell anymore. I made the mistake of not trying it on a surface before using it. In my defense, I bought the "old formula" and assumed it was the same product I've been purchasing for years. Well, I sprayed my couch with it and now it smells like pee and this dreadful perfume. Thanks, Spectrum Brands. Your "new formula" has wasted my money and possibly ruined my couch. :(
The clip you use to change the toy comes placed around the wand and it was fully welded together so I couldn't use the wand.
Hamsters were not thrilled about this product. Would not eat it.
This squirrel has a duck sound...very confusing! It only lasted about 30 seconds before my GSD tore it out. Stuffing all over the room. Not good for rugged play as described. Sorry no picture...
I assumed since there was 2 balls in photo that's what I would get not just one. Overpriced for just one ball
Product arrived cracked.
The product is very poor quality, it came apart almost immediately so cats cannot use. Too bad as the cats loved it.
I thought I could be savvy and save a few dollars by ordering online but this has just been a disaster. I never received my item after TWO weeks, with prime shipping. I called customer service and they sent out a replacement item but after another TWO weeks no item was ever delivered to me and no notice or message was sent as to where my items could be. It's best to just go to PetSmart or Petco and pick one up since their shipping method is very unreliable. No one knows where my packages are or what had happened to them. Thank you to Amazon and their customer service for giving me my money back.
This is a fake. Made in China and did not last 2 hours. I have purchased this Kong BIrd Dog several times. The other 2 lasted for almost a year. The quality is thin and not a typical Kong made. Very disappointed!
We have fed for-bid per instructions for 12 days so far, I'm fairly certain it's not going to work at all. I will call our vet back for advice on what to do next.
There is no way to replace the collar it comes on and it does not stay tight. Within 5 minutes of my dog wearing this it saga down so far it becomes completely ineffective
Ok... so maybe I have no idea how to use it. Maybe it just sucks. Really not quite sure. It does nothing. Any advice able to be given, or should I just send it back and buy a better one?
I've had this leash for only 2 days. On the second walk, the dog pulled and the leash came apart right at the handle. The end of the leash is not stitched into the rubber wrap, just pushed in. I don't think it was even glued. Junk! I'm returning it to Amazon. So disappointing.
This is a a very cheaply made litter box with a very high entry way. Our kitty really loves to throw litter around after he is done using the litter box and this littler box did not enclose the litter enough because it would always spill over the entry way and sides. The top would not adhere to the bottom very well at all and if our kitty would paw at the top, he could remove the top by himself.
My cat wouldn't eat them. She licked one then ran away. Further attempts failed. So I wasted my money buying them.
Brand new the motor stopped my pets had no water a couple days ! I didn't notice the water not flowing. I felt terrible threw it away! Never again.
This is the worst food treats for my cats they walk away I want my money back?????????
We bought this for our Yorkie to try to calm down her barking. Unfortunately this collar didn't work well at all. It does deliver a shock, but was triggered by the barking of our OTHER dog. Very poorly designed in that aspect. Was worn once and now lives in a junk drawer.
Came today - looks dirty - possibly used?
I only received 1 5oz bag should have received 5 bags and your charging me over 23.00 i don't think so!!!!
this stupid collar was vibrating and shocking my dog from him just shaking his head!!!! even on the lowest sensitivity possible! what a joke
I measured and these should have fit....however they were way too tight and had to return. If your dog has large paws, I don't recommend at all.
I ordered this product to help calm my dog. The price was fine with me, as long as it worked. As soon as the product was opened it was very noticeable that it smelled extremely bad, like old urine. I don't know about anyone else but there is nothing about the smell of old urine that is calming to ME. (and it didn't seem to help my dog one bit either) I really wanted this product to work but it didn't and was completely worthless. If you're considering ordering this product take it from me and save your money because this won't work. If I could give this ZERO stars I would, as the Seller fully knew in advance that this product was trash. As for me, no doubt I'll be returning this back to Amazon for a full refund.
These pads are awful! They do not absorb anything, liquid seeps right through! Would not recommend to anyone.
The price is too high, and it keeps rising.
This is the worst item I've ever purchased. It's thin,flimsy and does absolutely nothing. I'm throwing it away.
My Dog was thrilled when i gave him this. An hour later... the rope was severed and one of the plastic ball/ring was broken in half... Definitely not what I expect from Nerf :(
I believe both of these lasted under 20 minutes with my boys. They ripped the squeaker out within that time and the rest of the toy fell apart. Shocked as most Kong items last with tough chewers but these did not. Would not buy my boys these again.
This was ok at first but felt cheap andthe zipper was very difficult to zip up due to to the design. The zipper ended up breaking and coming off the tracks 2 weeks after purchase.
Snails were DOA. I've requested replacement snails in place of a refund. I followed all instructions specified upon receipt of snails. They were still DEAD. I WISH TO RECEIVE REPLACEMENT SNAILS....
I bought this for my two cats, poured it into a plastic bin I use and threw out the bag. The cats have been vomiting daily since it arrived, I cannot return it so I had to toss it, when pouring it in to a plastic bag, mealy flies were all over it!!!!
First, she turned up her nose to her FAV white fish, then Salmon & now Seafood, which she used to love & devour? Either these are sitting in the warehouse too long & going bad or the recipe(s) has been changed for the worst, either way I think we should all be getting refunds, no?
I was SO excited for my dog to have this. 110lb mastiff. The fabric seemed Really tight when I was putting it together. He tried to love it.....but then this happened, right along the seams. I'm bummed :( Dammit.
Used for about a week. My fish started looking and acting odd. Bought a thermometer and tested water temp and obviously this wasn't working. Useless
I was really looking forward to this tree but once it got here it was a total disappointment. First of all the cat can't even get on the second or third floor, the amount of leaves that stay in the way make it also hard for a cat to comfortably get and stay in the tree. My cat does not use it at all. It's a waste of money, now it just stays in the room to look pretty.
My extremely intelligent dog, soon figured out the trays, but the bones on top that hold the trays in and have to be turned, didn't work for her. She simply lifts and drops the toy and all the bones go into place so she can open the trays without ever learning that the bones are connected to the trays.
Bag came completely ripped open, so that was super fun to deal with. There was dog food everywhere.
gave allergy to my doggie,don't like a smell
The last order was just bits and pieces and flakes. No size for a treat! Previous purchases were ok, but may not purchase again
My dog loved these. But, they made him sick. We recommend Smart Sticks and Baxter Boys for similar non-rawhide treats. The experience may not be the same (although close), but at least the dog is healthy.
I never received my order what's wrong
remote holds a charge but the collar needs recharged every 2 days. Have had it 4 months and the collar is now broken where the transmitter and collar come together. Company doesn't want to replace or I even asked about a replacement part to see if it can be fixed. Will just buy another brand. Don't waste your money.
UPDATE: the first fountain I received was a lemon. After over a month of trying to get Amazon and/or the company to respond, the company finally responded and send a replacement pump. This one crapped out in 36 hours. Amazon is so big now that they don't know when they're selling knock offs and lemons. The ratio of good products to lemons is shifting in favor of lemons. Old review: This is a great product when it works, BUT: We purchased this item a little over one month ago. We set it up and began using it about three days after it arrived. Within the month of purchasing it, it has broken in different ways six times. The first 5, my husband was able to repair it himself. However, the sixth time, the necessary repairs are beyond the scope of our ability. So I checked on Amazon how we could exchange it for a model that WORKS. Sadly, we missed the window for which Amazon is willing to replace the defective product by about 10 days. This is extremely frustrating -- almost as if it's built only to last during the warranty period, after which it irreparably breaks and there is no possibility of exchanging it for a model that works. We invested plenty of our own time and energy repairing it ourselves, so we believe we have been plenty generous in terms of holding up our end of the bargain. Now it is entirely useless and we can't return or exchange it. To put it another way: THIS PRODUCT IS A RIP-OFF. THE BUYER PAYS FOR A LEMON, AND IN RETURN, AMAZON SAYS "TOO BAD, NOT OUR PROBLEM" WHEN THE PRODUCT FAILS. THE BUYER IS OUT $$$ BUT AMAZON DOESN'T TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELLING A DEFECTIVE PRODUCT. THIS IS THE 2ND TIME AMAZON HAS RIPPED US OFF (THE OTHER WAS A PAIR OF WIRELESS EARBUDS PURCHASED DURING THE AMAZON PRIME DAYS AT THE BEGINNING OF AUGUST THAT NEVER WORKED AT ALL -- AND NOT JUST US -- BUT SO MANY COMPLAINTS THAT AMAZON ACTUALLY SHUT DOWN THE REVIEW SECTION MAKING IT IMPOSSIBLE TO WARN OTHER BUYERS OF THE SCAM) We have been good customers of Amazon from the beginning. However, the customer service is getting worse and worse every day. Now that Amazon and Bezos have more money than several small countries, not to mention the VAST number of consumers who have placed our trust in Amazon, purchased probably THOUSANDS of their products, and contributed greatly to the company's wealth (which, according to their hardworking employees, does NOT trickle down by investing in the employees who actually do the hard work). Compare this to a friend of mine who bought a Fitbit many months ago and decided she didn't like the design and Amazon didn't make her jump through hoops or pay shipping/return charges, they simply sent her a brand new one in a style she liked. That Fitbit cost about 5x more than the two products I've tried to return, but our customer service experiences are vastly different. Part of Amazon's game is to make returning a defective product such a hassle that the customer ultimately gives up and buys a new product, eating the financial loss. AMAZON. DOES. NOT. CARE. ABOUT. CUSTOMER. SERVICE. ANY. MORE. So what am I paying the "Prime" membership for? Being a Prime customer is getting more expensive, yet the "services" covered under #Prime are eroding to the point that there's virtually no benefit to being a Prime customer. Yes, I've talked more about Amazon's business practices than the lemon product I should be reviewing here. But how can I review a product that has spent more time not working than working? And if Amazon doesn't have my back when I'm spending tons of money on this site? Who has MY back? Amazon, I'd love a response.
Cat smelled it and walked away - no interest in even licking it.
My green cheek conure didn't like these at all. If he doesn't like them, neither do I. Sorry.
Worked first try now I can hear it too. Don't think it's supposed to work that way!!!!
Looked like old dead grass. No saving it.
It affected the integrity of the water. It made it smell and taste like melting plastic. The design was beautiful and the materials used are sturdy. Unfortunately none of my four cats wanted to drink the water, nor would I drink that water.
This broke within two hours. Cats loved it but couldn't super glue it back together.
Poorly packaged. Box was damaged. The cage was cracked on one side. I had to tape it up and use it because I do wildlife rescue and no time to send back and wait for another cage. It wont last long because it will crack more when the squirrels start chewing where the hole is.
We never received it...
My spoiled Bichon Shih Tzu sniffed this and never took a bite. So I mixed it with DIY recipe although she tasted it she had no interest on finishing it. So back to the drawing board for me
Garbage don't waste your money.
Like another brand I tried, this didn't work. They both seemed to go off when our dog shook his head ...which made him yelp...which made it go off again. I'm back to a spray water bottle. Only works when he's nearby but at least he's not being zapped for doing nothing wrong.
defective tried contacting the seller for a refund
The spring in this scooper is not strong enough to close if the grass is too tall. By 'too tall' I mean maybe 4 days after a mow... so I'd pass this one by unless you can keep your grass super short.
This crate pad is very thin and offers no padding. in addition, it was very lumpy - the foam pieces would not distribute to make a smooth bed. If you are looking for a very nice cover for a pad of your own, that's the only reason to get this.
I have bought this item from a store and each bulb lasts for at least a year. I bought these two bulbs just in July this year and both have already blown! That is two bulbs in two months. Very disappointed!
This did nothing for my dog! And if you happen to yell loudly is starts vibrating but the dog pay no attention to it at all.
This product broke less than a month after we received it and one of them didn't even work from day one.
WILL MAKE YOUR CATS VIOLENTLY ILL DO NOT BUY. I woke up to a putty shit vomit diarrhea nightmare from this food. DO NOT BUY. YOU WILL NOT SAVE MONEY. YOU WILL KILL YOUR CAT. This crap is lighter colored, bigger pieces, obviously not the same as what I buy from the grocery store. I'll never buy it again. Is it from China? Amazon, you should not be selling this POiSONed Food!
Great/hilarious concept. Doesn't hold up to any playing. My dog is not rough on toys. She still has 2 year old toys that are 100% intact. Within 20 minutes this toy had a crack in it and no longer squeaked.
Nothing special. This and shampoo was a waste if my money. Matted my Maltese dogs hair horribly. Had to have her shaved down. Not happy!
I used this a directed and did not any results. The scent did bother my cats at all.
Mine broke and I got it 2 months ago
Please don't waste your money. This is not well made and not dependable. It worked sometimes but intermittently and that's no way to train a dog. The instructions were inadequate and poorly translated. I returned it in 2 days.
This product was a disappointment I had it on level one on shock it was way past the point it hurt her to the point she yelled then ran to hid
Nowhere it said it was a flat non-filled dog toy...
The envelope arrived and all it contained was the packaging - NO LEASH!
Ordered an Extra Large and was very small, it ripped while trying to get on my puppy. Poor Quality
After my dog was using this door for several months he somehow pulled the outer flap out of the groove. The construction of the unit is made in a way that once it has been put together,/glued there is absolutely no way of sliding the flap's aluminum top's groove back into the plastic body since the outer cover is glued and sealed against both ends. After hours of trying to pry the flap back into the groove it became apparent I would either destroy the plastic body or have to give up and live with the single flap. But with one flap the wind consistently blows it open sightly letting cold air into the house killing my heating bill. When working this was great but without an outer flap it is useless and a complete waste of $100 because of a horrible design flaw preventing you from being able to reattach the flap if it happens to get knocked out of it's groove.
Dog destroyed this toy within two minutes. Not for aggressive chewers
This one requires a much larger dose, hence the ingredients aren't as regulated or consistant. It didn't stick to the food, it wasn't even the same color as the same product in different packaging. Steer clear.
Broke after 40 days, just out of return eligibility
Didn't work at all or even turn on
Horrible. Good concept but horrible horrible quality
We received the bed last night and the chemical smell is unbelievably strong. I took it apart and put it outside to air out. As of this morning the smell has not improved. I can't stand to be next to it, so there is no way I am going to put our dog in it. I will be returning it and looking for another option.
My mastiff did not want anything to do with this. All the mayo and ham didn't help. She did not like it. I crushed it in her food. She took 1 sniff. No way.
Some how missed just how small these are.
Not liking this doggie seat at all. The seat area is hard, so I have to put a pillow in it to be somewhat comfortable, and being i have to do that, i cannot use the belt to secure my pup.
Took less than 3 minutes for my 10 lb yorkie to destroy one of the toys. Not worth it.
I bought this harness specifically because it was touted to be hard to slip out of. My dog was able to pop out of it with ease. Within seconds of trying to get out of it I was holding an empty harness on a leash. There was one positive to this harness, you can front lead or back lead depending on situation. I would not recommend this if your looking for an escape proof harness.
The bottle leaked and the contents are all almost gone upon opening it.
One of the handle was not attached correctly and broke the first time I carried my cat in it.
Destroyed by small dog in minutes
Cheap, looks and feels like it came outta a bubblegum machine. My 7 pound Chorkie broke it the first hour she wore it.
I ordered 2 of these in Tan. One of them was perfect...the second one was defective. It was twisted...and the foam didn't expand overnight. The color was a orangey brown, not tan like I ordered. When I unzipped it the foam on the bottom was discolored a brown color...like the cover had bled onto it. I called for a replacement....it arrived and was exactly the same issue...wrong color and not expanding all the way...and discolored on the bottom. Amazon was great and will be picking them up for me. Now..I have to find another bed.
My Persian did NOT like at all.
These are terrible bubbles !! It cost me 16.00 and I cannot get one bubble. I even tried using a bubble blower and nothing ! I hate to say it but DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
When I received this product, 3 pieces of hardware were missing. I reported this, and the company mailed them to me promptly. The cat loves this product but last night we heard a large crash. One of the scratching posts, the one on the third level, (not the top) was broken off. The screw had pulled from the bottom all the way through and the particle board on top is splintered. It cannot just be screwed back in; the board around the hole is shattered. I am terribly disappointed. This suggests this is not only poor construction but unsafe. Fortunately the cat was not hurt. I am requesting a full refund. I tried to attach a photo but the site does not support that.
When I record my order, one of the 2 boxes of litter in delivery boy was damaged and open..kitty litter everywhere ...basically 2/3 of the box was lost...
I gave my hyperthyroid cat two drops in morning and two at night for about a week, this morning she was sitting up in her box so I gave her another dose, came home a few hours later to find her in a lethargic state and dying. Pretty sure this killed her.
I wanted to use this to deter birds, rabbits. But that is not what is product is designed for. Also, the flashing light doesn't work unless the product is fullly charged.
The straps loosened after a single walk and did not stay secure. The product is poorly made. I had to return the product.
Arrived with no flip-top lid
It was way to big for my pup, return will be half the price so will gift it to someone.
Well I usually like this brand , but this arrived open ...
I purchased this item in July 2018 for my dog who unexpectedly passed away within a week of my purchase. I put it away and just brought it out again a few weeks ago. All was fine until I noticed water on the floor and then it stopped working. While I liked what could do, at the end of the day it didn't work for more than a month.
Eight weeks to the day that I ordered, it quit. Amazon told me they would do nothing about it and the guy hung up on me.
I AM STILL WAITING FOR A REFUND AFTER RETURNING THIS ITEM. PLEASE HELP ME! PAUL
I am so disappointed, my daughter is getting her snake tomorrow and now we don't have a tank :(
Here it is, 6 months after owning it and the pump has stopped working.
My dogs have been on Purina smart blend for awhile. All 3 of my dogs got the runs at same time, 2 mini dachshunds and a boxer. They all eat the same food and I know for sure they didn't get into anything. Something is really wrong with our bag of food cause this is not normal. We have also switched food in the past with minimal change in their poop. They were only on this bag a few days. I feel horrible for them. Gave multiple baths and cleaned up multiple messes I'm so disappointed. Watch out.
My cats usually love this product when bought from chewy. They would not eat this product. I had to throw it out. Awful
Please do not buy this product! If 0 stars was an option that's what I would have given. I gave this to my 12yr old cat who has small tumors. After a few days I noticed her becoming very irritable and loosing clumps of hair. I put 2 and 2 together and stopped giving her this product. It's been a few days now and she seems to be getting better. I was hoping for this "miracle" product to help my poor kitty not make her worse.
Terrible quality. Do not buy.
They had a fecal odor that was not present in other bully sticks I have purchased. Disappointed and sent back for refund.
I wish I could say this food worked, since the food he's eating now (he doesn't need it as bad as his brother) is $7 a pound. The food arrived on a Thursday and he threw up every day, 2x a day, for 4 days. I ended up letting him have a bit of his brother's Royal Canin Rx food. I think this food contains too much corn. Corn products are one of the man sources, along with corn gluten. Cats are carnivores.we won't see them raiding corn fields on the middle of the night. The food is even an unappealing yellow color!! I ended up getting a different brand, one that isn't full of CORN!
I dont know if the ball I received was defective but it took my dog less than an hour to destroy it, I know the description says nearly indestructible, but it should last more than an hour.
The light stopped working after about 2 months. I figured the bulb was out. I went to replace the bulb and the inside of the socket fell apart into the parts in the picture. I know it's only $12, so I guess you get what you pay for. I'll take the light portion off and have a killer chip clip!
AMBER CROWN FLEA COLLAR SUCKS... IT DOESN'T WORK AS ADVERTISED. JUST AN OVER PRICED COLLAR THAT DOES NOTHING.
Huge amazon fan & prime member so this hurts. Better pricing and free delivery via amazon's competitors! Amazon moved this product to Fresh and are pushing customers to subscribe to additional fees or alternatively you can get it via 3rd party reseller's for an inflated price. Chew and Wal. both are offering a better price with no shipping charges and 2 day delivery.
This pet poop tray and rake is very small, I thought I bought the larger size but it's about 6 inch and the handles of the rake and tray are not the same length. The rake is a lot longer than the tray's handle. Very disappointed.
These bowls are very large! I was looking for a puzzle bowl for my cat and these are definitely for a dog or large puppy. The return policy is terrible as it will cost me almost the purchase price to return. I will likely donate to a shelter.
I took a chance even after reading the reviews....pan arrived with a corner broken off.
My dog, who eats everything and anything, refuses to eat this food. I believe this food is making him sick, as he vomits everytime he does eat this foot. I would like a refund for this product.
I like the idea of a disc you can actually play catch with without worries about dogs teeth. More material needs to be overlapped at seams. I bought 4 to take overseas. First one lasted 4 days second one began to come apart after second day. Have not used the last two yet
I had measured my dogs paws per what their sizing chart suggests. The rubber pad barely covers her top 2 paw pads and they were twisting to the sides. Needless to say, I am returning these.
Sadly within a week the buckle broke off I have a pit bull puppy about 30 pounds of chubby.
I got this today and my dog destroyed it within an hour. So don't waste your money.
My bulldog destroyed it in 5 minutes. Contacted the company and they replaced it with another that went just as fast.
Looks like a twig off a bush I know it's not going to be as the picture seeing that all tree limbs are different but this was a complete waste of money ur better off going out side and finding a twig
Unfortunately this collar did not work for my labs. They have ticks all over, even right by the collar!
Made the water almost brown within the first day
I've used the old formula for years, was fully satisfied, no odor. The new formula (2019) has a terrible odor, it smells like something's burning, and it gave me a headache. I unplugged it and opened the windows to air out the house. Later I tried again with my older model diffuser, with same outcome. I called the manufacturer who acknowledged there is an odor with this new formula, but that it might be less after a few days. The old formula is no longer available. That's no good for me, I don't want the terrible smell or headache pain. Return initiated. They've lost a customer and I'm looking for another solution.
I bought 2 of these for my hummingbirds and after one week I had to take them down. Their design allows for bees to get to the sugar solution, and they almost drove the hummingbirds away. I changed the sugar solution ratio and moved the hangers to a shaded area to try to discourage the bees but nothing worked. If this sounds familiar, don't lose hope. Just purchase a feeder where the openings are facing upward so no sugar solution can drip out, and the bees will get discouraged and leave. With my new feeder, I can watch the hummingbirds feeding without the bees to harass them.
These are terrible. First, they feel like plaster of Paris. Secondly, one lasted exactly 2 days in a 10 gallon tank. I'm glad I tested these out on a weekend trip before a real vacation. It would have been heartbreaking for my child to come home to a tank of dead fish.
It did not come with the lights, MISSING! I asked for my money back!! I have not heard anything about it..😡
this product does not have anything inside to absorb urine. very disappointed
Came with missing pieces that you need to put this together so I sent it back and went with something else very disappointed
This mini cage looks okay for the design, but the problem is lack of grid at the bottom of the cage, so the bird will jump around with its dropping and carries it everywhere. I would not recommend it to anybody.
Does not work have had on animals since sept 29 and fleas are a little less but they even hang out by the collar
I got these bowls so my cat would be more comfortable when eating... then she had an allergic reaction to the plastic. Just avoid that and get some stainless steel bowls like I've now done.
was fine until it wasn't
9 month old Lab puppy had less than 5 minutes! Handle chewed off. Returning!!!
Very disappointed. Our red heeler loves the purple ones. The picture showed purple the description said purple and orange. The balls that came were pink and green. I can buy pink and green at our local Walmart for much less money but I was willing to pay extra for the purple. Not ok amazon!
Did not work. Cat had fleas within a week
My cat won't touch these. My dog, however, chews them and makes a mess all over the carpet and I can't get the shredded sticks out! Messy. Waste of money!
I liked how it was just a collar. My yorkie wore it religiously and never took it off. Lo and behold, last night, about 3 months into wearing it, i must have pulled at least 10 ticks from him. :( i found a few stray ticks here and there in the past, but 10 was crazy. Many were still alive too. I dont think these collars work.
My phone slipped off of it. Thankfully, it didn't break! I'll have to send it back. Looks really cute though, but doesn't do what I bought it to do.
This should not be used if you have grown cats. Prolonged used by adult cats will result in collapse. The whole thing shuddered when a cat jumped up on it from the very beginning.
Iam sure this product would be good if it lasted more than 5 minutes. I have a pit boxer mix and it's just not durable. Design looks nice much better than the stand up ones. Also lasted longer than the stand up ones. definitely was able to reach my puppies back teeth which was nice. unfortunately the material just isn't good enough.
Very tiny it didnt fit my small dog
This product is horrible quality! The plastic is too thick to squeeze, making giving your dog water a hand-cramping task. When you do manage to squeeze the hard plastic enough to get water out it permanently dents the bottle, basically making it unusable.
This is very thin and not well made. My puppy had the stuffing out in a day. May be suitable for small dogs as it would not relieve stress off the pressure points for larger breeds.
ordered Omega One Garlic Marine Sinking Pellets yellow label blue top. They shipped Omega 1 Large Marine Pellets, blue label, blue top. Filed for a return with the correct item to be shipped, and received the wrong item again.
I paid their only option of $20 shipping and it arrived at my community's office instead of my door, which called and warned me it was in a big heavy box that I would need help picking up...for almost doubling the price- I expect it to come to me!!! Chewy.com has free shipping & discount codes
This is what puppy horror dreams are made of! It cries like a hurt puppy, I have let 5 dogs all of different ages and 2 kitties play with it. ALL TERRIFIED!! Not a fun run back and then sneak up to check it out... Literally fireworks/thunderstorm TERRIFIED! DO NOT BUY
I really thought this fly mask was going to be great. The description indicates that it will keep out gnats and noseeums. The mesh over the face is very fine but seems strong as well. The mesh on the ears is soft, but the holes are apparently too big for the tiny bugs. I came home from work today to find my horse frantically shaking his head. I removed the mask and found it full of gnats. My horse's face and poll were bloody. There were also blood spots on the mesh. The pictures I posted are of the onside of the mask. The white fleece liner is full of gnats, and the inside tip of the ear was crammed with them and dried blood from my horse's ear.
Sorry, not strong enough for my kitty. Will have to add a larger, heavier base for my kitty.
Did absolutely nothing for my dogs tear stains or from preventing them
Waste of money & hurt my fur babies
Nothing is the same as the pictures shown and the two straps that are in the back that are perpendicular were sewn on incorrectly and are in the front, I am very unhappy with his product I would've been better off buying some spandex and stitching it together myself
This collar worked great for a while but now it will not charge.
Sizing is off- this did not fit my puppy at all.
Caution: Not secure.
How will I ever know if it works for my dog if I can't even get him to eat one? I tried mixing it in with his food and the only thing left in his bowl is the Cosequin. Also, these are about the size of a nickel, not mini by any means. Lastly, it's not that soft and smells awful. Sigh.
I thought this was large - my labs barely fit through. The frame fell apart the first day with very little contact.
My birds hate it. They refuse to enter the nesting box.
It fell apart less than 5 seconds after I gave it to my pup. He loved the noise but it comes apart ridiculously easily. This was a huge waste of money.
It didn't work after a month. Total waste of money!
Use this product six or seven times on my Wheaten Terrier. It is quiet and the blade never overheated. I always wash my pet before grooming her and kept the cutter blades oiled. Worked great at first, but after four or five cuts the blades dulled and no longer did the job. Not worth purchasing.
This is a piece of junk. I opened product, put in new batteries, put on spinner/butterfly top, pushed button, and nothing. This product was dead on arrival. Will be returning.
Tape never received. long overdue. please advise when it will get here.
A stocking stuffer for my Pusheen-loving husband and our loving, easily-bored cats! It showed up broken and is additionally "ineligible for return." $15 straight into the garbage. Buy this if you like setting fire to money! (Amazon has since carelessly delivered three more shattered Christmas presents to my house, but at least in those cases I could mail them their trash back. This one, I could not.)
I was disappointed with this bottle it was not leak proof.
They all were bug infested.
Not a good product. I had to change the water just as many times as when I did not have a filter
My dog won't go near these and he is NOT a picky eater / chewer
All this product did was cause my gecko to vomit. Money wasted.
Does not work well. When I tried it, it was last the return date. Save your money.
I bought two of these for my tortoise table. Received them not even 3 weeks ago. And in that 3 weeks I don't believe I've had both working at the same time after the first day. One is completely gone, I'm assuming some kind of wire issue because I put known working bulbs in and nothing. The other is on the same path I imagine as the other one. It'll stop working but if you gently tug on the wire the light flickers on and if you do it just right the light will stay on... how much longer till that one is dead too? Wish I wouldn't have spent my money on these.
cant get the sprayer to work
Really cool product, but it has been torn up after 3 uses. My dog is not destructive whatsoever- wish it was more sturdy!
Junk made very cheap
This item didn't fit the standard aquarium tubing and broke shortly after purchasing when trying to put tube back on
Unfortunately it came opened and dumped in the bag
My crickets like this more than my frog. My frog has only gone on it once and when he did he complete sank, because it couldn't hold up his weight. This is a decoration not something to climb on.
I ordered the 3 pack of 12 ounce Apple Bacon Skinny Minis but only received a 3 pack of 5 ounce treats. Very disappointed, they are going back.
I already own a Herm. Sprenger 3.25 mm Training Collar and was looking to buy a second. The collar I received is a fake, drastic difference in size, weight, and quality. The diameter of the prongs should measure 3.25 mm. What I received measure 2 mm. What were they thinking???
One of the closure tabs broke after 6 months. The cost with shipping to replace a single tab is 1/2 the cost of a new cat door!!
BUT IT IS HARD TO PULL THE WATER AND YOU HAVE TO KEEP PUSHING
Bought this to ease any potential diarrhea symptoms as a result from (moving) stress. It gave my cat diarrhea. There are other products out there that work better. I would pass on this one.
This doesn't fit my guinea pig and even if it did, it's so poorly made that he would just get out of it. No way to hold a guinea pig, let alone any other animal.
Cheap rubber and very small
I'll never know how good this product is because when they shipped it to me, it was missing the main gate door. I called and left a voicemail with the company and they never called me back. I will never buy products from this company ever again. I'm extremely disappointed. What a waste of money, what am I supposed to do with only three sides?
This was the second time I purchased this item. This time it was a disappointment. First one my dog loved the ball carried everywhere with her, played with it all day and It lasted a good 6 to 9 months before it fell apart. She loved it so much I bought a second one but it's torn apart in about two hours. Maybe the quality is not as good now. I'm so sad and she's sad because that was her favorite ball she played with it day and night, she carried it every with her, to bed and even when she would go out to go potty.
Doesn't stick well and the cat just chews it off.
Probably not meant for dogs that like to chew. My nine month old retriever had it destroyed in 15 minutes.
I never received it!
Not practical at all.
Very disappointed. We found a dead mouse in the attic, removed and hope this would help with getting rid of the smell. I pitched three bags ($35) It hasn't made any difference. Feel kind of scammed. Expensive for no results
Maybe I'm just unlucky considering all the 5 star reviews this product has, but I felt kind of nervous about it from the start. When it arrived it had a really strong order, which I brushed off because it was a plastic plant that was shipped in the middle of summer in a hot box for a few days. There was a lot of loose glue on it, especially around the base. A few of the gravel rocks at the bottom just kind of brushed off. But I cleaned it up the best I could and put it in my betta tank and it looked amazing, and my fish enjoyed resting on the large leaves. A few days with the plants though and his fins are completely shredded. Definitely take caution if you're putting this in a betta tank. I'm lucky my little guy is still alive after his battle with these plants.
It hardly works! The vibrating motion is the only one that does anything and my dog (a great dane mix) doesn't even notice it and yes i do have it on correctly.
If I could give no stars I would. I bought this for my cats and it collapsed on my kitten. He needed surgery and is now left with no tail. I am so disappointed in this product and beyond lucky my cat is ok
This is not a clumping litter and the big chunks break down making a mess when my cat uses it. Disappointed.
I cna not give a true review because I never received the item... I paid extra to have it delivered to my home ASAP for my dog and it never arrived.
My cats wouldn't touch a single can. More money down the drain. BFF is a brand I used to trust, but with all of the problems lately, I'm going to have to find another go-to that doesn't contain such poisonous chemicals.
Cat was less than impressed
It did not work. Very disappointed.
I did not receive what I ordered and my grandson opened it and dumped it into a container. I was sent super fine I ordered fine The label on bag says fine. My bird won't eat this. And now I don't know how to get the bag I ordered
This Shock collar never worked from the time I got it. There was no way to contact the manufacture so I returned it. Very dissatisfied.
the next best thing is to right the name on a piece of metal yourself
It took close to a week to heat my 20 gallon tank. Total waste of my money. I threw it out
Item had leaked open . Nothing was left in bottle
This took over 2 months to come in. I had to cancel my original order and order again to even receive the bed. It looks nice and my dog will use it occasionally, but it's terrible quality. Very thin fabric, very little fill, and came with a hole in the side. I don't see this bed lasting more than a few months at best. With the hassle it took to even receive this bed, I don't feel like returning it now, but it was a waste of money. I would not recommend ordering this. No clue why the reviews are so high.
this is the 2nd time i've been sent dog food instead of cat food, not happy and neither are my cats. think i'll go back to grocery store.
The whole point of buying this is was the swinging door to keep litter scatter to a minimum. When the top is on properly, it swings in but there is a lip along the bottom that catches the door and keeps it from swinging back out, trapping a cat inside. I can pull up the top and let it just sit on the lid without snapping it, but it looks awful and if it happens to snap down, my cat will be stuck in there. It's too much of a pain to send back, and we're moving to a new apartment in 2 days. I wanted to start with a fresh box, and now I've got this cheap thing that I'm scared to let my cat go in. Horrible design.
My bunny isn't phased by the taste and still chews on anything. I tasted it myself and it's absolutely disgusting! Wish it worked on my bunny.
NOT YOUR FAULT I ORDERED WRONG SIZE
Pour the cat food in and get disappointed immediately. The food pours into the bowl rapidly and does not stop. My cat will eat everything immediately and then puke. I can only use this to feed one normal portion. So...what's the point? I will just trash it. Not worth my time and effort to return it!!
Came damaged again!!!!!!!!!!
I have found this water bowl very difficult to use since I purchased it. Trouble getting the lid off, trouble getting it to screw out of bottom, and filter comes loose often. I thought the ring on the blue dish was solid - but it is hollow allowing slime and germs to accumulate. As you can see, the length of my fingers can reach up to the top of the ring. Very difficult to clean and visibly see if the much has been cleaned. I would not recommend this product.
I have received an email offering me $30. amazon gift card to remove bad review, how many people have sold out and removed the bad reviews. I have a flea problem, I washed my cat, I let it stay on for a while. I stuns the fleas. IT DOES NOT KILL FLEAS! Now I have to get another shampoo and do it all over again.
My two dogs will no longer eat their food since I mixed this product in it. The product smells awful too. No returns allowed either. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this, your wallet and dogs will thank you.
This item will wear down with each cleaning. The wire pieces holding it together are junk and will break each time you remove the base for cleaning. The bars were already bent upon arrival but the box was in perfect condition so they must have been bent before packaging. The metal is thin, bendable and sharp. Not a good product. I will be returning and this is too bad since it was a gift I gave my daughter for xmas. Poor kid...
Unfortunately my 5 month old puppy was NOT a fan of these. It usually takes him 2-5 days to eat a bully stick. It took him 3 weeks to eat 1 1/2 of these. I had to return them. That's not to say your dog won't like them!
I have a 21 lb Cockapoo who has chewed both Greenies and Pedigree Dental Stix with no problems. I have tried these sticks on two different days and both time he vomited them up undigested. They are hard as a stone.
Twice this bowl arrived broken.
I love the concept of this product. Happy with the bottle and trough design. Sadly, I returned this before even using it. The lid will not screw on tight. You can get to just tight. If you turn even a millimeter more, the lid is loose again! If the company fixes this key flaw, this would be a great product.
Please stop the autoship now...don't need anymore...my dogs used to like them but now they are too old to eat them
Easy to assemble, holds a lot of water, but quit working after 5 months and they don't stand behind this product! I clean it weekly and replace the filter. So now I lots of filters and no fountain
returned this. no effect on the dog next door.
This made my car violently ill .... is there any guarantee with this?
Our dog bit through it in under 10 seconds and had a hole ripped in it with pieces around her in a minute. I thought that since it was a Kong that this would be more durable, but it's not for strong chewers like regular Kong products. I guess that's why it was less than $5...
Product was opened and wet. Wont order from amazon again.
My 10 month old Scottie loved this toy for the 1/2 day that it lasted! He was intrigued by the sound and movement but quickly figured out how to open up the velcro seam and take out the plastic mechanism that powered the toy. It was not safe to let him continue playing with it since he could easily chew open the plastic ball and get to the batteries etc...I wish is was more sturdy because he had fun with it for a few hours...
Buyer BEWARE; this LOOKS like a box of packets. It's only 4. Not worth it. I'll read the fine print next time. Feel so stupid.
I feel bad only giving this 1 star. I'm not sure what I was hoping for- something my 17 year old blind cat w/ a brain tumor would like- but this was not the case. Wouldn't touch it. This is basically like milk, albeit w/ lots more calories/nutrients. Back to the Kroger cat food that comes in gravy- my cat will lick all the gravy and eat a few kibbles sometimes too.
The measurements given were wrong!!! The small size I ordered were too big for my Terrier mix!!! I even measured his chest circumference like it was suggested online but the sizes are too big!!! Small looks like medium. I hate returning things via mail, it is so inconvenient.
This is not padded enough, sharp metal edges hurt the dog. I don't recommend
Broke at the bottom within the first 20 mins of playing!
I have to return this item way larger than I thought it would be. My 18 month old son's head fits through it.
This is another misleading product description. Bowl is something like 2 or 3 inches in diameter...not 7. It must be 7" in circumference, but of course it doesn't say that.
Definitely not waterproof as advertised. I recently took off all the covers I bought to wash them and found stains all over my car seats. They did not protect my car seats at all. I had to spend $60 to get all my car seats deep cleaned and they still show faint stains.
Don't waste your money.
Thought this leash was really cool and useful for my 50lb puppy. It is made with terrible quality. The 'bungee' part of the leash broke within 2 weeks of my puppy pulling on it. Weeks later and the spring for the clip just fell out, making the leash completely useless. Next time I would definitely rather spend more money on a better quality leash.
The name tag never arrived. Seller stated that they received the tracking info so we must have it and to check with the post office. Would not recommend purchasing anything from them.
First ingredient is corn, what has ruined the cows,and is GMO, and second is Soy, which is GMO. I can't believe I didn't check out the ingredients first. DUH, I should have known the crappy food industry had hit the animal market too. Waste of money. Giving to the squirrels outside, they will eat anything. Will never buy from this brand again.
1 star because it only lasted one day. Appropriately sized but pet was still able to remove and tear apart in minutes.
Both of these collars broke. Follow instructions on charging but after charged 1st collar stopped working. The 2nd collar well the battery didn't die it just stopped working. Don't buy this product.
Doesn't work. Pretty sure it is just rubbing alcohol.
Wrong item. Ordered for large dog! Received for small dog
The product broke in only two months of use. Two of the feeder stations fell off so the feeder couldn't hold seeds. Will not buy anything from that company again.
This is the SECOND set i've ordered in two days and BOTH times I've gotten the two bowl set when the description clearly says WHITE THREE bowl set. I am not wasting my money again to return it until this company fixes the issue and sends me the right one and I can confirm its right. This is ridiculous.
I had this for about a month. I did everything to keep this from smelling but the smell sinks into the walls very easily. If any amount of pee gets in the seems it starts to erode away dissolve the material. Don't buy this.
I almost couldn't get it off my dog. Thought I was going to have to cut it off.
Most of these reviews are not even for the toy I ordered. Super disappointed in the construction of this item. Super cheaply made.
I received this just yesterday. Followed all instructions and made sure it was fully charged. On the highest setting it doe not shock at all. I even tried it on myself to test it and nothing. On Vibrate if my dog is even 15 feet away, nothing. DO NOT BUY THIS. I tried to research reviews and the only ones I could find were here on Amazon and these must not be true as the product is terrible.
What a waste destroyed in less then a minute
Did not work for us.
I don't have anything to say about the product itself because I never got to use it. The Amazon delivery guy threw the package about 15 feet and the bottle exploded all over the other items I ordered and my front porch, there is still a stain there 3 days later.
Hideous item. It is about 3 inches. Just too small for the price.
Might be ok for a 10 pound cat. I didn't even bother to return it but just threw it in the trash where it belongs ....DO NOT WASTE your money
Great concept but I bought 2 of these the last 2 years and both broke within 6 months. Both times the one stopper broke, which caused one dog to be able to stay on a short leash when we needed it, but the other would run off, so we have to hold the loose leash with our hand. My dogs are small Boston Terriers, 10 and 12 lbs.
The squirrel hates it...makes her go crazy..
It didn't work on our pet my dogs skin is burnt I have never had this happen to him until I started using this stuff so I dont advise to use it at all
Save your money .. didn't notice any difference whatsoever ,it's just a gimmick
It stopped working after a a few uses.
This product is not functional, it didn't stretch and it was very difficult to put on. I don't see how it would be comfortable for the dog to wear. And since it is not possible to put on the dog, I try to return it, but it is not eligible for return. Don't waste your money on this item.
Lasted a few hours longer than most of their toys. Once we put a dog bone in it, our dog destroyed it. Definitely not designed to do as advertised.
Still haven't received my order
Product came today completely disassembled with zero instructions on how to or even how to use the product. Just a garbage insert to show the buttons. Not at all what I was expecting after reading other reviews. I will try to figure it out but otherwise it will be returned. Highly disappointed.
How in the world can this company call these soft dog treats? I took a sharp knife to them with no success! My chihuahua is young, and has a mouthful of strong teeth, however, I couldn't risk her choking on these big things, since I couldn't even cut them down. Verry disappointed I am.
If you have a large breed powerful dog this leash won't cut it. Have a 150 lb bullmastiff and she just broke off the hook and ran off. So be careful if you have a strong dog that this leash doesn't hold up well.
Noise maker broke within minutes of my puppy playing with it
took my dog 20 minutes to destroy this ball.
I opened this bag of dog food and went to dump it into a container and there was moldy food about 1/2 way down. I'm not sure what happened. I've tried to pick out the moldy stuff. We're leaving on vacation tomorrow so the dogs will have to eat food out of this bag. Like I said I tried to pick out the moldy stuff. I don't want them eating it. I hate to throw away so they can eat what I salvaged. I just thought you should know
Smells terrible, specially when it's mixed with urine.
Bought this before noticing it has peppermint oil in it. Not safe for cats. Will be returning
Flimsy and thin. Flies unpredictably. Not like the thicker Kong frisbee I purchased in store.
No instructions came.. the product is dirty and appears to be used. Huge disappointment
Even though my dogs measurements fell within the range stated the item was way too small and supplier would not take it back. Even though it had just arrived the day before I was told it was past the allowed return period.
I sprayed this all over the house and even straight on our animals, didn't seem to make a difference
My dog was taking this with no improvement in health
We live in Northern Cal where fires start if you sneeze wrong so I gotta say I was not happy with this product esp since a return was not allowed. (Had to at least choose one star to publish)
Very poorly made. The buckles slide off the straps, the zippers fall off the sides, no straps included for the sides to hook on to anything. Super disappointed
We opened boxes to assemble today and one of the handles to carry was broken. Very disappointed but no time to return. We need this weekend.
It worked great for a few months. Then the first time I left my cat alone for 4 days it stopped working.
I bought this item in May and it has unfortunately already broken. I liked the harness a lot but judging from my experience and others', it's not actually built to deal with the stress of a dog pulling. At the time of breaking my dog was not even running, we were walking along and he was attached to the bike, wandering back and forth a bit sniffing the trail. He pulled a bit on the harness and snap! One of the back straps, which are lower quality than the rest of the harness, broke at the seams. I can probably repair it, but next time I buy a harness I'll get one that's proven to last more than 2 months!
Don't buy these. If they don't work, you have to pay to return it. Not happy at all!!!
The bed is ok, my dog does lay on it. BUT it flattens as the foam inside is really cheap. I will probably have to add something inside to make it last longer
I purchased these because they said they were handmade and assembled in the USA. It says "Made in China" on the package. Initially these look like quality tug toys. But when one of them unraveled within seconds of a fetch game I noticed that these appear to be black string covered by a thin layer of cloth that gives it that braided look. My dog has one other tug toy that was given as a gift. She has freely played with it for months and it is still in tact so she is not rough on her toys. Seconds is all it took for the rope ball. Black strings on the floor. MADE IN CHINA! False advertising.
Absolutely nothing changed. While my little girl doesnt have a strong smell,I thought I would try something to decrease her animal scent a little. Honest doesnt smell any different.
my puppy is never intrested in the texture/smell/taste of any the bones, she would rather chew ANYTHING but these !
I believe this was a knockoff brand. Sentry was no where located on the bottle. And it didn't give the high pitch noise my previous sentry bottle gave. Very dissatisfied
Poorly made, when try to assemble, holes are not aligned properly...
The item I received does not match the photo nor actual description of the product listed.
I liked the size and the way it looked but unfortunately it did not work
My small puppy destroyed this toy within a day and also ingested a few pieces because the bristles easily comes off when chewed. I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND BUYING THIS FOR YOUR PUPPY!
I paid 50.00 a piece for two of these heating pet pads. One quit working two weeks after I got it, the other quit working 5 months after I got it. The first one was replaced by the manufacturer but it's too late for the second one. Don't waste you money.
This is for a right hand person and not for thin hair dog yorkie
I ordered these as replacements while my typical go-to Amazon product was out of stock. I found the reviews 50/50 people who said they worked well and others who did not. I am now on the 'will not buy again' side due to minimal absorbance and poor odor control.
The metal bracket the is supposed to hold the bowls only goes halfway around the bowls- it is a “c” shape design... it does not really hold the bowls at all! Plus they are very small even if they wirked.
I bought this ball thinking it would be a great alternative to our usual Kong balls, but what a wast of time and money. The ball we received was covered in dirt which looked like dirt from a factory floor. The ball was made of very flimsy material that had a horrible chemical odor. I had to wash my hands after handling the ball to remove the odor. Returned for a refund. I'm not sure if it was a knock-off of the item or not, but I'm sticking with Kong from now on. Amazon was great with the return process which is why I love to shop on Amazon.
Very unsteady can't tighten up
I was excited to try this and was let down on so many levels. The plastic pieces do not stay attached and they take part of the wall off with it. The gate it way to be for any door way . If you have big dogs it's a joke!
It has been running a week and the water is still murky . In the past, the water would clear within a few days. I wonder if it's working properly.
My dog chewed through the strap within an hour of putting it on. Terrible design.
Cats loved these but they fell apart the first time they played with them.
These are not the same as the American ones these stink and I will not use them.
The defective product has been shipped.
Light didn't work out of the box.. When I shake it the light flashes on and off.. No good..
This broke the first time we played with it. Not durable at all! Very sad.
Holes are too small for any kind of food to get through. Fish were trying for hours to get the blood worms out
I would not recommend their product at all. It burned my dog. I didn't realize it because he never made a fuss but he kept scratching at his neck so I took the collar off and found several scans and marks where the collar was. See photo. Do not buy for your dog! We hardly ever even used the shock because usually the beep or vibrate options worked fine.
Beeps and goes off when they dog stops barking but doesn't go off when she is barking. Waste of money and not useful!
We bought this off the high ratings but the product didn't work at all for us. We have 2 barkers and it didn't deter them one bit. Maybe we got a lemon.
Poor quality, flimsy, wobbles, rough finish catches skin and clothing...going back
Dim on arrival and bit the dust entirely after 3 days. No good.
The Splinter off into small pieces too easy. If you care about your dog, don't get these as you may end up having to take your dog in 4 intestinal issues.
Just didnt work out for my short haired chihuahua. Would comb near to nothing out but the couple times it got a bit more, it would fall everywhere or get combed back in instead of staying in the brush. 😕 i hear such great things about this so i was dissapointed after trying it out. Perhaps its best to use a regular brush for short haired dogs.
What the hut is of giant size in his good for the turtle and the turtle does seem to like it the would on outside has just been falling apart as you can see on the bottom right side and have not even had it a week.
I bought this for my son's cat. It arrived with no instructions. My son charged the toy and turned on the "on" button and it is not working. Without the instructions, we don't know if we are supposed to do something else to get the toy to work.
My rottie pup literally had it in pieces within minutes!!!!! I was told it would be strong!! I was very disappointed!!!
At first I thought it was a very good bowl and a good purchase, then within a week my dog chewed a hole in it so basically this is not a great deal
They keep sending the wrong size... even on the replacement!!!!!!
I can't even imagine why anyone would want a puppy pad where the urine leaks right through to the floor. That is the craziest thing I've ever heard of. I should have read the reviews first because many noticed the same problem. I would have never ordered had I known. I returned them after the fact. Don't waste your time.
Broke within a couple weeks of use ... very disappointed. The plastic adjusters broke on both leads and there is no “safety” securing of the collar clasp (not sewn to the lead) ... which means our pup got loose twice
The dog treats I bought did not come out easily enough for my dog to enjoy the Busy Buddy Barnacle Treat Dispenser.
This company got my order totally wrong ?
Bought the X-Large Nylabone for my daughter's 1 year old Rottweiler. The pup loved the bone ... for about 1 hour. In that hour, she started tearing the green rubber off of the shank. There was a smooth metal tube under the rubber. I had to take the bone away to prevent her from swallowing the green rubber pieces or breaking her teeth on the metal tube. Does the dog love it, Yes. Is it durable, NO. Is it dangerous, Possibly; if she swallows the rubber or breaks her teeth on the metal tube. Not something you can leave with the dog and walk away.
It said it was supposed to help reduce dog anxiety and be tear resistant. Lasted about five minutes before my dog got through it and tore it through the crate. Would not recommend.
Our tortoise refused to eat the food with the supplement sprinkled on it, no matter how lightly we applied the powder.
Pup did not like product. Even put peanut butter on it. Did not care for it. She is not a picky eater but this product was a no no. Guess I am sticking with pig ears. Waste of money
Worked well for the first month. Would stay lit for over an hour. Right after that, and the return window, it goes dead in under 5 minutes after a full charge.
I'm a huge fan of crystal cat litter and have tried a bunch of different kinds depending on what's on sale. I will only use this brand in a pinch. It is not nearly as effective as other brands. It tends to get smelly really quick and boy does it ever smell awful when that happens. My cats get very upset.
These batteries will not function properly in the collar and will void your lifetime warranty. They have contact points that will not engage the posts properly and not provide an adequate contact. They will fall out of the receiver and not stay in.
Came broken. Shipping was so fast and packaging looks great! So I was surprised to open the box and right away spot the broken product. Total bummer as my daughter was really looking forward to using this for her rabbits.
this is a used item and was not advertised as one
We have a big dog and a little dog. This thing is so fiddly that by the time you've got it all together I can easily have done their paws the old fashioned way much faster. The colored bit in the center comes out but is hard to clean, then hard to get back in the jar. We tried to use just the plastic jar but it was useless. Ended up donating it to a dog rescue.
Order did not arrive!
Low quality glass and fabrication. Mounted to my tank for one week, and it just broke without touching.
Our kitten looked at this toy and then looked at us like "am I supposed to be amused by this thing?". Back it went.
don't waste your time or money. doesn't work at all.
I bought because the reviews were good but these are super thin and the pee spreads so you have to change often. I have a six month old mini-dachshund and the picture is for one use. I won't buy again
Way to small for my 16 pound dog . I ordered a medium and it wasn't even close
This product worked for like the first month. I was proud of the results. Then, it stopped working. My dog figured out it stopped working and stated to bark all the time. I changed the batteries and still didn't control my dogs barking. Didn't work when she barked. Every now and then it would beep when she shook her head. But stopped working when she barked. For the cost of this product, I was hopping for a better product. Now I have a useless collar which barely does anything. And on top of that, replacement batteries are hard to find. You have to speacial order them online. Which delays the time of this product.
Cheap. Fell apart almost immediately!
No stars,, not the beautiful light green I expected and I put in some water and it turned it cloudy glad I didn't add to fish tank or frog tank I would have been having to clean out my whole system, is that really how they are suppose to look, I hope not
At first, we loved this fountain and so did our cats. But after only about 6 weeks, it developed a leak and flooded our new wood floor. It will be very expensive to fix the floor and I will never buy this fountain again.
The product smells foul, hard to describe the smell because it wasn't chemicals but rather manor/dead animal. I let it air out, washed it, and it still stunk up my entire car. I ended up throwing it out after the smell in my car became unbearable. A week after disposing of it my car still stinks. I am going to have to use baking soda to hopefully get the smell out once and for all. Do not buy this product!!
Not sure if the product was expired or not but it didn't work.
The sizes are way too small the large would probably fit a Chihuahua try to get a hold of customer service however we can do that not happy with the sizes and the customer service
Hate to say it this thing is a pos the photo shown is an impossibility with this junk
Order was placed on January 14. It is now February 2. The shipping tracker indicates it may not arrive until February 7. Less than acceptable!
The photo says you will get a bird on a nest. I bought this because my cat had it previously and LOVED the nest but we lost it. I bought this and they shipped me a bug on a rock. I told them I got the wrong one and asked them to please send me a bird on a nest. They sent another toy which was nice of them but again I got a bug on a rock. Annoying.
I NEVER RECEIVED THIS...PLEASE ADVISE....THANK YOU
Bought to help litter box train young ferrets - They mostly refuse to use the litter box with this in there - and when they do it turns to a mush to dig out. Gross.
They sent me the wrong stroller they send me the four wheels stroller and I wanted the three wheel stroller.. other than that I love the shape I love the color I loved everything but I'm really disappointed I did not get my correct stroller that I order
This product was sold under a label which said it was for pet use. When I read the label, I learned that it contained alcohol, an ingredient not found on the label of the bottle I had bought from my veterinarian. It also did not have the word "Pet" on the label. When I attempted to return it, I learned that it was NOT returnable. Fortunately, my purchase price was refunded, but I'm still stuck with a bottle of Rescue Remedy for which I have no use.
Very disappointed. I waited for 2 weeks, when it finally came in 4 days after the expected date it was completely shattered. No way of salvaging it. I will never order from them again. The product was even made of a super thin material and was just poor quality. Do not order this, I will be getting a refund!!
Seller never shipped my item. Never responded to messages. Amazon had to refund me for non-receipt.
Directions PLEASE !!!
Gives the cats hard stools and constipation will never ever never ever buy this again. I feed it to the pigeons now
In the picture it shows 2 balls which is what I wanted. I also thought they were much smaller seeing as these are intended to be toys for birds. I got this for my parakeet but it's the same size as her! She's not scared of it and she's pushed it around a few times but overall isn't interested in it.
Sent a defective , sharp, thin end piece. Promised to send replacement, but never did. I would not buy again from this company when there are so many others to choose from.
The suction is of course useless if you like me have your kitchen faucet on the floor above your tank. Ended up putting the hose in and sucking the tube and dumping outside on the grass. Ok to fill the tank.
This item broke after 5 minutes the wand snapped in half
I thought this would have some kind of lasting cooling technical fabric, but no such luck. I had to keep rewetting it. I could've just put a t-shirt on my dog and dumped water on him. I returned it.
Too soft. Not steady enough. Dogs hated it!! Maybe if you bought when they were puppies, but they don't trust it. (20 pounds is too much for this.)
It is cheaply made and broke within the first week of receiving it.
First this product had a very strong plastic smell. Second, no matter how you adjust it, it doesn't work. My three dogs want nothing to do with it. The company also does not stand behind the product.
The package said 2 to 3 inches! I had about 5 pieces in the bag shorter than described also some were the thickness of a pen or pencil. I will not purchase that brand again,I included a picture.
Did nothing for my dog (s).
January 17th !! When I ordered, it said January 11th. That's just great.... not in a good way.
. . . it caused a BIG mess. We didn't like this bowl, so we threw it away.
I have a large breed dog whose an aggressive chewer. He typically loves rope toys. He won't touch either of these.
I just received this dog toy 5 days ago. It posed a very serious risk to my dog. The bristle part of this toy literally shredded in his mouth and the toy became embedded in his gums, with blood oozing all over carpet. It had to be manually dislodged from his mouth. I vacuumed up loose bristles. I am concerned that he swallowed the sharp bristles.
I loved the design of this fountain and my cat, who needs it because he has kidney disease, enjoyed it, but since receiving the fountain in April, I have had to buy two replacement pumps. The original lasted two months, the last two pumps lasted only a couple of weeks each. I have been careful to never let the water get too low. In fact the pumps have run well one day and then just stopped running the next. It is unaffordable to keep replacing pumps.
I have bought these cow ears several times, and I have always been very happy with them. Until this shipment. There were what I think were caterpillars in the bottom of the packaging. I almost threw up. So disgusting, but not sure if it means the ears are bad. Ugh. I will have nightmares for weeks.
Bought 2, both leak from the same spot, dead center where there appears to be a defect in the mold! Little hole the size of a toothpick in each dish. Couldn't see it at first, filled them then came home to a big puddle several hrs later! Checked the 2nd one and sure enough sane hole, same spot. Don't buy!
Ordered for her Birthday, didn't come on time, tried to cancel it. (Ordered on Oct 6, didn't come until October 14). And not only that, I finally get it today, and the product is all crumbled up.
Edit: I threw it out after it stretched out, and stopped working. Also just looked dirty all the time. Bought anothet style from an outside brand, and am having great results. Avoid wasting money on this product. Old review: The reflective material logo began splitting and cracking apart within a few days. It stains easily. It holds water when wet. My dog is active, but we aren't running triathlons. It looks gross. Will go with a different brand in the future.
i wish there's any instructions given and not just a comment of "put a little pressure on the tank display section to hold it in place while pushing the cover up and it will pop right off." well i did applied pressure, it didnt come off. I tried and tried again until eventually i left with a broken aquarium and a bloody hand. a waste of money..
Returned this product was junk
Sent medium sized instead of large, which is what I paid for...frustrating!
a waste, and a quite clicking sound
Product had 4 smashed open cans in box, what a frigging mess!
Missed the window to return by 1 day. Thought 30 days from delivery; but Amazon gives your 30 days from order?? Now have a worthless piece of rubber.
If I could would rate 0 stars!!!! Never even got my package!!!!! Horrible!!
Not worth the price, this toy lasted 10 minutes.
Worked one day after that no good
Small puppy chewed through it in minutes. Waste of money. :(
This is too small product, don't buy it, i already have struggled with this because i can have my refunds because the return cost me more than the product, so I stuck with the useless stuff in my house. Thankyou
The pictures show the litter in pellet form. What I recieved was a bag of sand that stuck to my pets feet when he used it.
Junk. Don't waste your money. Sticks to the scoop and the pan.
I used this leash at the humane society where I volunteer. The first time I used it, the plastic piece came off that seperates the handle and leash part to which it cut my finger. I have returned it since.
This was not what I ordered , I ordered a peanut butter Bully Bone . These pens were delivered today and I did not order them .
We put our 10 pound chihuahua in the crate and she ripped through it the very first day.
I wouldn't recommend buying this surface skimmer because the one I got is not cut even so it will not sit flush against the back of the my fish take. If you place it on the glass there is gaps from it being poorly cut which makes it useless... money down the drain
So it just makes a hissing noise that isn't even loud. Sounds like a kid with a gap between his front teeth trying to whistle. Save your money and learn to whistle.
6 cans not in description! Very deceptive
6 inches, anyway I measure.. I order "2 large" pieces and they were VERY small seems.. won't be ordering them buyer again SNS..
Not happy with this, cant' get it to cut without tearing. Instructions aren't helpful at all.
this is not cat food but treats
Bought these at the end of December. Put them in the tank mid January. Within 3 weeks the color has started fading from the silk plants. Would never buy these again. They faded so quickly. Usually silk plants last 2-3 months. Very unhappy. Also the edges started fraying as well.
I bought a cage for my second dog to have while we go on vacation. I pull the cage out of the cardboard box and there is shit stain on the bottom piece!! Supposed to be brand new I thought?! And secondly, I the other cage I have is way more sturdy and not made out of cheap stuff like this one is. Just overall not a good product do not buy from them
Product was complicated to put together, screws didn't even go all the way in the holes. Crate was very flimsy.
had to use a lot of the product for one cat bath
Worked perfect for a month, then stopped.
I heard some good things about this and now fully regret the purchase. I had a rubber mat before that caught most of any litter my two cats would track out, but wanted something that could catch more. The problem is now my cats daily pee on this mat instead of in the box and do their #2 in the box. I had to swap back to the rubber mat to stop this and tossed this mat, something about the collected litter and thicker mat lets them think it's another bathroom rather than a litter collector.
These replacements are shorter than the original wands that came with the toy. My cats find the replacement to be uninteresting because of that -- they had the good stuff and now this replacement wand isn't nearly as good. Also, the part that screws on to the toy is shorter, so it doesn't fit snugly and falls off easily.
It does not work at all!!
Done ordering food here! Last THREE times box is opened & damaged & bag of food is damaged. Then I'm expected to lug the bag to ship it back? Should just refund when such damage & poor service. what an inconvenience to me as the customer. Would give negative stars if I could. Dog food is excellent. Service sucks.
I could not connect and disconnect the prongs easily – I returned this product.
This collar DOES NOT work at all...We put it on our 7lb Pomeranian . Poor girl has a flea allergy, so she loses her fur and they really mess her uo. I didn't want to continue giving her the chemicals, so I bought this . Before we put it the collar on we gave her a flea dip, but within hrs they were back torturing her even more. The collar has a strong odor, and and is a complete waste of $$.
The heat bulb was defective and would not work
It took off little hair. Was not impressed
These are DANGEROUS, do not order. The buckles do not stay fastened, and worse, if another puppy grabs the end they can tighten the collar and it will refasten at a very tight setting. We found a puppy CHOKING within a half hour of wearing these. The ones that were not choking from it tightening were completely off. Junk and HAZARDOUS. These will KILL puppies, this product should be taken out of production and thrown away immediately.
Had to return. When I opened it was missing parts an from the looks of it the product was not new which is what I had purchased.
Product came opened and damaged and unable for me to use. In addition it is not able for return?!!! Not great. I wouldn't recommend at all.
The bulb exploded over my turtle's tank after only a few hours of use, very poor quality product.
My little 7 pounder loves her squeaky balls, These do not squeak!!!
Ordered this product for my cat before leaving out of town (back in December). The day I received the product and tried to set it up-- it did not work. Wouldn't even turn on. Called PetNet directly for trouble shooting and after going through the process, was advised to send back. I requested a return the SAME day I received the product and shipped back to Petco with the label Amazon provided me. It is now mid February and I still have not received a refund-- I've sent several messages to find a resolution and all I get is the infamous "run around". I'm extremely disappointed-- all I wanted was a functioning product at the very least but then would have been great to receive help/great customer service with the product not working-- in the end (almost 2 months later) I have no product and am out $200 and having a VERY difficult time getting a refund. STAY AWAY and purchase somewhere else!
Product was never received.
We bought this for our boxer that we had just adopted and had a BIG shedding problem. We followed the instructions for his weight and after about 2 or 3 weeks of giving him the oil served over his food we noticed his back legs acting weak and would almost give out on him. The oil was the only new thing so we decided to stop using it and noticed after a few days/a week he was back to acting normal. Went a sometime without the oil and decided to do a test and start the oil back up and noticed his back legs started getting less stable again and so stopped right away. Also never noticed any difference in shedding.
This gate does not work. We bought it for our new puppy and even with the feet on it he could move it.
The collar didn't work and my chihuahua neck is so small I would of had to cut the collar. Glad I didn't due to it not working
What an awful design. This ONE TIME I left the grate in the bottom of the cage since I had a young parakeet that spent a lot of time down there. I found her yesterday morning with her foot stuck in the grate, dead. She had tried to free herself and pulled her leg out of socket. She was a young parakeet that meant the world to me...I will never find anyone like her and THIS cage is the reason she is dead. ***Note to those reading this, always take your grates out of all cages.
What a rip off. Said 4 bags we got 1
It literally did not work at all. Like the first time I tried to use it hair was getting stuck in it and it wasn't cutting at all.
We have a medium hermit and we wanted to upsize in the shell for him. This was VERY HEAVY and we are unable to use the shell for him. This reminds me of a shell you would find in the beach and take home and set on the shelf. It was huge for a crab. No recommended for a hermit. Size was about 5-6 inches big.
I guess I should be grateful that the plastic film on this started bubbling immediately, considering the other reviews I just read that other dogs had broken their teeth on this. I just gave this toy to my year old bulldog yesterday and found that the plastic film is bubbling on the toy. I was shocked to see that there was a plastic film on it, as that seems to be a definite hazard. It's already gone in the trash, along w the other two Nylabones that came with the order.
I ordered this item and it arrived without the lid. I requested to return it for a new one, they let me keep the original. Low and behold, I received the replacement and it also does not have a lid. Totally sealed
My Jack Russell Terrier destroyed this in less than a week. The material does not seem durable.
Doesn't work. My cat still chewed wires and even chewed up the spray part of the bottle :/
Currently, I own four Labs and show them and have nine other crates from other manufactures. My new car is more narrow than my old one so I bought this new crate which is more narrow than most other crates. It Warning; it is not suitable for a dog over 20 pounds!! it is cheaply made with extremely thin gage wire. My handles do not slide easily either. I won't ever use it; it is junk!!! I wish I could rate it a 0.
Taking forever to get the product. Tracking info is not updated.
Our dog still chews his leash.
Normally this is an awesome product my puppy loves and is great to use as training treats! But....this bag had a small tear in it and food is super dried out. I don't want to bother shipping it back so I'm hoping for a credit or replacement bag?
I was hopeful this product would work, but it didn't have any improvement on my dogs under eyes. The liquid left a yellow pigment on the eyes making it look worst than when it started. We used it diligently for weeks to give it a fair shot but in the end it didn't make a difference.
The pictures don't show it, but there's a strap that also goes around the dog's stomach, so my male dog had a strap going right over his penis. I was going to return it, but I would have to pay first class shipping so I just kept it but it can't be used.
This product didn't stop my cat from peeing. I wouldn't suggest it to anyone!
Have had several of these over the past 5 years - the last two I ordered have not worked properly. Unfortunately I've missed the return window by one day as I was out of the country for the past 3 weeks.
It hard to put it up when your missing the hardware. My husband tried to find alternative but not with alot of trouble.
We bought XL for our lab based on the description on the site and from the size of it looks like it wont even fit a small dog. Please do not waste your money on this product!!!
I was excited to get this because it was so pretty but it was missing a part and I tried to call to get the replacement but I ordered it on a different type of Amazon which isn't affiliated with Amazon which is weird but they wouldn't help me so I am sending this back and in process of a refund please do not buy this from a third-party buy it brand new I made the mistake of buying it used trying to save a couple of bucks but it was missing a part
I really wanted to like this product. We got it to leave in our garage pen when we are away from home. We tried it out in the living room for a week to allow them to get acclimated to it. One of our dogs scratches or pats down her bedding prior to laying down and scratched a hole in the pad itself pretty quickly. Between the two of them they chewed off the "Chew resistant" coating on the cord and separated the cord from the temperature unit. Very unhappy with this product!
So small. Sizing is so incorrect . Don't buy this
Too small...... said it would fit an SUV. It does not. Seatbelts holes don't even match up so had to just lay it over my back seat.
Received package... No external box damage, but inside shipping box: one can busted opened and was spoiled, three cans were very dented but usable. Remaining 8 cans okay.
Chewed up in minutes
Amazon delivered this item to a house with kids toys and took a picture of it sayin it was safely delivered. I don't have kids and the picture was not my house. I could not find any place on my order page to alert them of their mistake. So this was the only place I could write what happened. I never got this item, but was charged for it. Nice business model Amazon. Put a button on the details page for "we screwed up".
My dog ripped it apart in minutes
This slid right off my senior pug. She wasn't down for this in the slightest and it didn't stay on.
Item arrived with smash cans! The envelope containing the food was soaked with smelly cat food from the broken cans. It was a disgusting mess.
Seemed perfect size and worked well but retractor broke after one day of use and was not even being tugged on or pulled hard. Returning product and looking for another brand.
Our medium-size dog tore right through this and devoured a HUGE volume of the gel itself before we were aware and could intervene. She has been purging the gel from her system in chunks for a while now. Would definitely advise caution. Reached out to the company to explain what happened with our dog and see if we could get a refund and got no response at all, so on top of everything--lousy customer service.
Product stops working after less than 2 days in the tank
Glue is very weak. 1 day and the handles came off. Used my own double sided tape to keep them on
Please locate my package! It never got delivered.
I have a old 18 pound dog that was able to destroy this in minutes. I gave the second bone to my other dog that is large and young. She ripped it to pieces in a matter of seconds. Don't waste the money.
This did not work at all what so ever for my dogs. Every dog is different but I am just speaking from my own personal experience with this item.
The toy is loud and scared the cat. the sensor barely works. Ran out of battery after 2 weeks (duracell)
This is absolutely not the product we received. I expected two stainless steel bowls mounted in the mat. All we got was a cheap pink mat shaped like a bone. No bowls. Junk.
They send me wrong item and I am still trying to correct it. Very disappointed.
I believe the one I received is defective. The tunnel won't zip to any of the ports on the hub. Over a dozen tries. No luck.
Amazon is a joke don't buy this it's not even two months old and it burnt up killed my fish and about burned my house down and Amazon won't help me
The box was not delivered though Amazon tracking says it was. I seem to have no way to get a refund or communicate about this other than posting thos review.
Our kitties wanted nothing to do with this. They have always liked catnip oil so I could not imagine why this time. I sniffed the bottle & YUCK! No wonder. It smelled nothing like catnip. Maybe I got a bad bottle but this was horrible. Very disappointing. We will go back to catnip oil that we have used in the past.
Horrible never buying from them again they sent me a smashed plant that was dead in a bag i wish i can put no stars but won't let me
Bought these by mistake. My dogs don't like them. Buy the soft chews instead.
The image shows four bells. The title of the item does not indicate less than 4. The actual quantity of two is not clearly indicated except buried in the item description. The amount paid ($7) is far too high a price for the actual amount of product (2).
I recieved a bottle of 1000mg rather than the 2000mg I ordered. Since I had already used 1/3 of the oil before notice the difference(labels are similar) this is rather distressing. I don't see how I can return a product I've used, but I also didn't receive the correct item. I cant figure out how to contact the seller.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! I have used this dog leash for five weeks and it has already quit working properly. It locks and unlocks on it's own! I am very dissatisfied because I have owned the product for two months and five days and I am unable to return it according to Amazon.
Bulb burned out in about a month.
Only gets one star. I've only had the collar for little over a month and it has already stopped working. So disappointed.
The product is fine but the delivery time is horrible. Go to the store or another on line provider.
When I move the shipping box litter came pouring out of it. Wonder how much I lost in transit.
It doesn't stay on the bottom on the bowl. My dog ended up taking it out and chewing it like it was a bone. Needless to say it was thrown in the trash.
My pit destroyed these - and now that I see the other reviews with horrific tales of large dogs choking to death on these, I am throwing them all in the garbage or will donate them to the owner of a smaller dog.
While the item was packaged in a nice box, the bowl had a very large crack in it. This made it unsuitable for use. I had to return the product and buy elsewhere.
I have used my Halti training lead since October, 2018 to walk my dog. But it has begun to fray at one of the metal rings and it is is the end of November, 2018. I really like the versatility of the lead but have concerns about the fraying. I like the fabric the lead is made of. I like that it is flat and not round.
This broke within 1 month of receiving it. My dog is only about 8 pounds and managed to break it from pulling. I don't recommend.
I don't know if this is supposed to be a replacement for the original version, but it' has no redeeming value whatsoever. Doesn't hold food, cats can't get at it. The white plastic piece is perhaps good to store a mop on top of. Waste of money,
The pad over heated, started smoking and melted the cord. Good thing it did catch on fire. I didn't even want to it give it 1 star but it would not let you by pass that
I gave this one star because this bed is nothing like the picture. It's flat and lumpy, so I opened it up and it is not actual memory foam it is shredded mattress foam very dissatisfied
Got the "large" , its a joke ! At best it would fit a 13 / 20 pound dog, or a cat.
The shocking unit fell off the collar on a run, It was lost and never found. Waste of my money
The snaps and other connections were loose and don't stay together at all. It came apart when trying to aid my senior dog going up steps.
VERY irritated. i paid for the cage and recieved a cover after waiting over a week. now they want me to return the cover, wait for the refund, then reorder. so if you dont mind playing games for over a MONTH for what you want, go for it.
I didn't get it it says it was delivered yesterday yet I didn't get it
Tried twice. Nothing grew.
I have a little white dog that has seasonal allergies. I ran across this shampoo, hoping it would help. I couldn't get past the absolutely horrible smell. I can't tell you if it actually works as advertised, I can only tell you the smell is horrendous.
I have spent over 65 hours trying to get this filter to pump water. Filling full all hoses so no air and nothing. Pump impeller is spinning but zero flow. I can't see after reading all the bad reviews that this company continues to sell this defective pump with this obvious fault or that Amazon allows them.
One of the locations for the snapping the locks to hold the two pieces together was broken on arrival. I tried to lock the other 5 and check out the crate for weight and feel. As i carried it, the bottom fell apart with a loud noise on the floor with my puppy nearby. He is now absolutely terrified of this and refuses to go in it. This seems to have had a traumatizing experience for my puppy and i certainly would not recommend anyone else to use this at all. It is flimsy, poorly built and broken on arrival. I will be returning this.
These were well made but my puppy is approximately 2 pounds and I can't fasten the tabs. They are too small.
Takes way longer than 2 weeks. It also takes 2 weeks to arrive back to them. They've taken my money and not given me the results. I sent this to them May 15th. They claim they didn't receive it until May 28th. It's now two and a half passed May 28th. First time I called they said it should take 1 - 2 weeks after May 28th to get my results. Now that it's passed that, they're saying last week of June. Save your money and go with wisdom panel. They had the results to us so quick and they're not even advertising 2 weeks like these scammers.
Dog ate it with in a half hour
Took the bag out of the box only to discover it was open and guinea pig was all over the place. I had to clean the hallway, living room and kitchen I called Amazon, they asked for pictures, I didn't know I was supposed to stop and take pictures of spilled guinea pig all over my house. My concern was to clean it up. I had just drove 620 miles and walked in my house and opened the box. Last thing I needed to deal with. Well Amazon did nothing for me !! So I had to go and spend more money on a new Unopened Bag at the store. Thanks for wasting my money Amazon, really appreciated that gesture of kindness on your part !!!
My dogs are 15 and 20 pounds and the stairs slide as soon as the dogs touch them even a little. Beautiful looking, but nonfunctional.
Bow tie came in soaking wet and smelled gross. Had multiple items in the box and this was the only thing that was wet.
I used this bedding for my hamster son and it gave him mites. DO NOT USE!!
It encouraged him to chew even more
Did not work, my dog removed it everytime with ease.
Wish I had read the reviews. I have three senior dogs and all three of my dogs had upset stomachs. They had me up several times in the middle of the night to go outside. I was feeding them the Blue Buffalo Senior and did not have any problems with it. Guess I will go back to it. Seller shipped product quickly. The food just did not agree with my dogs
Waterproof, smaller than I would have liked. Stainless bowls still slide all over the place on it. On a shelf in my closet now. Didnt work out for me. Waterproof yes.
Received the laser pen and it did not and still does work..
The tab on the collar fell off and the collar will not stay on. I will take it to a shoe repair shop and see if they can fix it it only had one stitch holding it in place. If the collar can not be fixed i will return it
I am amending my initial review for several reasons. First I sent the company an email (the only way to contact them) explaining that the pad was going through 9 volt batteries at the rate of 1 every 2 days! asking for advice. Never heard back from them, guess they don't care. Then they had an insert for a free grooming glove, if you wrote a review and also sent it to them, which I did. I have not received the glove. Guess they don't care, yet again. I am not using the mat as it is eating the 9 volt batteries like they are candy, but they are expensive. I don't recommend this mat and the customer support is really bad, they don't care! This was my original review, which I totally revoke now. Love this and it really works. Only problem I had was getting the 9 volt battery installed. I don't have a lot of strength in my thumbs anymore.
all it did for my dogs is nothing I will say don't buy it
This tag was delivered to me on January 2nd. It's super disappointing that it's just barely been over two weeks, and the text on the tag is almost completely worn off. It was a cute tag when I first got it, but the equality is not great.
I sent it back. It wouldn't shut up. It was going crazy before I even put it on my dog.
So, I was very hopeful this jacket would work but it did nothing. I mean nothing at all. I put it on and my guy was ok with it, but he still shook and barked in the car. I also tried the calming treats and they did nothing. I started giving thwm to him like 2 weeks b4 our trip to get them in his system. I was hopeful he would lay down in the car or at least relax. Nope.. still barked and whined. Oh well.. maybe something else will work. jacket went back
Never received this product
I have done a lot of dog training and this looked exactly like my warn out training pouch so I ordered two. One for myself one for my mom. Well unfortunately I really dislike them. It is extremely difficult to get your hand into the pouch while it is on your waist due to the way the strap attaches unless you have it so loose it's falling down. I wish I had realized this before using it so I could return them. Very disappointed.
I cycled two tanks side by side one with the product and one without. Nothing differs in terms of the cycling time.
The cover came with 2 holes. Contacted the seller and they avoided their responsibility stating that was when they put the tag on it. The holes are at the TOP of the cover. Picture attached. They refused to send me another cover and just wanted to give me a $6 voucher compensation out of a $100 pet bed. This is what they wrote "This small hole was formed after we took off the commodity tag. We can give you three two-dollar electronic vouchers as compensation. I hope you can accept it.Thank you!"
I followed directions on bottle and my carpet STILL has dog urine odor. This did absolutely NOTHING, but suds up my carpet.
Ordered a size L for our boxer (used measurements) only to have it only fit our chihuahua/pug mix.
Not a good skimmer. Used it for a day and threw it away. Didn't have a good bubble amount and it just didn't work very well. I wouldn't suggest it to anyone.
This should win an award for worst purchase ever. I received moldy sticks that smell like spoiled milk in a plastic container that looks like a car ran over it. My catnip-crazy cat literally tried to bury it like it was poo in the litter box and then wanted nothing to do with it.
This item won't hold a standard size role of bags; you have to get their own over priced brand of bags. Worst of all, even with prime, you can't return the item because it contains a "flammable liquid" I love the bag and sanitizer combo idea, but the execution was a flop. Also, a much smaller issue, the bottle the sanitizer comes in is really flimsy. It's almost like a slightly thicker milk container plastic and it detaches from the top part a bit easier than I would like. Not that big an issue when compared to the other one, but still something to note.
Returned. Bad quality.
Smaller than what's stated.. No padding.. Very thin
The inside bubbled over time, did not want to risk the health of my reptile with a faulty coating.
Ordered dog ear wipes. This came today. Outside label says "CAT ear wipes, lid was off, part of the contents was out of the container and the silver safety seal was loose in the shipping box. What the heck?!
I really wanted this to work. The hose comes with folds and kinks right from the package. The hose it way too long too. Trying to clean my 38 gallon tank with this was a chore instead of being much easier as I would have expected. With all of the folds in the tubing, water flow was sooooo sloooow.
This leash is garbage. The button sticks and the light is super dim. Only works 1/5 of the time. Don't waste your money
This almost started a fire in our house. Thank god i checked on it after being plugged in for a few hours it was so hot you couldn't even touch it!
shock feature does not work. not as advertised
I bought these to protect my dogs eyes. She's blind from cataracts, glaucoma and suffers frequent eye ulcers. I put them on and she immediately pushed them to the side so they were directly touching her eyeballs....exactly what I was trying to prevent. I haven't used them since.
Bag was busted inside the box don't think I'll buy online again. I believe it could've been better packaged..
This was falsely advertised with photoshopped cats in the product pictures to make it look bigger than it really is... I'm extremely disappointed. The middle tunnel wouldnt eve screws on like it's supposed to because the screws provided was too short. My kitten is almost already too big for thi thing and shes only 4-5 months old. Not what I expected at all.
I have had this for a little over a month and it has completely fallen apart, holes everywhere. I have a large dog and have only used it for normal outings, nothing intense, and it is totally useless at this point. Waste of money.
The other reviews are true. I've been getting this food for my dogs for a few months. I was getting the 15LB bag but decided to go with the 44LB bag since they were going through it so fast. Both my dogs have been very ill since I've been giving them the food from the new bag. They refunded my my money right away however I am still upset this happened.
This mirror arrived only in a plastic bag...no box. Mirror was cracked/broken
I may as well spritz water all over the place
It ripped within 2 days what a waste of money
if you care about your parrot don't get this food
These did not work on my dog's tear stains
Did not work , waste of money.
Its supposed to be silent...but isn't.
In a few words it's flimsy, screws loosen, cheap light weight materials, poor covering. Would never use with an adult cat. PITIFUL
First, the good. As advertised, this litter absorbs the urine making it the box very easy to clean out. The bad: it smells (urine) to high heaven after 2-3 days; when you clean it out, a dust cloud rises and covers everything in the kitty bathroom. Lastly, you will never be able to walk barefoot in your own home again. This litter tracks all over the house and when you step on it barefooted, you know you did.
Old one lasted a long time, I don't know if this new one was a knock off, or just a different color, but it lasted 10 minutes. Bottom popped off almost instantly.
I thought this would be good for my Boxer since it was supposedly made for horses. However, It burst the first time we played with it. There's NO WAY this would stand up to a horse!!! What a waste of money. I'm SO disappointed!
Not what I thought it would be...
This is the third time I've purchased this product, but this time i saw the mold and weird texture that other reviewers experienced. I will be trying to get a refund as there is no way I'm giving this to my dog.
Looked good at first until my 12 pound cat got in the scratching groove and the post tipped over on her, flimsy construction.
Extremely unhappy with this product. Absolutely ineffective and a total waste of $30. Do not buy this. I used it 2 times a day for three weeks on two cats that I had to feed separately. I ended up spending $200 at the vet with one pill that was effective.
We ended up returning. This doggie door was big enough for a human to climb through. Was not what we needed. Too big.
Nothing but paper at least a day
Arrived broken and beaten up. Died a few days later. Have mold in the tank a week later. You've all been warned. DO NOT BUY. Go to a LFS instead.
Didn't work at all for our dogs.
0 stars! Couldn't even remove it from the base!!! Handle broke and I cant return it!
I was not aware that I had ordered 38 # of litter! My Mistake but I need to return it for a smaller box. I can't even move this one! How do I do this? Please help.
I was excited to get my new mat after reading the positive reviews. Went down to my laundry room cleaned up the area and out in my family room,which has wood floors. Put my new mat down and went upstairs for the night. Was hoping that I would go down the next morning and my wood floors would be clean. Wrong just as much litter on floor as before I bought new mat. Did not work for me, will keep on looking.
I might have expected this type of product to leak if left down for an extended period of time but overnight? With a 12 pound dog? I would return it but it is already soiled. Waste of money.
The mini sd card will not stay put, even tried to tape it but it will not seat properly Bummed majorly that I'll have to return it, had big hopes for my old girl to have some peaceful tunes during the day while I'm gone at work.
I liked it in the beginning but its discolored now and ugly
Never received order would like a refund
The product is perfect. The rating is for all of the headaches to finally get it. My order was cancelled twice and it took o e a month to fi alot get the product.
worked great, dialed in the temperature and had no problems BUT had it less then 3 mnths and it's dead. Bought it for a 55gal kept at 83. thankful I bought a thermometer, noticed ich on my guppies, ugh, theres babies in there and now I worry about loosing them all, getting another one asap but probly not this brand since I have to replace it so soon.
I was really excited to use this product, and had it unboxed for maybe a day or two when I noticed a really funky smell. On the side of the grass near the box, in multiple different patches there was mold! I understand it is a natural product that probably will mold given the right circumstances and amount of time, but I received it 3 days ago. Not okay.
I just purchased this small bowling pin for my Scottie. He loves squeak toys! It does not squeak!! I have squeezed it over and over to no avail. It is sturdy yet flexible, but he could care less about it if it does not squeak. Very disappointing.
These are garbage. I change my cats water every week ,I clean the filter and use another week.These are extremely gross after 2 weeks even cleaning them after a week.SO THEY ARE ONLY GOOD FOR A WEEK. Drink wells are way better quality.
My cat isn't usually picky, but putting this on his favorite food made him not eat it.
This is no more than the $5 blankets you can get at any dollar store or any discount store. It is NOT thick like the pictures show. Very small and not worth 5 bucks. Very unhappy with this purchase
They are not what I expected...much smaller. Have small dogs but must use 6 for them to have room to spin and go potty. Wont order again!
This product did not work as described. It barely combed any hair off of our Labrador. It doesn't come close to working as well as our Furminator. It was returned.
The material is cheap and easy to break.
Our dog's tooth is broken.. now having tooth extraction surgery.. :( be aware! ...
DO NOT BUY THIS! I got it in October. I thought the two fish that died were sick. I cleaned the tank, threw out gravel, plants, etc. I restarted the tank with new gravel and plants, and this heater. I put two fish in the tank after a few weeks of cycling and they died too. It's shorting out and killing my fish. VERY unhappy.
Wrong size sent. I ordered a 32oz and received a 16oz. Now I get to go through the hassle of returning.
Broke the first time I tossed it for my dog, I would be cautious of this item if your dog is an aggressive chewer.
We have a Corgi, weights maybe 20lbs. We bought this for when we travel to give him a big more room than his old one. he really likes it and even sleeps in it while at home. However... twice it has fell apart while carrying from the handle. I recommend a stronger carrier for anything larger than a small cat.
I pulled out the plastic battery tab and turned it on per instructions. Set it on the tile floor in front of my cat, and the mouse did one small circle and stopped. I waited, the cat pawed it a few times, and nothing. I tried turning it off and on, taking out batteries and reinstalling, and nothing - it's dead just like that!
I can not believe I ordered this. It is tiny. The pictures must show an outstanding specimen, it is very misleading.
Mat is hard plastic and slips all over metal crate. Our rabbit does not like it. :(
These did not work as well as advertised and the blue backing started tearing away from the glove after the first use
Got twisted a lot and wasn't properly untangling the leashes. It broke after about one month of having the leash and I almost lost my dog. Total waste of money, do not purchase.
This gave my dog blisters so we had to put it in boiling water and adjust it for his face. Works fine now, but we our dog should not have had to suffer from having blisters on his face and we should not have had to make adjustments to it.
These don't work for poop situations. What I bought them for. I would go a size up also. Measured and my dog should have been a large, large is a tad small.
Don't know what happened! When I opened it's was like this. I am very disappointed!
This is not about the product. This is about my continual battle to have the correct product delivered. This is the 3rd time I have received Natural Balance Vegetarian Formula when I ordered the Duck/potato formula. Twice I have called and explained but it has not helped one bit. This product is decidedly mislabeled at the storage warehouse. I explained that 3 times and asked that it please be double checked before sending so that the proper cans would be sent. They ignored me and sent the same thing again.
I don't know what's wrong. Previously I had the Gentle Leader and worked perfect, no jumping, but broked and I decided to this one because o saw the material looked more resistant. But is not working she jumps loose from her nose. I bought number 3 she is 35 pounds. Can u replace for number 2? Will work?
I bought these treats for my dog. At first I didn't know if my dog was just not a fan of the taste or how hard these were, which is why I bought the minis so he had more of a chance to bite them. In order for him to even chew it properly, I have to break it in little pieces and he is not much of a fan of the taste. Then, it also impacted his stool - it went from normal, to diarrhea. I will not purchase these again.
I purchased both the Rabbit and the Peanut Butter and Oats Recipes. The rabbit flavored treats were perfect for hiding medications, as they were easily manipulated to hide them since they were fresh and tender. The second bag (Peanut Butter and Oats), which had not been opened, had very dry/hard treats that crumble immediately with any manipulation. My dog still enjoys them, but they are definitely not as tender as the other flavor. Not sure if it was a packaging issue, or if these are truly just drier than the other flavor.
Plastic junk, threw it away
I wanted something big enough for my phone. This does not work, its way too small for that.
this is for Amazon, not for beautiful bows. Not delivered yet !!!!!! Maybe will be here in 5 days, maybe not. DElayed delivery, I hate it
I gave our dog less than recommended dosage for her weight. She has thrown up and had diarrhea for 3 days. Taking her to the vet tomorrow. Nothing else in her diet has been changed.
Both the salmon and turkey flavors had bits of plastic in the food. I contacted the company and they called me about it. They then sent some coupons for me to use but I am afraid that the new food will be contaminated, also. This was from 2 different boxes, where I had ordered a second box before realizing what was in the food.
I bought this crate to match the Decore in my new house. The crate was broken a. Amazon replaced it. The second one is also damage. The white cage is supposed to be kept together by magnets. There are no magnets so the thing falls apart when you touch it. Terrible product.
Arrived damaged. Thin silver seal at the top was only partially attached. The product had brown streaks and smelled bad just like several other reviews on here.
Wasn't real! I don't know what was in that bottle but it for sure wasn't what usually is
It worked great for about a week and then I had to stop using it. Would leak the entire bowl on the floor. I took it apart and put it back together but still having the same issue. Useless. Sad because both my dog and cat loved it while it lasted
Thai items arrived damaged. The top right corner of the lid cracked and portion was missing! Also, the wheels were flung inside, while the baggy they were originally in, was ripped open.
Garbage. My dog had this destroyed within 30 minutes of receiving it.
this thing was in the rain for one day and i had to put it in rice for a long time. it didnt work at all and my dogs actually barked more. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!!!
Crap product. Not sturdy. the base is not heavy enough. My 17 year old dog broke it within 5 minutes.
I never received the product . Don't know where it is. And the topping on the cake ....can't return product. SCAM
Didn't last a year - priming plunger broke and now it is worthless.
My cat ripped it the second time I put him in it.
Last about 5 minutes. Not as strong as they said.
My cats will normally gobble Pill Pockets (of any flavor) down like candy, but neither of them would touch these !
It didnt work at all. It usually does in my dogs but this year it did nothing.
This does nothing to protect surgical site. Dog can easily still reach incision.
Missing a caster insert. Had to spend more money on Amazon to buy replacement part. Are you going to post this review Amazon? Because can't figure out what was wrong with my first review.
I Bought 6 of these Flea Collars trying to save a little money. BIG MISTAKE!!! BIG WASTE OF MONEY!!!I My cats are scratching just as much as before, IF NOT MORE!!! I should have spent the extra money and given my 6 cats a break from all the scratching and chewing of there bodies!!! One of my cats had tried to get thr color off and got it stuck in his mouth, which caused him to puke all over the inside of my house. And these colors have this weird smell that made my cats squint there eyes, as well as I did when they came to sit on my Lap. NEVER AGAIN!!!
Purchased on May 21, 2018 and as of 3 out of 4 of these bulbs already went bad as of June 26, 2018
Supposed to remove stains-it does not! Actually made the stain worse. I had to buy a different product that actually worked. Dont waste you money on this product!
These never arrived.
Listed by USPS as "delivered" but NOT in mail box, NOT in mail lockbox, NOT in apt office, & NOT delivered to my front door!
The pack I got did not grow at all and look like fake.
i would have to break my chihuahuas paw to get this on him, also i would need a third hand! One to hold his paw, and TWO to hold open the balloon. Impossible, impractical and a complete waste of my money, WHO wrote all these good reviews? They are Nuts or Lying
This light set worked great for the first 2 days. Now the lights continuously turns off and on. It doesn't just dims and changes colors, it actually goes off and comes back on with same color. It doesn't change colors.
Terrible quality. Came off all the time.
Have not received it yet!!!
This stuff is nasty. When you add water to it, it doesn't become soft or fluid... it gets the consistency of that slime stuff that kids like to play with. Its gross and has a strong herb smell. Dogs wont eat it.
My dog loves the treats but is able to pop them out within minutes. It takes him longer to eat the actual treat than to get it out of the ball.
The reason the price is so cheap is the cans are all dented. I'll be buying this locally from now on.
My Cichlids almost swim away from this food. They just don't like it. I don't know why. They are greedy with pellets and flakes.
I ordered the dog tag silencers in May 1, 2018 and received them June 10, 2018. A month and 10 days so ship something is absolutely ridiculous.
As you try to clean the tank you constantly have to keep resetting the magnet to the cleaner.
Suction cups don't stay on glass.
Great well it worked. Have had it for six months and the pump stopped working. The feature buttons in the front never worked from the time we bought it. It's been cleaned and maintained. Now I have filters and the fountain quit working and we won't buy another one. Would not recommend.
Beware- The quality looks beautiful from the photos posted by the company but the material is actually very cheap. I cannot believe I spent $139 on this product. It arrived looking nothing like the photos! The car seat is made from a material similar to styrofoam. I tried seeing how it would look in my car but it looks very junky. It feels cheap and will be impossible to properly clean in my dog has an accident. I'm working on returning the product right now. I rarely write negative reviews, but it's upsetting getting ripped off like this. Save your money! Also- the large size only stays in place if you strap it down using a seatbelt, and it almost broke my cars seatbelts. The large seat is too wide for most cars seatbelts to cover. So bizarre, returning ASAP.
Sorry, I followed instructions but it just didn't work with us. It stopped her barking but only at the moment I was blowing it, then she'd go right back. If I wasn't right there to blow it she kept barking. Maybe it's the dog, maybe it's me, but just didn't work. Thanks anyway.
My Goldendoodle had this toy for literally 5 minutes and had chewed through it. it was not at all good for any dog really cheap quality and I am really frustrated it took him 5 minutes to chew threw the legs.
When it worked it worked well. We used it 3 times, indoors, for training. We charged it once and it no longer works. None of the modes work. Not sure if it's the remote or the collar but it just stopped working. I should have listened to the reviews of other people saying it stopped working prematurely. Don't waste your money.
This is not for an extra small dog. My chihuahua swam in it. If I was able to use it I liked that it had nice security features where harness clips onto leash
He wouldn't use it , I even tried peanut butter.
Only one color works and it's green. Not happy since it's supposed to have red and blue.
No product. Mailing envelope not sealed!
5 minutes and it was destroyed.
If I could give this 0 stars I would. Total waste of money. Does not work at all. Instructions are in a different language. It did not catch or collect any cat hair.
My cat absolutely refused to eat BB. He backed away just at the scent of this cat food. He is 14 and I've NEVER seen him back away and refuse to eat his food!
Ice packs are useless. Would be okay for dry food.
I used an outlet on my kitchen island. The granite absorbed the oil from infuser and stained the island and granite above outlet.
Waste of money! Very flimsy. Broke after a week. Didn't realize this wasn't returnable. Would not have purchased had I known that.
Bought quite a few dangly cat toy things. They always break as my kitten pulls the feather/poof/toy thing off the end. This one was made of wire and I figured it might last. Nope. One week. That's it. Great disposable toy, but not worth it.
All the can of food I have been getting are dented cans and I don't appreciate it. I am stopping my re-orders
These lasted all of about 2 walks before falling apart. They wouldn't stay on our Bichon's feet either no matter how tightly I fastened them. Always twisted around. But when I put in a complaint, the company was very quick at giving me my money back. Would not have any reservation about shopping with them again.
I have two long haired cats one of which is a Ragdoll. This comb did not work at all for me. Teeth are too far apart to break up matted fur. Would not recommend it. For what it is, it certainly was not worth $15.
This worked perfectly in my tank for about six months. After six months it immediately stopped working. I was left with my fish swimming in about 15 degree lower water than it should be. This put my fish in danger. I will be contacting Amazon on money for my money back. Very disappointed. Amazon refuses to issue a refund for this fault item. It died after 6 months. Their return policy is to only refund after one month. I am extremely disappointed with Amazon's handling of this issue. BUYER BEWARE. AMAZON WILL ALSO SCREW YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!
They aren't moist! I have to wet them with water, defeating the entire purpose!
Very disappointed. Ordered the 30inch stairs twice from Amazon Warehouse and received 19.5 inch stairs. Returned both of them and Amazon Warehouse unable to correctly send item ordered.
Bedding is fine but am a Prime member and selected two day shipping, posted delivery is 5 days from order date. This is becoming more common throughout Amazon. Prime members beware.
Item did not work. Despite many attempts to use it wouldn't work properly.
doesn't stay in container, returned without a problem
The pump stopped working after a couple of weeks of use
Not chew resistant!! Thank God this wasn't plugged in.
This toy like many others does not live up to its chew resistant claims. 6 month old puppy pointer. Demolished the toy in 10 minutes.
Not very sticky, did not work
After putting these in my fish tank, I had two nasty algae blooms that killed 3 fish I've had over 2 years.
Image says "Small Bites" but order states "Small Breeds". We wanted the former. Can we switch the bags?
Could not use the collar- the holes were on the wrong side of the strap
Did not work with our dog in the least ! Alot of money and time for this price wow.
This has not worked for my dogs (one pug mix, one black lab). They didn't seem to notice it regardless of the setting it was on.
I cant believe they sent me the pump and it doesn't include the impeller. I will never buy this again. It comes complete from other sellers for less money.
I bought two, both arrived broken and poorly made. They don't sit in the bottom part AT ALL. I originally though for the first one that it was due to it being broken, but I noted the second one bottom part was intact (the scratching post itself was broken). I attempted to lean it against a wall and my cat hit herself with it when scratching at it. It is flimsy with no support and poorly made. I would not recommend. It could become a safety issue if left standing up. I invested in a cat tree for my cat instead and will probably be donating these.
Didn't reduce anxiety. Didn't work
Terrible product! My puppy destroyed it within the first 24 hours. She was able to chew it easily even it they say that it's not chewable. It's not worth the money.
Size chart said to order XL- was big falling off dogs head. Very heavy for dog to hold on head after surgery
Just like other reviewers, my 10 year old Maltese was vomiting and had diarrhea very next day. We became concerned and had to take her to the vet after we saw pool of blood in her feces. After 7 days of medication, she's back to normal. Class lawsuit??
Bought 2 beds for my rambunctious dog he ripped into it 5 minutes after he got it. No worth the money at any price. Very thin stuffing. I was going to use for his dog house but that is not going to happen.
Very poorly made. Gave my cat sores on her neck.
Seems to make no difference to my neighbours dog who continue to bark constantly. Either the device needs to be more powerful or those dogs are deaf. Either way i'm still not sleeping!
As soon as i got this product and one half dont work
Kind of my worst experience with amazon to date. First I received a message that they couldn't deliver my package which is typically not an issue. So I tried to get the post office to redeliver it. The code provided didn't work so I went to the post office and they couldn't find my package. Then when I came home the package was delivered but really bashed in. I carried it to my apartment and was upset to see the bag had exploded possibly from very rough handling. To top it off the box had dog poo on it and I got it all over my hands and apartment. Just overall a bizarre and totally inconvenient delivery that absolutely did not take 2 days.
The design is good, and the fact that it is reversible is nice. However, the quality does not match. I purchased in December 2016 to replace an old (7+ years) jacket. Within three months the Velcro was coming detached from the rest of the jacket. Now, in February 2018, the Velcro does not hold shut at all and has ripped almost all the way around. The jacket was used normally (a few times a day), and always handled with care (ie, no excessive force). The fact that it lasted barely a year has been incredibly disappointing.
This product did not help my poodle at all. It fit just like the picture showed but it rubs the penis of the dog because of where the velcro attaches to the unit. I even wrapped the sewn edge to pad where it hits. My dog was pretty much bed ridden so it wasn't due to him moving around. It caused us another problem. Save your money and just wait 1 or 2 months for your dog to heal.
Too short. Very messy.
I love the way this toy looks be but sadly within the first week my puppy had a hole in the neck and the stuffing started to appear in his mouth. It had to be thrown away because he liked it so much but it went from being cute to not safe for him. His vet said the stuffing is not in a puppy diet. We have a collection of animals like this and this brand just didn't work. I will not buy their products again.
The cheap plastic container that comes with Amazon Basics poop bags works 1000x easier.
In less than a week two 100 watt bulbs have already burned out
didn't even last a year.
Had this for less than a week and my dog who isn't even a huge dog broke the prongs off rendering the collar useless. Don't waste your money. Not sturdy. Also less than 30 days after purchase and not eligible for return.
This broke as soon as I tried to put it up
Absolute junk from China! Rattled inside from the beginning; does work on dog, just makes the beast more angry: and the activate push button broke just past the return date. Worst purchase from Amazon ever. DO NOT BUY!
The price is what made me buy it but as the old saying goes "you get what you pay for". After 2 uses on my German Shepherd the handle slipped off its mounting. This brush is useless for any type of dog that sheds, im sure it will be useful for smaller dogs.
I bought brand new, but definitely it was used.... Had salt creep on it. No plastic on the remote and loose in the box. Works fine, but I wish I would of received a brand new product. Can't return because my reef needs a light.
This kitten food made my kitten have diarrhea and get severely dehydrated. Will not be using IAMS again.
Did not work very well. More than half the bat did not aerate and looked like they were used. Did bother returning, was not worth the trouble.
OMG this is sooo small for the price!!!!! I didn't realize it was only 4 ounces. Big rip off!!!!!!!
cute hat, but the m/l is to small for my 30 pound doodle
These little guys all came alive unpackaged just like instructions said all died within a week. Super disappointed.
This listing is for only one liner. I thought it was for a 3-pack. The 3-pack is 29.99 plus shipping because it's not prime, but this was $35 for one! What a rip-off. I'll be returning it and ordering the 3 pack.
Opened the box, opened the shears, can't close them. Catches so bad they are unusable. Two sides are not lined up. Tried loosening and tightening the screw, nothing helped. It's like they're warped.
This fell apart in less than 10 minutes! I held it and my 8 month old puppy grabbed to tug. 2 of the "leg" came right off. He tugged again and some ripped in half! It is NOT a good toy. IT is NOT Long-lasting. It is NOT Durable and won't be good for aggressive chewers. It FELL APART on the first Tug-of-war. I bought the one for 50 pound dogs -- my dog is 30. I would not recommend this toy.
There were minimal instructions with this, so my husband and I spent 2 days working to get the system going along with burying the fence. For the longest time it wouldn't work, and I even had to call a 1-800 number. Eventually we got it working, and within 2 days the wire broke in several places (very weak wiring). We fixed it twice and finally gave up. It never even worked long enough to train our dog with it.
Stopped working after a month, a few days after the return date.
Purchased on a Sunday for post-op bleeding dog. Go to amazon on Tuesday to buy more of their exact product and price has increased by $4. This is why I hate you amazon.
I am very disappointed with this product after using it for about a week. It did NOT control my dogs barking at all, instead, it made her much louder. The dogs around her were more concerned about where that noise came from. I would rethink this purchase if you have a multiple dog household. The noise is just a simple beep, but is loud enough for a human to hear. I was so excited to receive this item after reading the reviews, but to my disappointment, it didn't work at all for my dog. This purchase should be made for a dog that would be terrified of a beep or slight vibration, it is not meant for a dog that would pay no attention to a beep or vibration.
Pigs wont touch it. Cant understand why it has seeds in it. They arent supposed to eat seeds.
This collar broke after 2 weeks. Really disappointed. Our dog is only 15lbs and didn't even mess with it.
This cat litter was the absolute WORST! Doesn't clump not even a little. It's a waste of money.
Beware. It isn't shipped in a box and the three I ordered arrived broken open. They were deposited on my porch in a pile of litter. It's surprising because Amazon usually packs items in shipping boxes.
Didnt see any difference in anxiety with my dog wearing this vest
This treat made gave my dog diarrhea. He's a small 15 lb. and never got more than half a treat a day and still had diarrhea. Two days after i stopped giving him the treats he did not have diarrhea.
sent tortoise food! I needed this tonight for hedgehogs! Guess I have to go out at 7:30pm to find food for them.
Haven't try the pruduct yet, but the shipping was a mess. As the discription, one order supposed have 2 pack, I received only 1 pack. I contacted with Amazon, they refunded me and asked me to re-order. The second shipment came, there is still 1 pack inside. Please clarify if it's 1 or 2 pack per order.
My dog won't eat these unless I wrap them in a pill pocket and even then he spits them out half the time.
It was not for my labrador, like they say !!! He managed to lick him self for the side!!!
Product doesn't work or do the job it's suppose to with my husky. Sprayed it on things he normally chews on and it didn't stop my dog.
There was no tray and the box was beat up! Not happy! I can't even try it out
Don't waste your money! Worked for 3 months and now I cannot even return it! Absolute rubbish!
i ordered 2 of these sweaters for my pitbulls, who are 55 & 51 lbs. i ordered a large according to the size chart and they DO NOT fit. i can barely get it over their head. such a disappointment.
Not enough pressure and its just a cheap novelty item.
It got slightly warm to the touch but the water dropped to 70 degrees, luckily my African Dwarf Frogs survived it. Not happy. Stay away from this style of heater they never work that good.
It came with its very own toxic algae infection that immediately took over the tank and killed the fish. Despite working hard to recover the tank and keep it clean. These things brought the plague!
Poor quality. Solenoid doesn't shut off CO2. Leaks badly! Do not buy!
First this is SUPER HEAVY. 2nd, the add is EXTREMELY MISLEADING. Shows 2, and for $13 I could justify with 2, but you only get ONE! On CS now, and returning because of this.
thought this product was Made in USA and did automatic delivery. Ended up as Made in China. Cancelled automatic delivery.
I used this 3 times. My dog weighs 35 pounds. Every clip broke and the one zipper broke. Don't waste your money on this. I currently have the straps tied together until a different one gets here.
My dog did not like this bed at all, I have a yellow labrador that is 8 years old and is very active. He did not like the feel of this bed at all. It made too much noise when he got in it and he did not look comfortable. I have bought many of beds for him but he literally would walk by this bed and lay on the hard wood floor. I had to return it.
Was packaged in an Amazon Prime envelope not a box! So even bother to open it as I could hear the broken pieces inside. Getting refund.
Do not use. Older cat whent nutty and kittens had a bad reaction. Made all the fleas go crazy and bite and only one flea died. DO NOT USE.
Dogs did not like. to tough too.
these are to heavy and to wide for cats unless your cat is the size of a bobcat or lion no joke i cant even return them which suck they are wider than they appear or write it says 1 inch but if you read further down there wider and super heavy, on the good side they are very cute
Our Yorkie Poo feels very responsible for keeping our home safe from anyone who dares to walk in front of our house. This level of security includes excessive barking. This bark collar was an experiment that has proven to be a wonderful solution. She still gets excited but it has controlled her barking. Give it a try. We don't use the shock feature, the vibration and beeping alone is enough to modify her behavior. Updated: this Collar worked for about 2 months then just stopped working. Even after charging, just won't turn on.
Not what I expected. To big for my use.
My Westie took one sniff and walked away on several attempts to give her this treat.
Product works the first few times . and then it stops working even when I put a new battery in it.
Not the color advertised in the picture even the label is a different color.
I placed my order 3 weeks ago and I'm still waiting on it!!
I have yet to receive this product. Anxiously waiting
It seemed fine when we got it. It charged, we synced the remote and every feature seemed to be working fine (shock, vibrate, tone) but it stopped working after just a few days. We tried everything. I'm really disappointed. I think we will have to fork out the extra $100 for a better collar ☹️
I am very disappointed with this product. It came broken twice and late. The first order I made supposed to be one day shipping it came 4days after the fact. The second came on time but was also cracked and broken. I am fuming right now because I really needed these tools for grooming school. I lost money not only waiting on this product but it's replacement as well. I will never purchase this again. It came in the most flimsy packaging which is probably why it broke in the first place. I thought that maybe they made a mistake when it came broken but after ordering a second one and finding out it was broken as well was irritating and disappointing.
This dish is a piece of junk! It is not all stainless. Underneath the top of the bowl is all black because the stress is wrapped around god knows what. Very disappointed!
Seal was broken. Definitely a bottle that was used. And it had dried soap on side
Short lived, only worked for a short time.
I have a 10 lb dog and purchased to use for anxiety while crated. Followed directions exactly and made multiple attempts to give it a chance. It has no impact whatsoever. Because the contents are flammable, Amazon will not allow returns. This was a waste of money.
The first one arrived with a hole near the bottom. The replacement arrived all scratched up. I really wanted one, so I tried again. The lid on the third one is broken. Poor quality.
DO NOT give to dogs. My dog vomited several times after using this product.
Worked fine for about a month. Then worked intermittently. Now after 3 months not at all.
I read all the reviews and thought that the product smell can't be that bad. I figured maybe people were too sensitive. I was wrong. This stuff stinks. My dog laid on her bed when it was still wet and now she stinks. I smell it all over the apartment. Honestly, the smell is just as annoying as the urine smell. This is the first review I made on Amazon. I felt like I had to.
It doesn't remove lint.
Charlie has zero interest.
Sorry but these sticks are far from jumbo, and for the money there are much better options. Sorry but it's the truth .
Does not work on eyes or stained fur-a total waste of $15. I think it is shameful for you to market this product as a fix for tear stains. I only wish I could return it. I feel cheated.
I bought these for my dog for the fireworks in July. But she would have anything to do with them, acted like they were kryptonite. So I really don't know if they are effective.
If You need to get something that works this don't
I purchased this item per the specs for dog weight etc. Even went up a size. This item lasted afternoon before I had to throw it away because my dog shredded it. Total waste of money.
Bought this stuff for my elderly dogs but neither would eat it no matter how we disguised it. Kinda of a waste of money, I should no better.
I bought this collar with high expectations. After all, the reviews were generally good, so why not, right? The collar doesn't work. There were more fleas on my dog after I put the collar on. The smell is tolerable if you like citronella... but overall, don't waste your cash.
This product did not come with the hooks necessary to strap the pen top down.
So initially I had left a good review, I loved the collar. After having my dog wear it for a few days the ring on the collar broke. Totally disappointed.
Very, very thin, you can bend them with you fingers with no problem! Print is small.. More of a decoration. Would give 1/2 star!
Never received this item.... Still waiting
Messy, not as effective as pills.
This is a horrible stroller. It arrived with parts missing. Contacted the company and they sent new parts out although they did take a little while to get. First trip out my kitten figured out how to escape so there was just no keeping her in if she didn't want to be in it. Was able to return it for a full refund without question. Bottom line is it is a horribly designed pet stroller but a good company to work with.
Base charged one time. I set the perimeters and it turned off. Will not turn back on!
This is not 18”. The fabric is too thick to fit through the ring. Wasted money
Do not order this. A couple days after I put this on my dog she had a seizure. It was her first seizure she had ever had in 9 year. Over the next 2 weeks she had 2 more. Took her to the vet Nd the vet told me it was the collar. She said eucalyptus oil can cause seizures in dogs. This thing is 27% eucalyptus oil. DO NOT BUY!!
made my cat really sick..never buying online again!
Never worked. I would never buy again. Balls are also to hard.
My cat loved it but ate the feathers off the toy within the first 2 days. It lasted a couple of weeks before it just stopped working.
Bought these bulbs as a 4-pack and within two weeks the first bulb went out. These are fairly pricey bulbs and should not die after two weeks. The box even says they are rated for a long burn life. What a lie.
My cat could care less, wish I had my money back.
Please see the photo I attached. I ordered the food just in time for my cats evening feeding. The first scoop of food was accompanied by a red and black bug!!!! Absolutely disgusting. I hope nothing else wasn't released in my home as I was not looking. I recommend looking for less buggy food. Amazon has stated that they will refund my money and the food will be thrown out...
Flashlight end fell off.. not well made in my opinion!
I purchased two of these collars. The range is not 6 ft it's 3 feet. One of the collars stopped working after 30 days. tried new batteries and that had no effect. Next step is to try to contact the company and see if they will honor the product they sold and send me a new one.
This item arrived with a hole in the bag and bird food all over in the box! Not happy with this at all! I've been feeding my birds this food for over 12 years and these bags are really sturdy, I have no idea how one of them would get a hole when they normally require scissors just to open the bag.
DO NOT waste your money on these. I have a cat rescue with cats free-roaming on three floors, and while the idea seems logical, it does not stop from urinating/marking. I took a picture of a puddle of urine on a counter RIGHT UNDER the heating unit plugged in. I tried opening up the refills and sprinkling it. DOES NOT WORK. The only thing that works is to place a bowl of food that they like where they are urinating. Of course you can't put these bowls all over the house, but it stops it where ever the bowls are. Tried these and comfort zone. Desperately wanted them to stop the urinating/marking/spraying, but they just don't.
I ordered 3 and only received 1. I'm having difficulty figuring out how to report this. If someone from Amazon reads this, WHO DO I NEED TO TALK TO??? WHERE DO I NEED TO LODGE A COMPLAINT??? Don't buy the 3 pack you only get 1 for the price of 3. If you know how to fix this problem let me know.
waste of money .my dog break it in one second.
I Purchased this on August 20. It took two weeks to get here. When I got it, it had three lights. A flashlight, a red laser dot, and a denim blue white. When I contacted the seller, they told me that I received what I ordered . 😳 ok.
We received this product on June 6th. Just after a month, our dog stopped wanting to eat and didn't seem to feel well. After a week, when cleaning the bowls, I noticed that the coating was coming off. We immediately switched to different bowls and within days she was back to normal. I believe that the coating was making her ill. She, of course, was licking her bowl clean, licking off that coating. I do not recommend that you purchase this product or that it should continue to be sold.
Received the wrong color and Amazon is being very difficult with the return
Supposed to have 3 speeds + number 4 changes randomly through the other 3 ; doesn't happen, only one speed my cat don't care so I just kept it
I have two bulldogs with no known allergies, although I only feed them grain free kibble. Both my dogs are over 50 lbs and they chewed through these in less than 5 minutes and both also had diarrhea for over 48 hours after they ate them, too bad I can't return them as they were opened...
This wouldn't fit any normal size cat!! Horrible!!! Sure straight out of the pack it's fine. But its soooooo small!!! Like ridiculously small!! I cant afford to keep buying them either. Everyone told me to get her a small but I decided to get a medium and it's extremely small!! And she's a tiny cat! I was planning to get another for my other cat, I was planning to get a large for her... however, now that I have the medium here I see my small cat will need the large and my large cat won't fit any!!! I took it off before I snapped a pic. Shame on me. But she hated getting it on so I'm not doing it again. Anyway, it barely went halfway down her midsection, not past the mid section like the little cat modeling it. The neck and arm sections both stretched and pulled. Also, I known its supposed to be snug, however i would pull it down to adjust it over her back and it was so small that it kept shooting back up. She had zero room and zero comfort. She is small. 5 or 6 pounds. 1 year old. I got it bc she overly grooms and now has a bald stomach. (Yes I am treating her for this is other ways as well!! I just wanted her to stay warm this winter while we get to the root of the problem!!)
Junk. Handle broke within 2 weeks.
I am going to try to contact the seller for warranty information. kinda cheap, sounds like loose parts are inside but it worked for a short period of time.
Both of my cats vomited immediately after eating this food. They've never done that before and we've tried many kinds of food over the years.
I ordered med for my 7lb Chi, it looks like its big enough for a tea cup dog only , i def will be returning.
Perhaps these dog leashes work for small dogs; for my 50 lb English Springer Spaniel they break far too easily. I buy the large dog version, but they still break in a matter of weeks or a few months. Disappointing. Save your money look for something else.
Did not work on my dog at all
Product cracked the first use after being frozen and adding water to the pool. Do not recommend this product
We have had to rebuild this kennel with REAL steel bars. The hollow junk used bends easily and breaks. Our dog was scared during a big thunderstorm, she literally popped out the bars and escaped. We have to move the kennel at times, we can't anymore as the plastic is worn out. Looked cute/good for a few weeks.
Ummm the picture was the one I wanted. We ended up with the mouse which did nothing for our kitties. The other one they love!
Terrible product. Probiotics should not have a temp of 95 degrees inside container.
I wanted a toy that my golden could enjoy for at least a month... She was able to rip the octopus to shreds within a day. Do not waste your money on this product. It was advertised for the super chewer, wrong!
The muzzle I received doesn't have a wire basket or leather straps--- it's plastic with fabric straps
Second pack of these I have gotten and NONE of them Work!
Disappointed. These are not the same size as the ones at the show. Bought a 16 for my puppy who is a 14 and the 16 doesn't fit, almost had to cut it off her
We have purchased these pick up bags for several years and loved that they come on a big roll. This most recent order the product has changed (packaging is the same), the bags are thinner and tear into the bag (not just the perforations for separating the bags). I am returning this item and the seller/vendor is issuing a refund so I do not blame the seller/vendor. Perhaps they will check with the manufacturer. I will watch the future reviews and purchase again if reviews state differently. Very disappointing. Have considered these 5 stars before this shipment. Bummer.
Cats refuse to eat it
Price was for 1 cake not 10 like all the other companies selling for the same price. Crazy expensive.
Beware cat owners! The bib arrives with a horrible chemical smell that, if we think it's bad, our poor way more sensitive feline friends, will likely be mortified by. Neoprene is a petroleum based product and could cause a sensitive cat to get ill. I would recommend washing the bib first to eliminate any of that godawful smell!
I've only had it 3 months and it's already not working
I received it , it does not work it's like it's jammed I can only turn on and off What a disappointment, ,
I had horrible reactions to this being in my house. I was in a fog all day, every day, my joints hurt, I was really moody. My cat appeared to be the same way. Once I unplugged it, and the air started to clear up, I felt normal again. This is strong, and potentially dangerous stuff. No idea what long term effects could be on a human body but it wasn't nice to me in the few days I had it plugged in. Be careful!
There were no ties to secure it to the cage
I bought this on March 20th. It has already shorted out. Today is May 5th.
I received the item with 3 rear leg extensions and only one front leg extensions. Called customer service and explained problem. Customer service wanted me to send package back, $8.99 item. Was very hard to understand customer service rep. After checking customer service was more expensive to send back than cost of item. Finally was told Amazon will send replacement item.
Need to return. Tore as soon as I installed.
This product was not practical to attach to a leash due to the very short Velcro strip that does not fit around a retractable handle. I would have thought the the designers would have thought this through. But no.
1 star is as low as I could go.. wish they had negative stars.... It comes in two pieces.. great choke hazard.. for both children & animals
It didn't work. I have 2 dogs and really wanted to catch the hair including mine in the washer and dryer. The tiny amount of hair that it did catch isn't worth it. I'm sorry I wasted my money
Bought 4. With minimal use (maybe 3-4 hours total run time) all 4 were dead inside a couple of weeks.
I'm not sure if this is a genuine product or not, but this lasted about 15 days...disappointing.
It came with a big dent in it and tried to pop it back out but still looks horrible
It came defective with fluid missing and air in the gauge. Not bothering to return it. Does not show pressure when connected, no movement by the needle. Throwing it in the trash.
Large was not the large size we would have expected, it did not fit her .
I gave this toy to my 8 month old labradoodle and went to the bathroom. By the time I was done, the feet were gone and she was working on pulling the ears off with her teeth. Not durable. I wouldn't recommend for a dog that does a lot of chewing.
I don't think you should waste your money. They worked for a little while but are not waterproof. The couple that I bought got fried after the first rain.
I was hoping this would work, because the first one I bought wasn't very good at keeping my cat in the leash. I don't know if it's because my cat has way too much energy, but this is definitely not escape proof. Design looks nice though. Unfortunately, I would highly not recommend this.
Smells AWFUL! My cat wants NOTHING to do with it :(
Did not order Returned to sender Hasn't received refund
I've ordered other Fluff & Tuff toys before, and have been very pleased. I decided to order again because Fluff & Tuff toys are the only ones my two medium size dogs don't destroy. Within 2 days, my dogs tore open the seam where the different color panels meet at the top. Fuzz was everywhere. I'm very disappointed in this purchase.
I don't know if it works or not because mine arrived poorly packed and leaking .
Product is late and have not recieved yet through prime so already starting on the bad foot
I have two mini schnauzers that wouldn't touch this stuff. Even after soaking in water, it's a strange texture and apparently not very tasty. They do love the other Wellness Core foods though.
I DIDN;T GOT THIS ITEM. WHERE IS MY STUFF? CAN YOU CHECK MY STUFF? PLEASE
This cheap material, and these run extra large in size.
This bottle arrived with no lid or cap.
My dog shredded dragon in minutes. Hate these toys that don't last ...it's very frustrating..the dogs get sad when you have to take away the flying pieces because he is having so much fun destroying the toy. Really think this dragon is cool looking ...he loved it a little too much. Is their any stuffed animals that can't be ripped up? The item is 5 stars by itself ..but gets 1 because paired with my pit dragon didn't last 10 minutes.
Never received this order or a refund so I can't give a review one way or the other
I bought this for an outdoor cat that has tapeworms (I visibly see the segments pass). I followed the directions and gave it for the directed amount of time 3 times a day. I tried to drop the medicine directly into the cats mouth, that didn't go over well. My cat ate the medicine when I dropped it on a piece of lunch meat. Within a week of finishing giving her the medicine I found tapeworm segments again.
Bought mine 3 months ago, set it up in my tank almost 2 months ago. I have a bio active set up, and set the fogger up on a humidity gage to go off of the tank went lower than 75% which isn't often but nice to have for when it does. This product was amazing while it worked, I came home highly disappointed after being out for the night to find that my tank had dropped down to 58% and the Fogger was no longer working. Would not recommend if you're looking for a product that lasts. Overall not worth the money.
This item was of poor quality and very flimsy. The suction power is weak and hammock material rips very easily.
Didnt stick for more than 10 minutes
Didn't even get the package. Says it was “where you typically get the mail” but just junk mail in my box.
The spray didn't work. I had to waste much of it by using my hands to rub the conditioner in to my dog's skin. Complete waste of my money as th whole bottle was gone in a week.
I bought this as a replacement for Blue Buffalo Wilderness that has been getting bad press lately. I switched him to this gradually over the course of a week, mixing his old food and this one together. After getting to full portions of this food, he would get really bad diarrhea. I kept thinking maybe he'd eaten something else, so kept him on this food but it lasted another couple of days. I switched him cold turkey back to Blue Buffalo and immediately the next morning his stool started to improve. Not sure what he is allergic to, but he definitely didn't tolerate this food. I'm grateful for Amazon's return policy because this food is not cheap. I will continue to look for another alternative to Blue Buffalo.
It is cheaply made. It makes a crinkly sound every time the pup steps on it. Within one day is was chewed and the stuffing out. Not durable or comfortable. Would never buy again.
Really disappointed! I bought two repellents and they both don't seem to work, my neighbor's dog keeps pooping on my front yard and the dog seems to not hear the sound. I tried different levels and no luck. The most annoying thing is that one of the two doesn't stop making the sound even when there is no movement. I had to get up in the middle of the night to turn it off. Even though the description says human can't hear the noise, we can clearly hear it and my daughters have complained it hurts their hears. I really don't recommend this product!
Pictures show two tubes, a 13" and 21". Only ONE TUBE IS INCLUDED... THE SHORT 13" ONE. LIARS! RETURNING IT.
The heating mechanism melted the plastic within a week.
My 3 dogs all hate these drops, I guess the taste is bad. So I put them on their treats which they did eat, but I could not tell a difference at all with calming them down. Waste of money.
First tank was cracked. Couldn't get the smell out of the carpet ended up tearing entire living room floor out and replacing with laminate. They sent a replacement tank, well woke up this morning and guess what. Tank was empty and fish were dead. Unreal...
Our guinea pig nibbled it once or twice but otherwise had NO interest in it. We tried several times.
I purchased a 40lb bag as you can see above and I reviewed a 25lb bag.
My two cats wouldn't even swat them! Immediately and sadly to SPCA.
I had new sod put in over the summer. I found this product while searching for solutions to have my dogs urine be less concentrated. I have a Bernedoodle who weighs 95 lbs. His recommended dosage was 5 tablets. There was no way I was going to give him 5 tablets to start with. I gave him 2 tablets on the first day and the second day gave him 3. On the 3rd day he started to vomit bile and it was uncontrollable. He is healthy as can be. He is 1.5 years old and we took him to our vet and they suggested that we stop giving him these tablets as it was the only new thing introduced to his diet. He lost his appetite the 4th day but continued to drink water. Sure enough the next day he was back to normal after stopping these tablets for two days. Stay away!
It stopped charging after 2-3 months and I'm still trying to get it replaced under the lifetime warranty. Don't waste your money.
This product stopped working after two months using it only once per week on my dog. Now this product stops grinding once it touches my dogs nails.
Update: we continued trying to use it, only on walks (and she's usually a yard dog) for about three weeks. Today the front chest section ripped almost clear through and she got away from me at the vet. When i posted my initial negative review, i got an email from the seller asking me to either make or positive or remove it. It was poorly translated to English and was rude. They implied that I measured the dog wrong, and then told me to go to the two clip version, which their site says is old but their email says is new. Don't waste your money. I was excited to try this after reading the reviews. It is well-made, seems durable, and is reflective. The sizing chart is awful; i have it cinched ALL the way down small and it's just barely tight enough. I don't understand the "magic" everyone else seems to have discovered as far as this getting their dogs to walk without pulling when all else had failed. I have a 1.5 year old female boxer mix, about 65lbs. I don't think there's a harness or training technique we haven't tried to get her to behave on a walk. This was no different. She yanked the same as ever and got the harness twisted around her so that the top and bottom became the sides. While this seems to be made well, it's still entirely useless.
Thought I'd give it a try, should have listened to the other negative reviews. The food looks really old. It is quite hardened in the can. Cats will barely look at it -- normally they go crazy because I feed the 3 oz. can only once a day to two cats. These they smell it, scratch the floor with displeasure and walk away. Fail.
I used the buy product again button but it wasn't the same product. This filter does not have the uv light the other ones did.
Material around neck started to tear with just a few uses. It did not relieve my dogs anxiety
Never received the item. I ordered this in March, it's now May. I just remembered I ordered this and thought is it still on it's way to me. Well, it says delivered but I never got it.
With 3 dogs over 70 pounds, I took one look at this bed out of the box and new it would not last 1 week. The quality of the material and the way it is put together is insufficient for large dogs.
1. The product came laden with a very high chemical smell. 2. The pads have scratched my glass aquarium. I would not recommend this product.
This product doesn't work and my dogs have fleas! Should've stuck with soresto!!! Don't waste your money
This is very inexpensively made. It arrived cracked. Also the extension pieces and covers break very easily. It isn't made as well as other products.
Used for a a couple weeks and the tube came off the light and would not go back on. Either don't buy the product in general or don't buy this one.
Very disappointed! The ball doesn't glow much. Not worth the extra cost. Buy the Orange version
No problems with the product as it came as described however it appears El Garage is apparently code name for SAM'S CLUB! I refuse to shop at Wal Mart as the Wal Mart children don't pay their employees enough so their employees need to go on government assistance that THE TAXPAYERS are forced to pay. These Wal Mart kids have more combined wealth than over 90% of Americans COMBINED.
Not her size, too big, fur gets stuck in the clothing. Wish I could return in.
I read all the reviews prior to buying this and it does not work! My car still has fleas
The dog did not like it
Pump keeps shutting off requiring full unplug and replug. Also water flow is less than a trickle
never received the item
They are all hollow inside. I have order these many times and they have been great. Took my puppy 7 months old 5 Minutes to eat, normally takes a week or more
Which is far too much for a cat. This item is also ineligible for return. Very bad purchase.
Absolute worst product. The app crashes and does not connect to the collar 90% of the time.
Some airlines require that the (soft) carrier must be 10" tall. This one is 12" and our request to airline was rejected.
Bag was ripped not sure if I should use. It's was long the side ? Any ideas
Broke, stopped working
We had the collar for less than 1 month and it snapped rather easily. When we first received we were SO happy with the quality and look but did not withstand more than a month.
Inconsistent. Sometimes wouldn't go off when going past flags. Other times would go off before near the flags
A total scam rip-off. Almost the same price as a full case but sent half the case in a bag as another reviewer stated. I will reconsider ever buying cat food from Amazon due to this seller.
We put this outside for our doves and it did not even have a slight bit of warmth. The only thing it did do was not get quite as cold as the temp. outside. Sent it back!
it is 10 days later and i still Do not have this would not order again wish i could cancel it
Nothing great. Returned it the day I got it. Plus the glove was ripped . The sticky tape works better every move and dog hair
Junk...doesn't work at all.
1 of the 2 of these items was defective and the one that's working isn't very impressive.
I do not really take the time to write reviews about my Amazon purchases but this is one is a must!! If I could give this product zero stars I totally would. This product is extremely dangerous for your dog. If you don't care about your pet then go ahead and buy it. This product has left my dog with infected lacerations to his neck. The prongs dug into his neck even when loosely tied on. I have taken him to the vet. I don't know the damage on that bill but save yourself the trouble of going through the same thing.
Gone in 60 seconds....not a chew that will last
Never. Received it. Twice I tried so I paid for nothing. Never got it
I haven't recd these yet so that is why my review is low.
My kitten walks past this to play with anything else.
I ordered this for my puppy, and it got delivered with no putty for her paw.
This leash broke after about a week of normal use. The button to stop the leash from unwinding got stuck in its position so it is now impossible to hold your dog back with it. This leash was a waste of money.
THIS TANK KEPT ME UP ALL NIGHT BECAUSE IT IS SUPER LOUD! SUPER NOISY! AND MY FISH WAS SO SAD! I PUT MY FISH IN A BOWL TILL I CAN FIND A GOOD FISH TANK AND HE LOVES IT!!!
Two minutes in, it made my dog's gums bleed because of how sharp it is.
The order was for FOUR bottles of these Milk-Bone Treats. I spent almost $20 on them. I only received ONE!
Broke within 15 minutes of use. Dog walked around and leash must have snapped when rubbed along the edge of the front step. Happy the dog did not run away at least.
My cat grew bored very quickly. Not enough of a challenge.
This does not work I've been trying to get in touch with this site..
This stuff makes my sweet boy vomit, and you can tell he doesn't feel well. He also acted strange afterward. I think I'll just try organic pumpkin puree. This stuff is being returned immediately! Update: He's still not feeling well hours later.
Do not waste money on these. They are totally useless!
The smell was great! Did it resolve my dogs sry skin issue? NO. I really wish it did.
I bought this in desperation, because my dog was in a lot of pain and other medications didn't help. Unfortunately, she wouldn't take these pills no matter what we wrapped them in. It didn't really matter, because it turned out she had cancer and we had to have her put to sleep. I asked to return this product, but so far have not heard about what to do.
This was ordered as a pack of 2 but I only received 1. Emailed the seller but never received a reply. Feeling jipped.
The bottle arrived shattered
These came completely broken with nothing left on the stick.
We have used Nutro wet puppy food for several months. My puppy gets so excited as soon as he sees his breakfast. It's become part of a fun morning routine. However, after this order I will be finding a new wet dog food — each container of the case recently received has maggots. It's absolutely disgusting and quite worrisome.
we put this collar on our dog only when we are home and it's taken off while he is in his crate. The other day when we took it off we noticed that his skin was bleeding and very irritated. This collar Burt his skin! We never used the “shock” part of it only the vibration and the beep!
The original bowl I purchased in 2012 had a rubber base that was molded to the bowl, it is still indestructible. I purchased a spare for travel in 2019 and now the rubber base is loose and removable, kind of a pain to clean. The bowl does work well for the intended purpose of keeping the dog from eating too fast.
The neck band is cheap and the unit fell off the collar, never to be found.
It only worked for a few minutes before it Broke
Fogged my home with 3 of these for the required time and it did absolutely nothing.
I was super disappointed with these bowls. I've had them less than a week and all the black paint is chipping off around the rim. Plus the way the bottom is designed water gets trapped in a ridge around the underside and is hard to dry. I'd definitely pick a different product.
There was a large rip in the bag when we received it which caused the cat food to spill all over the box.
THE QUALITY IS FINE, BUT UNFORTUNATELY THE SIZE OF THE BOWL IS NOT DESCRIBED ON THE SITE. IT WAS THE SMALLEST BOWL I HAVE EVER SEEN. IT MIGHT FEED A SMALL MOUSE. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING AGAIN UNLESS THAT DETAIL IS INCLUDED.
I stopped purchasing the Blue Buffalo Wet food products. My two cats won't eat it.
Could not return wouldn't except too small
never received still waiting
Product arrived with missing screws, so I was unable to put it together. Very annoying.
Product came without suction cups, the thing that makes this function. Contacted company, which btw, are not American as they posted before. Email is in Asian characters. No response after asking twice if I can just get the suction cups.
Purina ruined another good dog food
Not really stone. Cheesy
Clogs to quickly, tube is to thin, glass scraper is trash. Waste of money. Will be getting the old fashioned kind that are tried and true for decades
Product was crushed and it smelled awful even to the cats - not one of them would touch it...
Had to give them away.
Thin, not fluffy like it looked like. The binding is literally falling off the blanket and I haven't even taken it out of the bag. Not the quality that I excepted to receive for the price.
Very hard to get on small dogs. They don't stay on once you get them on. Not worth the time or money.
My 2 dogs had these in shreds within a day. Neither is a 'power' chewer. Went right into the trash.
Piece of junk. Didn't work. Returned for refund.
I have 2 cats and both of them look at this toy and walk away. I'm sorry I spent $10 on it.
Unbelievable! The picture says everything. To top it off I had thrown out the box and it was leaving for an international flight the next day. So I had no time to do a return. But I do you have time to do a PSA and inform you about this product.
paid for 16oz jar got 8oz jar
I have been giving my cat the regular Composure treats for nearly a year, but recently she's become more stressed. I found the Composure Pro online and decided to try them before considering a prescription medication. Unfortunately my cat refuses to eat these treats, so I can't comment of the effectiveness. Not sure if I can return them, so it may be a waste of $40.
product arrived in damaged condition - the cap was loose on the bottle and all the derma lotion leaked into the package and made a total mess. the postal service wrapped the socked package in plastic wrap - because I had also order Omega 3 pills, I took the package instead of returning same. the lotion bottle did smell good and I cut the package into squares and used them on my dog. This was partly successful. The omega 3 pills are working just great.
I should I listened to the Review if it isn't pink colored. Mine was clear. I didn't even use much My Fish we're belly up, laying on the bottom Will not use this product ever again
We have had these bones for only a few days and the smell of mold coming off this one was horrible. I was upset when I found out my dog had already eaten the other 2. I will have to check her bones for now on to make sure they are mold free.
Was not effective for our poor silky terrier. We ended up going with a Seresto collar
Very upset. Can't speak to if the product worked or not because when I received it it was already open! Have no idea how I was sent an open product but the white seal thing was open on one side. Now I don't feel safe giving it to my cat and had to throw it out. Waste of money.
I've replaced my carpet, and put down pee pads. Sprayed the new carpet, sprayed the pee pads, and he marked in the same spot again every day since then. I've saturated the carpet and the pee pads with this stuff. It made 0% difference. Wasted my money.
My Shihpoo does not like these
This was our first choice of a harness for our 35 lb dog. It was VERY bulky and stiff. This is not a good harness for a small or medium dog because the neck cuff is long and stiff and caused my dog to hold his neck in extension while wearing it. He looked so uncomfortable. The leg straps are like seat belts: they're wide and stiff and cut into his groin and armpits. This harness would be great on a large dog. We returned it.
This product only worked for 2 weeks. Batteries died...… I looked for batteries everywhere, Not even Amazon carries them. I just went to a local place that sells nothing but batteries and bulbs. Surprise! they don't carry the batteries needed for this product. Why sell a product that requires batteries that are impossible to find? Now I am past the return window period and I am stuck with a product that is useless because batteries are no where to be found. What a rip off!
This isn't my favorite leave in that I've used. I had to use a lot of product to get the result I was seeking.
Didn't do a thing to calm my babies! Smells ok but that's it.
It did nothing for my cat.
The qulity of this product is so bad
It is beautiful, but the pump stopped working only after 3 months! Now it is just a huge, heavy ceramic bowl. Bad bad bad quality!
Stupid. You have to tie the rocks with a little silicone rope and attach it to the tank. Too much extra work.
Very disappointed. Not at all what was pictured.
This product doesn't work..
Words can't even describe how annoyed I am. I ordered this product two weeks ago, was damaged during shipping and I was refunded. Ordered it again on two day shipping, and it was "delivered" but it wasn't. USPS apparently delivered it at 330 this afternoon but I have yet to find it. So either amazon sucks, the company that makes this product sucks, or USPS sucks. Because I still don't have what I've paid for.
Dog chewed it off in 5 minutes
Should have read the reviews, silly me for assuming that there would be two of these. It would only make sense since it says it's for the collar that has TWO contact points.
The liquid inside the bottle was so thick and congealed that it would not make bubbles. The wand was broken also. Waste of money.
The package was decimated! The cage itself was a pain in the butt to get together. And don't get me started on assembling the damn casters! Some of the screws were to short so we improvised! It took 2 of us to assemble it because not all of the clamps lined up so we broke out the pliers to make it come together!
This product was missing the hooks and can not be stable without them
I have 2 St Bernard puppies. They are about 70 lbs each. I bought 2 and they ripped them both the day they arrived. These are not even a little strong!
They were too hard and too big for my dog to eat.
NOT a Herm Sprenger collar - made in China tag on plastic bag, Doesn't have the same design as the picture.
I didn't realize or overlooked the fact that these were cotton made tunnels for the pigs. They are not potty trained. So you know what happen to them. Used them for about week and trashed them. My money my loss.
I have not used this product yet, ordered it and it came leaking, leaked on my other items so I sent it back. Amazon returns are so easy and fast so that is nice. The replacement bottle has the same issue.. so I am not sure what is going on. They may not be sealed well enough or heat from shipping ??
The chews were not large in the least bit and definetely not good for a larger dog that could swallow them in the matter of moments because they were all the size of a half dollar around. Be very careful buying these as you will not be happy if you are looking for chews that are larger.
Worst product ever. My 11 year old, 80 pound, German Shepard was walking up on this (installed carefully per directions) and the entire thing fell including my dog. This ramp is dangerous! My dog could've been severely hurt. The only way that this ramp could be used safely is with two adults, 1 holding the ramp and 1 helping the dog.
This item didn't help my 25lb labradoodle from barking. He did pause for a second when he obviously heard the sound, but it didn't stop him from barking. I tried all the levels of sound and it did nothing.
This collar looks like it's made for hooker dogs. Buy it if you like hooker dog street walkers.
Not worth your time it is to short and clogged way to easily.
Very disappointed they are not growing and appear to be a fake made of synthetic materials will never order again from this company.
This lasted all of 5 minutes.
The cord doesn't work. I have a second one and swapped cords and the heating pad works but not the cord.
My Son's Old English bulldog tore the center completely out of this within 30 minutes. Only 2 years old but this dog is a power chewer. Other King products can stand up to his chewing, but this disc is just too thin.
I have had this on my dog for almost 2 months now and she has had more tick bites than before I put the collar on. Def won't be buying again.
not one thing is quality about this leash. Even the hook does not close all the way.
This toy was destroyed by my small dog within an hour.
I bought the box online because we had bought 2 previous at the store and they were great. I bought this box through Amazon and the entire box of bags was slightly shredded on both sides of the bags. Not a single bag could be used for picking up dog poop. I literally just gave them $11 and got nothing in return. I ordered them in December and I did not open the box until just the other day, so maybe they have a very short shelf life, but I think that is a bit ridiculous.
I ordered 2 bottles of Natures Miracle dog stain and odor remover. I only received one bottle and it was only 1/2 full. Fulfillment problems for sure. Very disappointing. Also ordered Prime 2 day shipping and it took 5 days. Super disappointed.
Made band very bulky and rubbed too much on penis
Wanted to love this but my dogs wouldn't even try it, and they eat anything.
Bought this product to keep my axolotl tank a few degrees cooler. It was very easy to assemble but it did not turn on at all. ill be returning this product.
Hard to open some of prongs were bent , pan was cracked
Junk. 3 dead within couple weeks, others go out after a few minutes. Totally useless. Don't waste your money
The leash broke, container on the side broke, now it's just a flashlight
These worked amazingly the first time I used them. Now after one wash (1 oz of bleach and drying on low) they don't absorb at all. The urine just sits on the top of the pad. So disappointed as they worked great at first.
Didn't work and they charged me to ship it back. Lost $ on something that didn't work to begin with. Not happy AT ALL.
It doesn't work!! My dog peed everywhere in the yard except for where this was placed. I even walked her over to the post each time and held her on her leash in that area and she would still try to get away to pee somewhere else.
I purchased this Rings a few times the are not holding up I only use them with my dog after that they get put up I like them very much if they only would last I can't buy them every few months how can they be improved
This did not work at all. Very disappointed!!!
This LED is great just like their old ones except for a VERY slimy move they decided to pull on all their new LEDS. If you want to actually have more control over the newer lights compared to the old ones for example changing how long you want daylight to run compared to ramp up etc. You have to buy a VERY overpriced bluetooth controller to open up functions that were included in all their older light models. This honestly to me is a VERY slimy move and makes sure I will never buy another led from them again.
I ordered high potency fine and you sent me coarse. So I returned it and AGAIN you sent me coarse not fine. Very irritated as my cockatiels are out of food due to two orders processed incorrectly.
I ordered this over a month and have not received it.
My Lab had the squeaker and stuffing out on the first minute!!!!!
I think it would be much easier to use if I were left handed. Since I am right handed I am having difficulties brushing my two Maine Coon cats with this.
It's a great idea because her breath was better but my 30 pound dog ended up chewing it to pieces in the first day. waste of money.
Junk didn't work from start plastic junk
I did not receive the brand that I thought I was purchasing. I bought a medium Kaytee brand before this purchase and found that I needed something a little bigger. This one is HUGE and probably because of the different brand they sent me.
Not the best. Hair fly's everywhere. Takes even longer then when using other tools. Buys more pressure on your hand. After a couple of minutes it's hard to hold.Not worth the money.
I bought this to help my rescued golden retriever and the dachshunds next door. I used it as recommended in the directions. It had absolutely no effect on any of the three dogs. Battery life was poor, so it had to be turned on for short periods only. When left on, the battery died in three days.
The product did not work with my English bulldog. He was unaffected by any of the settings.
I've ordered this before and it was great,but it has not worked on my dog at all this time. Do not order this product.!!!
Caution: my little dog got extremely sick after eating these! Read the comments in the Consumer Affairs website!!
Stopped working after two months
Normally this is a great product but this time something went terribly wrong. The sheets seemed to be stuck together from getting too hot during transport or something. Plus it did not weed like it normally does. I ended up wasting several sheets just trying to get it to weed properly. Very disappointed this time.
My pigs loved this but then had reddish diarrhea the next day. I threw it away. I thought it was coincidence but then I bought a new one a few months later and same thing happened. I'm Not sure if it's an ingredient in the dye but this never happened to them when they were younger pigs. I used to get this tunnel for them all the time and I never came across any diarrhea.
Did not work on my cats!
First time I took the dog out on it the strap broke right at the connection where you put it on the collar. i cant find anywhere on here to get a new one or refund. very unhappy.
Never give this to your pet........mine was hospitalized after taking this and it was shipped with a 6 month past expiration date. Make sure you check the date and the seller/manufacturer accepts no responsibility for a past sell by date product.
This was too big I called the company to get an exchange for smaller one. I still have not heard back from them.
I have no good words and how disappointed I am. The whole thing has weak spots everywhere.
This unit was basically ineffective in quieting down the dogs
It is hard to clean! It always seems disgustingly dirty and is not worth the trouble to clean. I prefer a regular bowl you can just wash and go!
Waste of money my lizards hated it wiggled right out
They described this as being for tough chewers. IT IS NOT!! I do not know how some reviewers said their dogs did not destroy this. I have medium size Labrador Retrievers, approx 80lbs (but weight has nothing to do with this item's stated durability. You describe it as a "heavy duty dog toy" and "withstands even the most enthusiastic of chewers" FALSE advertising unless you tested it on cats?! My dog literally ATE THIS! Chewed it and swallowed the pieces so I immediately took it away before she choked and died!! ~~Do not reccommend!~~
We bought this to travel with. First trip the zippers broke and is no longer usable. We have a 10 lb puppy in a large crate. So wasn't like there was a dog ramming in to it or anything.
The only people that are bothered by this device are my young humans:(. The dog never missed a bark and acted like nothing was there even on its highest setting.
My dog completely ignores this no matter where I put it in the yard. He is an uncut alpha that pees on everything else multiple times.
An hour after giving my dog this chew stick she had awful diarrhea. Now I am stuck with 99 sticks.
Very disappointing purchase from Amazon! The hard plastic tires DO NOT ride like air tires at all. This carriage is hard to push on rough terrain, and whoever wrote the advertising for this product is full of Dog Dudu.
very hard, did not help my cat
product was missing the dropper! completely defeats the purpose and accuracy of measurement for quality check.
Lasted 5 mins before there were prices all over the floor. Crew guard my butt. 6 week old puppy had it apart very easily.
Doesn't read proper temperature. While it does acknowledge a changing temp, it reads out +3 degrees from actual. Wish I could still return.
I'd give this 0 stars if I could. This thing broke and it's junk
I never received this product.
My dog chewed a hole in this toy within 15 minutes.
Struggled to get it on just to realize how restricting it is especially since beardie pancake. Bad execution good idea. I think.
Never received my order
This thing is held together with a plethora of nails and long, thick metal wire. I didn't realize until it had been in there for a while. Maybe if you trust your rodents not to chew it up, it'll be fine.. otherwise, you'll spend hours pulling all the metal out of it like I did.
First of all, doesn't particularly work all that well. But the main reason for my review is to warn you - my cat disposed of a hairball this morning, not long after having some food with this stuff added to it. Now my carpet has a lovely yellow stain that I can't get out. This stuff also stained the plastic food dishes I use to feed the cats. Seriously can't think of one reason to recommend this product.
They broke within one week's time not worth buying
Both our kitties showed no interest at all in this toy. They sniffed it and moved on. Epic fail for us, I would not recommend.
I figure with it being so large, my dog wouldn't have any issues of using this pad. My dog pee everywhere around this pad, accept on it. I end up tossing them and getting a different brand. Don't know what her reason was, but the new brand is getting her to hit the mark every time now.
It doesn't work very well. She shakes and or coughs it squirts her.
Came with bugs inside. Gross!!!
I'd give this a 0 if it was possible. This simply doesn't work. Smells good, but does not kill fleas! Even after multiple applications, we're fighting fleas.
My golden puppy instantly starts diarrhea after eating this dog food bought from Amazon. Diarrhea stops immediately after I stop feeding him these dog food. This brand was recommended by my breeder and he has been using it. I think Amazon may have a bad batch?
while my kittens love this brand of cat food, I was disappointed to learn that the cans were the smaller size rather than the 5.5 ounce cans- the description was misleading and I will not order these again
Did not work for me but quick refund
Not a fan at all! First one I ordered was a size medium, it was gapping on my dog, then I ordered a small, WAY TOO SMALL! Wound up buying one at PetSmart that is perfect and now I have to return not one but two harnesses.... not happy, very dissatisfied...
My 7 month old puppy chew right through this in less than a day. Lesson learned...don't leave it on when not supervised!
Hard to adjust and test product and instructions werent any help
I DO NOT RECOMMEND WHAT IT DOES THAT THE FLEAS ARE GOING TOWARDS, DOWN PRODUCT IS BAD, IT IS NOT WHAT THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION SAYS.
Didn't work on the dog I needed it to tried it on my boyfriend's dog worked for two hours and then did nothing. Waste of money
I was pleased with this product for about 2 weeks, then I noticed my cat itching again. I saw fleas on her back legs. I have an indoor/outdoor cat (a feral cat I feed) that brings in fleas to my sweet indoor elderly cat. I had hoped this collar would protect my elderly cat from the fleas, but it does not.
I did tons of research into which bed would be best for our fur baby, a Chiweenie. This bed was the one we chose because of the ratings. However, upon getting it today and opening, we found the stitching was so poorly done that the stuffing was coming out. Had we not noticed it...had we not inspected it before putting it down for the baby, he would have surely eaten the stuffing and god knows what would have happened. I don't even want to think about it. That said, upon further inspection, we found that it wasn't just coming out of the stitching. It was scattered with remnants of the brown stuffing here and there all over the bed and the underside. I beg anyone looking for a bed for their pet, PLEASE LOOK CAREFULLY before giving them a bed like this. Especially THIS bed.
Only closes when the 2 identical bottom pans and a screening pan are all stacked inside - which makes it quite heavy for the flimsy clips when Empty. So, the bottoms of the 2 bottom pans, and the screen have been in contact with the urine and feces. Good luck juggling all 4 pieces without setting any down that will then put that in contact with your floors. Plan on laying out a blue tarp on your garage floor to accommodate this 4 piece sifting process, or you could go to the carwash with the whole shebang.
This is a tiny toy, not for parrots as advertised but maybe ok for parakeets or finches, mine lasted 20 minutes
Get what you pay for. POS
I'm sure it's probably a great kennel. Unfortunately it didn't arrive on time for me to actually be able to use it. I only ordered it because it was supposed to arrive the next day, but didn't actually arrive until 2 days later. In fact I'm still sitting at home waiting for it. Unfortunately I need to leave in an hour to pick up my cat from the vet and drive straight to the airport, so now I'm going to have to rush around to find a kennel that meets the requirements. Thanks for nothing Amazon. One day shipping should actually be one day shipping or what's the point. If you actually need something delivered in one day don't trust Amazon to get it to you.
My dog chewed handle off
I have been buying these pads for my pupp for almost 4 months and used to be very good quality. A few weeks ago it seems they raised the price. When I received my package in the mail, I noticed that they also changed the pads significantly. They are extremely thin now basically see thru. I am very disappointed as ordering these used to be a no brainer for me. I will not be ordering these anymore and now looking for a new brand.
I bought two and one was chipped. Got a replacement and that one was also chipped. Now i have to return two!
Shipping took forever and was send the incorrect size. Ordered a medium and recieved a small. Awesome.
I waited and waited for this item to come and after about 6 weeks I get notified that the date of delivery had changed. So I waited more. Then I get notified that "something was wrong", and they were just refunding my money. At least I got that back. Do not purchase this!!
Does this tiny envelope look like anything TWO dog coats could be shipped in? Nope. Nothing in it. It wasn't even sealed.
Not good for a chewer... my dog chewed it up after she found all the treats.
now wont charge , havent got a responce from the company
The fibers came undone. Super sad because I loved the color and size. But the material used to make he product is cheap.
Did not stick to furniture.
My mastiff had it chewed to pieces within a couple hours. Hopefully I get my money back. Still trying to find a toy for my big boy.
Went to assemble carriage and it was missing a back brake to which the wheel is attached
too small for a tiny cat
I can sit and rub my dog who is shedding like crazy and these gloves do nothing like it says they do. I wouldn't waste your money if your thinking about getting these.
This product seriously sucks!! I wasted $50 plus bucks on 3 for my boys and they are still being attacked by fleas!!! They have been scrubbed clean and our backyard has been treated! I told myself I'd give it time but my poor babies are bitting themselves like crazy! Ugh I'm so frustrated. I seriously want my money back for wasting my time and money!
Three times now I've received the wrong one. I've told them their boxes are labeled incorrectly but they obviously don't give a shit and just keep sending them. I'll try one more time to see if they can get it right before I look for another product.
I purchased this 2 pack so my mom could have one for her betta bowl and I could have one for my 20 gallon gold fish aquarium. Mine literally fell apart within a week and clogged the filter. Needless to say, I threw it out. My mom's is still together but is turning quite dark and I'm not sure if it's really good for the fish. We've been debating on whether we should take it out of the bowl.
Completely ineffective
This product is completely opposite from the description. I received two bright yellow, CHEAP bells. Definitely not handmade! For the price i paid, I am very unhappy with this product. Buyer be cautious.
sent it back, only has two half shelves in level two and three, doesn't work with multiple cats.
Rarely do I write a less than favorable review, but in this case, the product itself was fine however when it did not arrive in time and meet my needs, I found the need to return it. After discussions with the seller he agreed to refund but shipping was my cost and responsibility. When I asked for clarification about this, as it was not easily seen under the product listing, I was told by the seller that shipping is At the responsibility and cost of the purchaser who chose to return, as that is the way the seller can keep his products more affordable. The cost for me to return this was almost equal to the cost of purchasing it in the first place. This information should be made VERY apparent to someone considering purchasing this product or anything from this particular company. Despite that the product itself may be excellent, return policy, particularly with the shipping is very expensive, in my opinion not worth the consideration of business with this particular company at all!
My Chinese Crested was neutered and since his skin is easily irritated, I purchased this to use in conjunction with an inflatable collar. I planned to use it when we were with him. I thought I measured accurately, but the suit was far too large for him so he could access the stitches. I was very disappointed with that.
Being that I gave an honest review and it wasn't allowed to be posted. I Wil restate my review. Please be aware the item was shipped in nothing more than a plastic bag with no protection at all. It arrived as you imagine broken. The seller while apologetic wanted to refund less that what was paid for the item... I'm not sure why that's acceptable . But finally agreed to refund the full price.
I ordered a full case SALMON FLAVOR Purina Fancy Feast Gravy Lovers Adult Canned Wet Cat Food, SALMON FLAVOR. I received a case of Chicken flavor. I wanted to return it and receive the proper flavor, SALMON FLAVOR! So I go on Amazon site "Returns and Refunds" and they are going to replace it. The next day I receive another case of Chicken Flavor...REALLY? Now I'm stuck with 2 cases of expensive Gourmet Chicken flavor cat food my cats won't eat. I can understand one mistake but two mistakes inside of two days after I told them they made a mistake? I ordered SALMON FLAVOR twice and both times I receive Chicken flavor. Is this what our country has come to? People can't read a simple packing order? I spend hundreds of dollars a month on Amazon in subscriptions alone, perhaps it's time to go elsewhere. Now the site will not allow me to return the second mistake because per the site they already sent a replacement, an incorrect replacement and how do you contact Amazon? I can't find a "Contact Us" email address or a phone number anywhere! Unbelievable
The male threaded plastic mount broke while it was being installed for the first time. Very poor construction. No refund for shipping, only the purchase and tax. Wanted to fill with pistachios for my Grey. Holes are too small.
Was nice while it lasted. Broke after a few months of using... Stopped working.
Broke first time used
Got the wrong item. Very displeased
Several of the fish in our aquarium died within 2days of installing this new light. The light is either emitting something or had a oily substance in it that is very bad for fish.
Never got to test the collar out. The very first time I put it on my dog the plastic clasp that holds the collar together broke. I was not using it to attach a leash to as she has another collar on for that. Very unhappy with the quality of this collar. I have another shock collar and it has worked well.
Listed as "Pack of 2" but only received one.
Beware! Seemed to be a nice product, but....first use was a trip to the vet and the ring immediately broke. The vet was none too happy to have our frantic dog loose in the clinic.
Liked- My cat liked it, after getting over being scared of it, Dislike- Feather fell apart One toy was broken when I received it, Chirping noise did not work Definitely returning it.
Absolutely horrible- after 4 days my dogs had fleas on them. Complete waste of money!
My King Charles would not keep them on. Love the idea but it didn't work for me. Wish I could return them.
Only used it for a few times and it Broke. This leash can't stand the pulling force from dog running. Don't know why the light suddenly stop working too. It has a lot of function but the sound occurred from leash retracting is uncomfortable
Bought due to food allergies, but my dog refused to eat it.
It looks cute in the advertisement but it is way too small. I couldn't get my dogs body, legs or paws in it. I ordered a small for my dog because that is the size of his other sweaters and goodies. This one is xxx-small.
I ordered the Glo Frisbee. I never received it. Seller kept telling me they were checking on it. This went on for months. I never did get it. I asked them to check to see if they ever refunded my money, because I couldn't find it in my bank account, but now they have just quit answering me.
Once you open the ramp there is no locking mechanism to hold each section in place. One of my dogs weights 100lbs and it started to collapse on him so this product is now useless....he's too scared to try it again! Even though it's portable it's not safe!
Broke in a few months, useless.
They leak To not work They do not block no order
I'm assuming this is too old and fleas have become resistant or immune to this, because it didn't work. We spent a little more upfront for the Seresto collar, and It worked like a charm. Don't waste your money on this.
I bought these for my 4.6 lb dog, they were too small for him.
Looks very cheap, and the light is not bright at all. Three days in the sun and the clear part of the light is already turning yellow ish. Save your money.
Did nothing to stop the dog next door from barking - never appeared to be working.
My cat just looks at it. Not interested. Would rather play with a tin foil ball, or take a nap.
This item did not come with the scooper as advertised.
Very small and short
Very hard to press button. I cannot do this while I am taking puppy for walks. Need to be inside house and press button with very hard surface.
I got SO lucky as I spilled part of the container on the floor as I opening it. When I bent down to clean up my mess I noticed tons of ALIVE larva/bugs crawling around in the mix. I looked in container and the entire container was INFESTED WITH LARVA! Had I not caught this, I would have unknowingly infested my terrarium - most likely killing my hermit crabs over time. DO NOT BUY THIS. I'll be reporting this to amazon.
These flee collars are junk! Both cats still have fees and I have pulled 4 ticks off my male cat. I got fulled by the good reviews too. Seems like the first reviews are all about cat poop scoopers.... not what I bought amazon needs to split this poop up!!
This product is garbage. The plastic is so bad that seed, pellets, and toys cause it to fall off the cage. A bird landing on it is much worse. Do not buy this.
I was surprised by how thin it is and by the very strong chemical smell it emits. There are enough chemical smells in a car without adding the made-in-china smell! It really stinks!
I don't know. Haven't received it. Told amazon to send to temporary address they did not. Called post office to have it rerouted to temp address n they didn't do it. Discussed!!
Diligently used these according to mfg instructions for my old english 55lb pup. After 12 weeks, no difference. This was a waste of money. Don't be fooled:\
I should have read the reviews before purchasing. Anyone that knows anything about cats knows that cats HATE the sound of velcro. While my cat doesn't mind being in this he freaks out when it's removed from the loud sound. Update: My cat escaped from this holster. Waste of money.
So over priced, it should be illegal
Nice piece of glass. BUT, suction cup provided did not fit, will have to find a way to jimmy rig it...ended up using a zip tie and poking a hole through the side of the suction cup to get it to work. After getting the suction cup to work, set up everything. Can't get CO2 through ceramic disk. Not porous enough?? Tried with a power air pump as well and nothing...
I purchased this product on Jan 23 of this year. Today, March 7, the handle has broken off of the scoop. I was hopeful that, because it is a metal scoop, that it would be heavy duty, but it was not. I would not recommend this product.
My dog just wouldn't eat with this on his food.
I have used this product before without any issues. The drops looked thick and yellow and and I was a little concerned and or fish died a few hours later! My 9 year old is very upset!!
Another issue with them sending a different color than advertised. Dissatisfied.
Driftwood was advertised as 2 “Large” pieces. I did receive 2 pieces, but I would in no way call them large. Each piece was about hand sized. Very disappointing. They might be useful in a tiny tank (5 gallons or less).. I will say that they were packed for shipping very well. Wrapped in bubble wrap, and shipped in a box.
I have two older dogs who are already ignoring this bed (just received it today) because they can't maneuver on it. There's absolutely no firmness to the base of it. It's like a big old way-to-soft pillow. What were these people thinking when they put this thing together?? And since it's a jumbo size, it looks like I'm stuck with it. I will not ever order another dog bed from Amazon. Grrrr.....
After giving only 2 soft tabs a day to my senior cat for about a week and a half, she developed severe constipation. Luckily, I happened to see her straining in the litter box and immediately took her to be treated by a vet. She had to be hospitalized, given subcutaneous fluids, enemas, and had manual extraction. Watch your pet closely... very scary!
We are very disappointed in this elk antler. Our lab chewed it down to nothing in less than a week! The previous elk antler that we had lasted close to 2 years!
Cheap plastic. Came to us broken and cracked. Would not buy again.
Did not work. My poor dog is itching from fleas. Have to buy another product.
Was not the color of the picture at all! The picture looks like a desert sandy color, which is why I ordered it for a desert terrarium. The color that arrived (which you will see in the pics) is mostly black and dark brown. Not conducive to a desert environment at all!! On top of that it looks and feels super cheap, and there are all these very obvious circles all over it from the Styrofoam that was spray painted! (Which I also took a close up photo to show). Overall this product is a waste of money, regardless of what color environment you want it for, and I will be returning it.
Does not work in Cascade 700 as description says. Too large to fit in unit.
I only received one piece of the set. I would have really liked to have received both pieces.
I thought I was doing a good thing buying the Remington brand, but not with this. It may as well be a circus whistle.
Did not work and dogs stopped eating their
Moves extremely slow even with new batteries. My cats love typical laser lights bur were not impressed at all with this waste of money.
Don't work long and burned up my pumps
The pee goes right through. This is basically pointless.
Spare yourself. It was the trouble of ordering the water bottle, trying it out with water in it, finding out the spout does not fit, putting it back in the box, printing the return label, walking to UPS and dropping it off. Great with Amazon's customer service, but this item should not be offered for sale. I have better things to do with my time and now I am without a water bottle for my dog when heading off on a trip.
Didn't work. The heating element was too small. We had better luck with a faux-fur heated blanket.
I bought it on the 15th and its already dead on the 21st.
The product is so hard to set . I'm not even sure if it works . I will play more with it and find out . I'm good with many electronics except this one is the strangest .
Restraining leash that is built in to hold pet in place will not shorten to length required. Dog was out of the seat and hanging by his harness before I got in the drivers seat.
The fine sands sticks to my cat's paws and she will trace it all over the floor. That causes dusts and when it gets wet,,,, even worse! It starts smelling funky as soon as I replace with the new sand. ( it is more a sand smell, not my cat's) I still get the regular Double Duty one.
After less than 2 months the clasp broke and have not been able to contact the company for a replacement item.
Cute idea, for a dog that doesn't chew up stuff. My lab had this torn apart in less than 2 hours. I bought it because it had the KONG label, and I made the assumption that it would be less destructible than it was because it was a KONG product. This would be perfect for dogs that truly don't chew stuff, I've just never owned one that didn't at least thrash toys around.
When I placed this outside the cage there was a small gap where the bottom didn't touch the cage. Seeds still got all over the floor.
My 8 pound dog destroyed this in about an hour
The length is great. But, the mechanics used to squeeze the jaw is extremely stiff and it's difficult to get the jaw to close and grip tight on whatever you are moving (see picture) It's all plastic and feels like it's gonna break. I would return it, but I've already used it.
They seemed fine at first but smell like urine when the dog chews them. Odor is noticable without getting very close.
I bought this to feed the cat when we are away for weekends. It seemed to work but sometime on the weekend some other animal (probably a raccoon) got into it and ate all the food in the hopper. Fortunately a friend came by to check on things and noticed it was toppled over and empty. So would work indoors e.g. for a person with unpredictable work schedules or the like, but not as an outdoor feeder.
My rabbit is 6 years old and free rage, so he is well potty trained. I wanted to replace his old cage with a new one. He only uses his cage as a litter box. He will not use this cage because of the wire floor. I was reluctant to buy this cage because of this feature. I ultimately bought it because I thought if he was only using it for the bathroom it would be a quick in and out and wouldn't hurt his feet. Bottom line: WIRE BOTTOM CAGES ARE NOT GOOD FOR ANY RABBITS OR OTHER ANIMALS. Especially if this cage is more than just a litter box. Do NOT purchase this cage as a rabbit home, because it is way to small for a proper rabbit home.
Unlike me others may want to note the dimensions. To me this is not a helpful size for an adult cat to get full stretch n scratch. Disappointed
So granted I have a 1 year old bluetick, 9 month boxer and 6 month german sheppard....might just be their puppy stage but this product did nothing to calm them down....wasnt expecting a drastic change but something would have been better than nothing. They do however enjoy the treats for all thats worth.
I purchased 2, 1 works great and the other not so much... it doesn't put out even pressure and is much louder thatn the other.
The staps where it clips to the head rests loosens on its own. I've had to adjust it several times because when it's not tight, it moves around.
The neck is not stretchable. The XS could not fit over my 5-pound chihuahua's head.
Smelt like straight up hot glue and was missing a chuck of the fake leaves
If you buy this, immediately cut off the straps (see photo) that are designed to go between the seat and back. Our husky got under the cover and got his head stuck in the strap and started choking. They are too small and a danger to the dog. I cut them off.
I gave this as a gift to a loved one. Within a couple of months, the waist pouch clasp broke. The product says there is a lifetime guarantee, but there does not seem to be a way to get in touch with the seller. My friend says the whole set up is great, but the fact that the clasp broke so soon is a big bummer.
Didn't work for our dog.
Very uncomfortable shoulder strap can't be held for very long
I don't know why but my cat refused to eat this food. Yes, he is spoiled, he is finicky, so I didn't force the issue. I just figured it was him. But - there's stray that hangs around my backyard; I thought he would appreciate it. No, a couple of bites and he's gone. I can't recommend a food that even strays won't touch.
Wasn't what I was wanting for my red foot tortoises. Makes things too dry
These were an awesome idea for my dogs so I can see them outside. But they are not safe. My dogs were able to bite them because they hang so low off the collar and was able to bite it open and swallow the batteries!
Much larger than described for size of pet. Poorly made. Seams with strings and areas not sewn fully. Poses danger to pet.
This are made way to small for the size on the chart! I need to send them all back regretfully otherwise they were really cute
The customer service with this device is very poor. Very short and don't aren't honoring the device warranty. The clip broke off the device and so did the collar clip it self.
my puppy is not a very tough chewer and he shredded this thing in about 5 min. don't get me wrong, with the crinkle and the squeakers, he loved it but it's so soft and thin I cannot imagine a dog that would last more than 10 min with this thing. not worth the price
Bought with the Catit track, but my cat couldn't care less about the blinking light. After a few days I noticed it seemed to be blinking all the time, or just seemed that way if walking by was enough motion to set it off. Either way, the battery only lasted a few weeks and it's already super dim.
This impeller arrived with no shaft road, there was not even an option/recommendation to buy one, rather frustrating.
My cat is not interested in this at all!
too small for my puppy. i didn't wanna go through the trouble of returning or exchanging, so i just gave it away.
I thought this would be a great thing to help our dog stop barking but it hurt the dog even on low. It ran continuously even when there was no barking or sound in the house. I would stand close to it and watch it and the green light would light up with no sound at all in the house. Our dog would shake with pain, hid under the bed or in corners when it was on and on low. The dog would stop shaking and act normal when disconnecting the battery after a few minutes and start shaking and hiding when reconnecting the battery. This tells me it is on continuously and not working as it should be. Sad. It is a good idea but dose not work. Returning to Amazon.
The product was cute and I hoped it would help my dog after her surgery, but it only lasted 3 days. My dog managed to take it off while wearing the e-collar and ripped it to pieces. Waste of money on my part.
Why is there a drawstring? The picture and description doesn't mention anything about the suit having a drawstring around the neck. The velcro width is thin but strong, which is the only pro. The fabric feels like spandex, which idk if it's a good thing or a bad thing. I purchased this and the exact same one from a different seller for $1 more, and the more expensive one didn't come with a drawstring and had a wider velcro. Returning this and keeping the other.
crazy tiny... didn't end up using because so small
Came fast but broke quick too. Of course the price was very low sooooo.
It's a real pretty cat tree and would have been easy to assemble if one of the pieces wasn't the wrong size. I gave it two stars because the cats don't care that the whole tree leans a bit. I put weights at the bottom as well to make it sturdy.
easy to clip. not sure how well it will stay. didn't come with silencer that it said it would.
These are nice quality but my dog is indifferent to them...Not sure why
Very small! and bad delivery
It lasted 1 hour with my 7 month old lab. She's more of a destroyer than just a chewer.
The pad split after three uses. It was cooling, but not durable. Returning item.
Great quality toy but I was bummed because the squeaky does not work. I used it for decoration so it was great for that. But I intended to give it to my dog after and it's main purpose wasnt fulfilled. I was pretty bummed for the price
Does not fit my cage well, Lovebird is too intimidated to try and too get in, as there is no ladder or anything to help her get into the bath. Must figure out how to get bird to use it. way to big for cage cage, or cage food/water gates, and just too awkward for use. My bird is not tame enough for her to use outside the cage and again, she is scared of it.
Meh. My 8 year old dog was able to chew and break the little pieces off after just 2 days. She's not really an aggressive chewer neither. Pretty disappointed in this product.
It lasted 6 months of daily use before finally burning out. The description indicated a 25 watt bulb was included but after opening it to replace it was actually a 15 watt bulb. Very difficult to remove the plastic cover over the bulb without breaking it, ours broke in both corners despite being as careful as possible. Would not purchase again for this reason.
To small for what i needed bought a different one.
I guess I bought the wrong flavor, my cat won't eat this at all. She likes the Nutrish Chicken flavor and I guess I'll stick with that on future purchases. Just thought I'd try giving her something different but didn't work out. Now, I have a whole bag of cat food, I guess I'll try to give to a friend.
My bunnies love this hay!! Unfortunately, it has a moderate amount of brown unedible hay and a lot of hay dust in the bag. For the price of this product it should be better!!
Cat wouldn't use it. Ball doesn't keep going just rocks after the first go around.
They refuse to eat it. I beg them every night to eat their food.
My 8 month lab destroyed this toy in less than a week. Highly disappointed!
Cute, but doesn't hold up to water or heat well
Didn't really work for any of the issues my dog was going through. I feel like it was overpriced and didn't last that long. I won't be purchasing again.
This is hardly self start. I'd rather suck out my dirty aquarium water through a straw. To get this going you literally do have to suck it like a straw to start it. So self start is not an accurate description
Total waste of money. My cat refused to engage with this toy. It was worth a try, but definitely not for my girl. It seemed a bit heavy for her to be bothered playing with it. She'd rather play with her toy mice and then go eat some hard food. Oh well.
May work for some but not for our cats.
Very flat and not worth the money. It doesn't have a removable cover. I needed 2 so I didn't want to spend a fortune but I found nice, thicker ones at Walmart for around the same price or less.
The balls are very delicate and my Dog & Puppy chewed them up, and you do not carry replacement balls!
I ordered 2 Larges for my dog and they sent me 2 smalls.
Didn't really do much for my dog.
Received it already damaged. It looks like it was used and someone decided to return it and it was resold. Package and collar were damaged. Bell on the collar is useless.
Our young rabbits slipped right out of these each time we put them on, even in the tightest configuration. Might work better on larger rabbits or other small pets.
I have been very frustrated with my Petcube recently. The device doesn't want to connect to the Wifi, which means I either have to reconnect it or reset the dang thing every time I go to use it. I've tried reaching out to the Petcube customer service to trouble shoot but nothing has worked. The emails between the customer service team were just your basic like making sure the Petcube was plugged in.. and then I tried to call them and could barely understand the person on the other end of the phone. The WiFi router is within a few feet of the device. (I also have other smart devices that have no issues pairing with my WiFi) I am disappointed that I have to pay a monthly subscription for something that hardly works. Yesterday, we had horrible thunderstorms and wanted to check in on my puppy and numerous times could not connect, that was the final straw. Great idea but not the best. However, when the device actually works it is great! I can see my puppy and interact if I wanted. (But only happens about 50% of the time)
They fell apart within the first month of purchasing. They were bought for a 5 month old mini dachshund.
omg! so I bought this for my bunny. My first bunny so I didn't know exactly how the alfalfa hay was to look like. I opened the box and was like..hmm they are very compress together...been feeding it for a month because I bought the 5 pound one..and My bunny still ate it I was like oh ok. I decided to order a bag of oxbow alfalfa hay which came in today and was like holly sh*t!! is this how its suppose to look like?? it actually looks fresh. So i went back to this page and checked out the bad reviews this time and looked at the pics customers has been posting...and wow.....my batch was super old...dry...dark...dusty....smh!! felt so sorry for what I've been feeding my little bunny! so i quickly tossed it out.
I love to get great deals and most of the time I can fix or modify the product to work. Bent metal no biggie part that's broken then if can fix great but sometimes. This one I'm sad .. parts missing and plastic cracked doesnt leak but still. So cant dat much for the way it came but I'm sure as always I will figure a way or just trash it.
The animal has to be very close for this to work, so if perchance it doesn't, you are dog food, as there is no time for plan B
It okay, but water goes through it easily.
Twice now when I've needed it I have pressed the top and all it did was hiss.
I have a small terrier that barks a lot and it did not work at all :(
I only got 8 sets! I was supposed to receive 10 sets of 4 pads each.
It's great that there were multiple muzzles to try to find the one that fits your dog the best, but unfortunately, none of these fit mine (shiba inu). The small was too small and the one after that was too big. He also managed to get it off him pretty easily, though it's probably because it was too big for his long snout.
This product is advertised as odor-free and it, by far, is not. We have had many brands of bully sticks and those we have had in the past sold as odor-free were significantly without the awful smell that bully sticks tend to have. I would not recommend this product.
I am very dissapointed that Amazon does not give warranty for this product. When I contact them to tell them that 1 of the Pest Repeller doesn't work, they told me to contact the company. I can't reach Bell+Howell. Very disappointing situation.
The product has amazing scissors that are able to cut through my dog's hair. However, they don't fit my large man hands. This is extremely dissappointing as it was a comment that was answered. “Will fit your fingers. I have big fingers.” Etc. Well, I have large hands and these scissors bruised as they were waaaaay too small.
My cats did not like the plush feel of the toy--dogs would probably like it. Wasn't enough catnip in it to entice them.
This did not stop the barking, it may have slowed it down a little bit. The dog owner got a bark collar and the issue is much better.
Tried these for my Papillon's severe allergies. They smelled, looked, and tasted OK per my dog. Just did not help the scratching, licking and biting of her skin. Contacted the company and they agreed to refund my purchase price with no questions asked.
While the overall quality of the product is very good, the design isn't. The trays are very shallow so you can only fill it with a thin layer of litter. It's also obviously much smaller than a litter box. My cat got used to peeing in or on the side of it, but there wasn't enough litter for him to poop and cover it... so he pooped on a carpet, on a bathroom towel, pretty much anywhere but there. I'd say just get yourself a bowl of litter for the toilet bowl.
I thought this was a little expensive for the quality
My cats wouldn't eat this to save their life. Can't say it helped my kitty get better in any sense. She has an upper respiratory infection which is nearly impossible to cure. This didn't do the trick.
I bought this last year after our first transmitter was ruined by lightning. Within the last month this transmitter has stopped working consistently and our dog has gotten out multiple times. We've found that it will work again if we unplug it for a minute. It worked well until recently but I don't like it's unreliability now.
This is very cute and looked like it would be tough. Unfortunately, my labradoodle took off the tail, ears and horn within a few days of giving it to her. Not great for aggressive chewers.
Came with missing floor guards and the gate bars were rusty. The single door one I ordered was perfectly fine but the double door came in terrible condition
It's very hard to get suction and comes apart while using.
I really wanted to like this, but it keeps tipping over when the cats jump on top of it so now they are too scared to use it.
When it worked it was great, but it broke after 3 weeks of use. I went to turn it on one day and the laser came on but would not move. Then eventually the laser wouldn't come on at all.
Okay, I just received the bed about 10 mins ago at my home... I was so excited to give it to Belle (Our Pitbull), that we set it all up for her.... don't get me wrong, I love the bed foam and cover.. it is very soft! I love how it came in the package compact. I love that I can take the cover off and clean it when needed but....WHY DOES THE FOAM SMELL LIKE TOOTSIE ROLL??? I mean I love it.. BUT NOT for a dog!! She is smashing her face to the bedding over and over again then scratching at it... She is going to eat the bed!! I can not give it a 5 star mainly for that reason! I spent over $30 dollar on this bedding that is going to be torn to shreds! :( I even tried wrapping it in a fitted sheet, which sucks cause it takes the look and softness away from her bedding.... but she is still smashing her face to it to smell the tootsie roll... This is not good at all! There is 6 of us here at the moment, and we all smell the same smell... By the way. I am in another room across the hall from her and I can smell it where I am sitting!! The pictures are her smelling it through the sheet :(
The seam broke within hours of taking it out of the box. My 4 month old puppy isn't even that hard on stuff (he's had all the same plush toys, blankets and pillows since we got him --all still in good condition), but this thing came apart in a matter of minutes.
It's concept is great but it did not work on my GSP sadly.
The Hammock is made of tough material but the zippers are of less quality, Had 2 and both center zippers were bad, first one right out of the box. Second one broke when my dog jumped from the back seat to the front.
My dog did like the taste of these at first. The price is excellent for how many you will receive. HOWEVER, after taking them for about 3 days my dog began not to be able to tolerate them. I came home to vomit everywhere and she stopped wanting to eat them after the 3 days. Once I stopped giving them to her the vomiting stopped. I ended up taking them to my vet as a donation. If your dog has a sensitive stomach I would recommend NOT purchasing these. Maybe try another brand.
I am moving from the US to Germany and needed a crate that fits airline regulations and will allow my 70Lbs GSD mix to travel safely and securely. He had a plastic crate with a metal wire door for 1.5 years that he would use and I never had any issues with him trying to escape it. Unfortunately it did not meet airline requirements so I needed a new crate. I bought this one. It looked nice and sturdy in pictures and on first assembly. He does not get crated too often so he was left in the crate while running errands to try and get him used to the crate since it will be a long flight. The first time using the new crate he broke out of it. I was not home at the time of this happening, but based on the condition of the sides of the crate opening and the door I do not believe that it took a lot of effort/ force for him to escape. I did not buy this crate with the expectation that it would keep in a dog hell bent on getting out, but to me it does not look like that is what happened. I included pictures of the door, the lock, and the crate post escape.
Lasted 4 months before it fell apart. The wood ripped and for a while we cable tied it together which worked ok for our dog but then another part broke rendering it useless . Bitterly disappointed because it looks great
Very poor quality. Just a bunch of plastic, the holes for the screws were too small and made it difficult to assemble. The holes on the bottom for the rubber feet were uneven and very close to the edge.
My 8-month old puppy managed to get this off the door in 2 minutes, so unfortunately this has done nothing to curb her chewing and scratching on the door.
Poor quality... zipper broke... dog was able to chew it apart and access the pad easily.. ver disappointing. Already ruined and in the trash.. Waste of money!
Its so heavy she dented wood floors but she enjoyed it
I bought this about a month ago and was initially happy with it- it's easy to assemble and use- but today my 35 pound 8 month old pit bull puppy bent the metal as shown in the pictures. He was able to get out of the crate, although my dog walker subsequently reassembled it. You can still see where it is bent. I'm writing the review so you all know a determined puppy can destroy this. I will have to find something sturdier.
Inserted some cheese and peanut butter which are my dog's favorites. He licked it all off without having to chew the toy and then abandoned it! Needless to say, I'm not very happy with the results.
Too small for my standard 24" crate and no way to secure the corners at the bottom. Cheaply made, guess you get what you pay for.
I thought it was a pack of three? Was confused to only get one.
The product came packaged exactly like Described however, the pointers stopped working after a week. I replaced the battery's it came with and the Pointer light was dim
This is basically plastic carpet runner material. I thought it would at least be hopefully stiffer and I am not sure it will keep my kitten from still digging at the corner since there is still a gap there. He likes to pull at the carpet on the right side of doorway, and even the wood trim before I nailed it down tighter. I ordered the 30" for a standard 30" door. It does not fit the entire width. It also does not grip the carpet. My guess would be that Roger the crazy kitten will push it out of the way and resume digging. I bet I can do better with a trip to Lowes. I used credit card points to buy it, otherwise would not have spent $30.
For the premium price I was expecting an excellently performing litter but this product did not live up to it's claims. It does not last longer, It clumps only slightly better and it does not control the smell any better. I have tried many different litters to find the best, and this is not the one. I have had better from Arm & Hammer.
The cats really weren't interested in it. It makes a lot of noise.
My cat absolutely loved it. It's perfect for sub bathing and it folds down so I can close the blinds. Unfortunately it's just so cheaply made. The front pole snapped and it could no longer support my average sized cat. I would not recommend anybody allow their pet to sleep in this unsupervised because it will break.
Collar worked really well the first 2 times using it, really kept my strong 6 month puppy from pulling. The 3rd time using it (as instructed) the clip under the dog's mouth broke.
Didn't work for my beagle.
Measured for my Rott. It's too loose around the neck (fits body great) and twists.
Flimsiest thing on the planet. And it's noisy, if they move in the kennel it crinkles and rattles. Mine was shredded in a month just from wear and tear as my pup never actually chewed it. Just rips easy.
I had all 3 dogs hooked up and 2 would tangle a lot. It works well for 2 dogs, not 3 unfortunately.
My cats didnt like it
This didnt really work for my dog. It vibrated and beeped but did nothing for his barking. Im not sure what it was supposed to do but it didnt work. Im not sure if my dog is just way too hyper but this was a dud for me.
Not for short hair dogs. Barely knocks it off my American bulldog mix.
My cat hasn't used it it once in 3 months. I've seen much bigger in Walmart for less.
I was disappointed in this product. The light where is it out really fast. Even replacing the batteries doesn't replenish it. Additionally if you have a hairy dog like my jammer the golden retriever, it isn't going to show very well.
Works but over priced
Cute but the sizing chart was way off. Thought it would fit my medium dog but its chihuahua sized instead
Not everlasting! Took my dog about 10 minutes to suck this thing down. But I guess it was tasty.
Collar is cheaply made. Dog chewed it with no problem at all. The shock part doesn't work, but the others do and that was all our dog needed. Would I buy it again? Nope.
The smell was supposed to be "cotton + fresh orchid" but is really vanilla. I personally hate the smell of vanilla and therefore do not enjoy the product. However, it came on time and does temporarily mask natural dog oder.
My chickens love this, but packaging failed. Seeds all over the inside of the shipping box.
Some items were of better quality than others.. some items only lasted 5 mins with my dog who isn't an active chewer.
The bowls are fine, but the holder does not fit my crate.
Picky dog, still have most of it.
Did not last more than 1 month before it stopped working.
This arrived today cracked and a piece broken on the top corner. I am returning it and requesting a new one. Hopefully the 2nd one comes in all in 1 piece.
Its durable, its strong, its very cute BUT it is so soft that it loosens itself within minutes so it does not stay tight on my pups neck
My puppy has shown little interest in this toy and it was smaller than expected. I would recommend for super small/young puppies. Not for medium puppies over 10 weeks old.
My cat has nearly chewed through the leather cord in less than a few weeks. He isn't a chewer and had the exact same toy that is over 5 years old. Not sure why this new one is so flimsy.
Too small for larger cats... buy the large size dish if your cat is over 10lbs.
My dog did not like the taste however it did seem to help her food allergy, however while she was on this food for two bags worth she was drinking tons of water and I mean tons. So I took her to the vet and they said it was probably the food, I showed them what I was using and they recommended I change which I have , no water intake and pee breaks are back to normal, so you may want to inquire about salt and or sodium content in the food or processing formula.
My dog did not touch it gave it away
This one is nearly impossible to get on and off of a wiggly dog. I wouldn't have wanted to get the one with the quick-release latch but it is too late to send this one back so now I'm going to have to buy another one
Burnt out after 3 weeks :/ My turtle liked it but I'll be buying something else
I've order this before with no issues but this time 1/3 of the bag was mixed with bird seed??? They must do both products at the same factory? Well Purina, I guess it time for me to change to another cat food. Surprised :(
So much smaller than I thought it would be! Unfortunately, I couldn't return it
I didn't find this helped my Yorkie at all. Sorry, this is a myth.
They dry quick and are lightweight and comfortable, but tore at the crotch the first time I squatted down to wash a dog
It came today and immediately took it outside to play with dog. I definitely think the wand needs to be a bit longer for the length of the tether, or the tether shorter, as my dog was only interested in trying to grab the wand and tether, as opposed to the lure on the end. It does give him a great workout, if I can just get his focus on the lure. The sections do not stay locked, so I ordered the one-piece Tail Teaser wand.
The product did not met the requirements, as there are some imperfection that prevent it to close properly as well as the quality of sewing. Maybe I just got unlucky, but I am not satisfied.
tried to return product but I have not been granted a return slip. the gate does not work in my home on any door way and I am tired of trying to figure it out. It seems to have been measured by a standard door openning of newer model homes and my door measures off what is set for this gate. It seems like a nice product but it does not work in my home.
Smaller than supposed to XL is like a medium size
I got the smallest size they had and the refused to stay on. I have used these types of products before so i know what to do. My cats claws may just be too small.
My dog loves her Jolly egg but after 2 years its pretty torn up. This new one has punctures and crush marks after only 5 minutes. After closer inspection you can see the lines formed by a 3D printer, I compared it to her old one which does not have those lines. I basically got a cheap 3D printed knockoff, don't buy from this seller!
The good: It got here fast! The BAD: Only 3 out of the 4 valves work! The one that doesn't work is because of a badly molded seat of the valve. Poor QA... The Ugly: I purchase this product because it had 4 needle valves that should be good for micro adjustment of flow.. I had to cap off the 4th valve because it leaked badly even when shut completely screwed in. Now I am back where I started, 3 valves and a T splitter... At this price, it's not worth my time to return it...
Updated review: The first two times I ordered these they were great. The sticks lasted for several days. This last time, the packaging was different, more professional. But, the sticks were red and smelled smoky. These sticks didn't last two hours. This is a lot of money for a treat that only lasts a short time. I won't buy these again. Original review: These are good treats for heavy chewers. Both of my dogs can finish a 12" rawhide in a single session. These last several days. The are hard and heavy. When they get dropped on the wood floor, you definitely hear it.
Is growing, but definitely not heart shaped.
My cat and dog were not impressed- I had to Cover the couches with sheets and spray them with this stuff every day !
I bought it so I could brush her while i'm petting her. It doesn't really work that way I can't get the nubs down in her coat to really get the hair off. It's also kinda big for my little hands so that makes it more challenging to get good contact with the loose hair in her coat.
Make hair sorta oily
It broke within minutes after setting it up. Granted, my dachshund has no manners and forced himself through the bars like a heathen but I thought it would hold up better than that
I noticed that the buckle of this collar have low quality. There is no locking mechanism on the buckle so it will easily get remove. One of my cats gets easily agitated and right away she's able to unbuckle the collar. Overall, the rest of the product looks good.
Unless you have a great dane, watch out. They do not fit my dog. Heck, I'm a 6 foot man and they are too bit for me.
Clever idea. No instructions on how to teach dog to use it. Instructions on how to put it together were in pictures, no words. That worked ok for this simple item but generally I find that unacceptable. Seems most items these days come with minimal instructions but include 3-5 languages. I would like to see more thorough instructions with the option to receive in other languages if desired.
My cat didn't like it much.
My cat just doesnt like it she prefer cheap brands :(
The Kaytee brand from PETCO is higher quality as far as the straw to actual hay ratio. 50% of the contents of this box is hard straw that my rabbit refuses to eat. While he enjoys the timothy portion, the straw has begun to pile up as he picks through it.
Too small. Larger dog doesn't fit and gets the floor wet underneath the pad. Likely my dog's fault as it is the pad.
Just received my package and I was super excited, only to notice that it was damaged upon arrival. The box is pretty heavy so I felt that this would be a durable cat tree, but I guess not.
I'm honestly not sure what happened! I've been using this product for years on my 4 Persians and never had an issue. I thought it was a clogged tear duct to the vet I went on meds and now after a month of using Eye envy the staining isn't going away at all. I keep the eyes dry, wiping as I have always done. I gave it 2 stars because it's always worked I'm so disappointed 😞
Not as realistic looking as I thought it would be, basically poured cement. It's solid and less fragile this was though. But didn't have the effect I was hoping for.
Didn't work. The cheap ones that use 6v batteries work better. It looks nice though.
They really are tiny.
We have had it less than a week and the zipper is broken, so the dog can pull the filling out. It's incredibly soft and she loves it, but unfortunately it's now going to end up destroyed in no time.
I used this product to clarify the cloudy water in my tank its over a week now . But until now its still cloudy . See picture. Can someone help?
Cat likes the fish, the feathers, and the twine ball, but nothing else. The most disappointing thing is that the laser pointer does not work at all. I've tried new batteries three times, but it still doesn't work.
Too light weight, turns in air
My cats won't eat it, but then again they are very picky. Ask someone who has a normal cat.
Smaller than described , only two survived , lesson learned
Not pit bull proof. The hooks are not completely welded so there is a small gap. And if your dog like Apollo has pull power the spaces open, and come off the strap loops making the whole thing useless. Seriously, partial weld.... CHEAP
I am honestly baffled at the reviews saying the sound is minimal. Even on the low setting the whoosh of the air is VERY VERY LOUD and so strong that everything flew off the table! My miniature poodle was so terrified that I have scratches all over my arms and neck. We tried several times, offered treats and calming measures, all to no avail. If you have a sensitive dog, this is NOT the dryer to use.
Works but rusting after less than a month, cheap
it is a good size on the dogs but the wording is coming off. along the leash part it has the team name. its peeling off.
dosnt seem to do anything, very little power. didn't do anything to help algae prevention. would not recommend.
They don't stick for long. Very short term use.
Did not add any support and even three techs and the vet couldn't get it to fit where it would provide any support
they push out way easier than the OEM. the machine marks/cuts on the two (2) sets i ordered did not match each other, nor did they look exactly like the OEM. i did not use them, installed the OEM. from what i saw, i would not recommend them. they do not fit like original. they do not look like the original. i ordered two (2) sets, they did not look the same???
My dog loved this food, but it gave her diarrhea, which is very unusual for her. It is also extremely expensive. Not worth it. I would not recommend.
Was pumped on this but my dog who tears stuff up but not too fast annihilated this is 2 minutes to shreds
Could not get this to fit on my cage (see cage photo for reference) Pretty disappointed. I tried fitting it to only one side instead of a corner but it wasn't sturdy enough. And it would not fit in the corner of my cage at all.
fits extremely small
Item arrived looking as it does in the photo, but is not a small size. I know it says small on the package, but when you get it, it's a foot long and quite heavy, my small dogs (both under 20 lbs) cound not even lift it fully from the floor or run with it due to size and weight. Gave it away to someone with a golden retriever. Seemed durable and something a large dog would enjoy.
This had no appeal for my pup, though I have friends whose dog lives to chase his.
Didn't work for my lab. He could not have cared less when we used this as a correction tool.
A lot shorter than expected even after measuring. Order a size up from what you are told to order based on their chart. Very durable, my dog kept chewing through the cloth seatbelts. This one is great!
Found same bag on EBAY for $ 9.99
Adorable sweater! My dog didn't look comfotable. In it.
Doesn't work as a kennel (crate) liner for a young puppy. There's no heft to the pad and the backing slides about in the kennel. The puppy can wad it up as he likes. Then, if the puppy has an accident, the urine pools under the pad and makes a big mess. I'm imagining I misunderstood when I figured this product would work in a kennel.
The description is misleading. It says it keeps the tank at 78 degrees. If you read the fine print it lists a range between 76 and 80. It only heats my 1.5 gallon tank between 76 and 77 which is not my preferred temp for Betta.
Packaging was absolutely disgusting!! The jellyfish had what appeared to be pubic hair stuck all over them! Filthy jellyfish aside the fishing line like string that was suppose to attach the jellyfish to the suction cup is not pre attached and there would be no way to attach the two besides looping the string around and making a knot in hopes that it stays. So disappointed! We were so excited to change our fish tank into a more kid friendly one for our new addition :(
Nice collar but too small for my 1 1/2 year old male English Mastiff.
We have 2 machines and both dogs eat a medium size kibble so the machine should not have any problems. One of the machines seems to work decently well while the other has had problems with kibble jamming and no food is deployed. Today is only the 34th day in use, 4 days after the return period has ended and now the motor on the one that has been jamming completely died. The feeding time alert came on and the motor never kicked on. In the past when it would jam, you could hear the motor turn on, but no food would be deployed. Today, the message came on, but the motor did not.
Dog ripped it to shreds quickly. Then swallowed pieces of cloth.
It was a great idea but my bird shredded it to bits in one day.
Not pleased with this item. I bought a less expensive version and the tone feature was much louder which deterred our dogs from running away and we didn't even need to use the shock. You can barely hear this one let along feel the vibration or shock.
Not satisfied, Made very flimsy, top not very secure & hard to clean out due to curved shape.
Spiral effectively holds in the ground but plastic piece isn't well made and breaks when turning spiral into the ground..
Just got ours today. Had to shake the container several times as it is very chunky and less of a powder. Not sure we will order again.
Gave this to my German Shepherd and she had it torn up in five minutes. Would not recommend.
Beautiful tank. But two things stopped working. The light at the top of the tank. Even when the light was “working” it barely lite up the tank. Within two days, it stopped working at all. The pump that it comes with stopped working 1 week after purchase. Highly disappointing for the beta fish that we can hardly see in a dark tank and the pump needs replacing.
This feeder only works if it is completely connected to wifi. My wifi dropped twice and my cat did not get fed. :( Even though it is hooked up with batteries, it still won't work when the wifi drops. Also, I had to reset it a few times and the reset button broke off - after only two months. We had to return it. We were not happy with this machine.
I ordered two, as I have two cats. My friends have one and it's great. One arrived discolored (not a huge deal, still usable) and the other arrived broken. Unfortunately, I didn't notice the broken one until I assembled it for use as the crack wasn't noticeable when it arrived.
It's a good size and I like that it's hidden but increases the temp on my tank too much about 10-12 degrees Fahrenheit. I plug it in at night and have to unplug it in the morning, or 6-8hrs later, which is annoying. If you buy this heater get a thermometer too.
1st star for head coming off in 10 minutes of play. 2nd star because my dog had plenty of fun destroying the rest of it.
I liked how short the chain was but had broke twice. My dog is only a 13 pound dog
I have an older cat that needs thyroid pills.It didn't dispense the pill every time.My old girl wasn't having it.Had to return. I'm back to concealing them in soft pounce treats.
I have 75 lbs Lab and I buy XL from stores and they fit with no problem, this one is small to a point I have to use medical tape to make it fit
Didnt last very long and my dog is pretty gentle with his toys. He has tons of plush type toys and most of them have lasted months. This last about 1 week.
It is so cute ! ! ! But within 15 minutes, maybe less, was coming apart. Poor puppy has fallen in love with his new friend! I would not recommend to a friend unless they love vultures. 5 stars for appearance, 1 star for dog-friendliness.
PAY ATTENTION TO THE FINE PRINT! This is a tiny, tiny bottle compared to the ones usually found in retail stores. Definitely feel like I was duped being charged a higher price by several dollars more than i pay for the big bottle for what ended up being a bottle about 1/3 the size. Yes I should have read the details, but I have only ever seen one size in stores so didn't think to look.
Not worth it keeps falling apart and won't hold things.
This was my first time buying dog food online. 1 pack of the cans were severely crushed. I was amazed they did not open. Not sure I would order caned dog food online again. We love the product just not the condition it arrives in.
This product does not stay open like the picture shows. The cat will not use because it cannot get into it.
This says it's a 4 way door but it really just controls entry with a magnet on he cats collar. If you have two cats and don't want the second one to go outdoors you can't manage that with the magnet. The door stays open unless you manually lock it. For me I want to go to work and know my cat and come in and out without letting my second cat out. You have to get a much more expensive door for that. Also the magnet is hard for the cat to use as it has to wait at the right distance from the magnet for the lock to pop up.
THE VIBRATE MODE SOMEWHAT EFFECTIVE BUT THE SHOCK MODE ON HIGH PUT IT THIS WAY YOU CAN SHOCK YOURSELF AND BARELY FEEL IT . NOT WORTH WASTING YOUR MONEY ON.
The price was good but they sent the wrong size 1st they sent it to the wrong address as well. tried contacting company but nothing
Top did not lock as tight as it should. The bottom is light weight and easily chewed through. I will keep it in pantry closet as my two thugs are threw one much stronger.
It worked fine for about a month and a half. Then the controller wouldn't respond.
The clasp that the bag stays on the leash with constantly comes apart causing it to fall off. Bags have worked fine though.
definitely not worth the money. It's very thin and my dog will have it gone in a short while.
This was delivered quickly and as advertised, however my 18 pound Scottish Terrier wouldn't touch it. It just isn't stable enough for the dog to feel comfortable. I'd say this would work great for cats (which wouldn't need it) or very, very small dogs, such as a Yorkshire Terrier.
This product worked well for us for a couple months. Then I started noticing my wood floor was very wet and stained from the water leaking out of the fountain at the bottom. I tried emptying it out to (reset it). But I didn't have any luck-it was putting out more water than it was taking back in. I thought about looking at reviews to see if anyone else had the same issue and/ or had resolved it. But that was too much work, so I decided to throw it away. Now we're back to the old water dispenser- which is disappointing.
Returned this item after opening. Came vacuum sealed and could hardly believe it was what I ordered. Once out of the packaging this item was very flat and not soft to lay on. A thick bathroom towel would provide more cushion . Specs say 3/4" thick but thats at widest point and almost none of it was that thick.
These were a great introduction boots for my dog. Closing them made it simple but they didn't stay on well occasionally. They're not water proof
Arived with 1/4 of the log broke off and not as big as described
My dog has aquired uncontrollable itching since we bought this collar - he must be allergic- so not for us !!! I will go back to the liquid
Heavy, hard, and easily scratched.
Great if it's just a small amount of liquid sitting on fabric for a short amount of time, but if a large amount of liquid sits on this for 4hours or more (I bought this for my senior dog to try to protect the bedding while I'm at work for 8 hours) is will leak through.
Loved that they came in a couple different colors so each dog could have their specific color and all 3 could be ran off the same remote. Unfortunately we only got to use it 2 times because every time we tried the batteries were dead. I spent a ridiculous amount of time charging those collars. Who has time to chase down puppies & do that all the time with babies, kids, work, life! The transaction was easy, received quickly & there was a no hassle return & prompt refund.
Extremely strong chemical smell, made my pet rats sick. I can't imagine this being safe for any animal. I let air outside for over a week, and the chemical smell is still there.
After reading about this working to help chickens stop pecking each other it did not work for us
They just throw these real dried leaves that are in a plastic bag in a mailer with whatever else you ordered which means they arrive broken. These should have been packaged in a way to protect the leaves in shipment.
Took dog about 10 minutes to chew
This ball is nice looking and would probably last a long time, but it is WAY too heavy for my 12 lb. poodle. it throws with a THUNK and would be dangerous if it hit anything. She loves the sound it makes, but is wary of it because of its heft. Not made for small dogs.
I bought these for training but my pupper didn't like them
It didn't work to get the skunk smell out of my dachshund.
When I opened the package one of the metal rivets on the end came off. Seems it wasn't made or attached well.
All the reviews made me think this would be a great bed for my dog with high anxiety. The pillow insert is no where near filled enough to cover the bottom of the dog bed. Also it felt lumpy inside I had to work on it to make the round shape. Very disappointed.
I wanted a cheap, simple bed for my dog and cat to use that would fit well under my desk by my feet. It didn't take up a lot of room (which is what I wanted) and the pets used it all the time, but they loved it so much they would constantly scratch at it (like most pets do when they are nesting and getting comfortable) and there would be tufts of it on my carpet that I would have to constantly clean up. Not worth the hassle.
My cat can knock it down over and the food falls out.
These filters seem too leave charcoal residue, and the cat I have don't like that.
Design wise the Velcro is not well placed. The quality is terrible. I'll post pictures the opening for the tube is complete destroyed after a week of use and a delicate cycle wash.
I always read the reviews and thought I'd give this a try for our 12 week old goldendoodle. Her stools were loose so she was going what seemed like 10 or 15 times a day...and not always out side either. It was a mess. I tried the probiotic bites and tube of stuff, but nothing was firming up her stools. They probiotics didn't make them worse, it just didn't firm them up. So I found this and after reading all the great reviews I thought I'd found my answer. Well, nope. Now she had full blown diarrhea and it was like WATER and it was the same color as this liquid in the bottle. So after a couple of days and her being worse than she was originally I thought I'd try the Firm Up Pumpkin Powder. At least the pumpkin got her back to a loose stool instead of just pooping a type of watery substance. So the BM Firm Up Gold is going back. Glad it's worked for others cause I totally understand how awful it is to figure out how to take care of your pup when it has problems with going to the bathroom.
Has a lot of false activation. Would not used shock for that reason.. loud sounds can trigger the device.. would suggest buying something else.
I really wished this product worked for me, but due to a bad chemical odor and tacky film covering the log, I had to return it. When it arrived, the first thing I noticed was that some of the paint was flaking off. No big deal, I thought, and went to give it a good rinse and scrub. Even after scrubbing it down and soaking it in water, it still had the weird smell and sticky coat. It was very cute, floated just as described, but I just didn't feel safe putting this item into my aquarium. Even though I think my fish would have loved it, I couldn't risk the possible issues that could have resulted from the chemical residue on the log.
Bought this for my one year old Shih-Poo. He has no interest and usually loves a new toy and likes to chew.
The front collar part engulfed the dog. I returned it
I ordered the kind with 1% cortisone and received a product without any cortisone. Not particularly happy considering I wanted this to help both immediately and over time.
While my fish go crazy for these things I am sad to say that this second container had me very puzzled 😕 while I have been feeding my fish of late I've noticed some trash floating In the water. Things that appeared ONLY when feeding them. After seeing this last night, I very carefully inspected the warms for there feed today very closely and noticed some very disturbing things mixed in there. Pieces of grass, tiny twigs, hey and, finger nail trimmings (yes you heard me right! Nail trimmings) all of this is all through out the container!!! I'm sorry but to me it looks as though this product was processed in a VERY unclean place and I WILL NOT be buying from you guys again. I do not eat garbage and I WILL NOT expect my water children to either. Very disappointed 😡 because I finally found a product that last and my babies love. Now have to search some somethings else.
The unit lit up, the collar adjusted, but when I charged it the charge status light did not light up to indicate it was charging then turn off when it was done charging.
This tore along the seams after only a handful of uses. My dog is nearly 70 pounds and this leash was a very low price, so I didn't expect it to last forever, but I was disappointed to see how quickly it became unusable.
Wires came out within a month.
My sugar Gliders didnt like it.
Love this product...wish the 100 count was available
Xlarge is real small
ALMOST FINISHED WITH OUR THIRD BOTTLE OF THIS EYE PRODUCT FOR OUR CAIRN, AND I SEE NO CHANGE. I AM DISAPPOINTED THAT THIS PRODUCT HAS DONE NOTHING SO FAR, CONSIDERING THE POSITIVE REVIEWS AND LENGTH OF TIME USED.
The water bowl spills over and leaks quite a bit. My floor is soaking wet all around it. The food does not come down on its own unless the entire unit is shaken vigorously. Very disappointed with this, had high hopes for something great.
Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.
We loved the dog bed; however, no where on the website did it say that 3 was the limit....and we have 4 Rotties. So in order to get a fourth bed, I had my son order from the link I sent him from “buy again”. When it came in, it was the wrong pet bed. We already purchased three of the Jumbo cooling gel beds because they provided more support for our dogs than the fourth bed that my son received for me. I asked my son to return the one he received and replace it with the Jumbo cooling gel bed. In the process, Amazon took $25 out of the refund to return it even though is was under AMAZON PRIME. NOTE: If there is a limit on how many items of the same you can order, it needs to be in black and white where you can see it......instead of thinking something is wrong with your order. And it also needs to state that there is a $25 return fee.
This probiotic gave my cat terrible gas that other brands have not.
This is sized for a medium to large dog. It will not likely fit a small dog. The problem I having is that it will not deliver a shock. I know that it is working having tested it on myself numerous times. My dog has very short hair but it will not shock him no matter how tight I place the collar. When I press the electrodes on my arm wearing a thin shirt it will not shock me so I think it is just not strong enough to travel through fur. If your dog has long or thick fur I doubt it will work at all. The chime and vibration modes do work as advertised.
XL too small for 60 pound Boxer
I like that this calmed down the child I looked after. The product however, broke and she didn't even have it for 1 month.
Didn't come with the toy that was promised, it was big enough for my cat but she refused to go in it and the litter box took up way to much space. Not to mention the flimsy fabric
It doesn't dim enough at night. At 2 am it is still as bright as it is at 9 pm and causes algea issues.
It just didn't work for my dogs and cat. They just. The product did exactly what it was supposed to. The return process was very easy as well. I wouldn't buy this product again but I would buy from this seller.
Our husky puppies do not care about this item. It's rock hard plastic and doesn't have any scent of the flavor it says it does. Doesn't seem like much of a dog toy
My little dog really enjoyed the comfort and coziness of this bed. I was so happy with it until I laundered it. Chunks of the bottom lining broke off in the wash!!
I ordered yellow and it came in red. Shipping was so slow I didn't bother sending it back. Typically no big deal, but pup will only play with the yellow one!
My dog destroyed this toy in 3 days of non heavy use he is a 60 lbs dog.
Arrived with a taped up hole in the bag so of course the dogs wouldn't leave it alone big mess is all I can say. I will mo longer order dog food through Amazon after this
These rusted almost immediately. They are also expensive. Two reasons not to buy them. Too bad, they would be worth it if they didn't rust.
Heavier than I expected. The material is very stiff and thick. It was uncomfortable and rubbed the dog in the wrong places, esp with one of the adjustment buckles right under his armpit.
So this works for a short time. Our cats play with it and it falls apart because its all separate pieces. Get the orange one that is solid it will not break.
About 1/2 died along the way.
Squirrel will not eat any of it ,, some of my feeder rats will eat it ..
The suction was good, however when I place the device in the water (already below desired temp) heater light turns on briefly, then does not heat. I've tested many times, but always does not heat water at all. May be a dud.
This product gave my cat a nasty allergic reaction that required me to bring him to the vet. Watch your cat for 24 hours after you apply. You would think that bear would have figured this out to make it less toxic to animals but nobody seems to care today anyway
This is my second time ordering these cow hooves 10 pack. First time was a nice assortment of light & dark colored strong hooves. This bag was only all dark weaker hooves that break easily. I am dissatisfied with this bag.
my package was delivered at the cross street to a different store and I had to go at the cross street to pick up my box and deal with neighbor attitude and carry the heavy box to my place.
Just about all of these pad are defective. The plastic and the part that absorb the waste came apart on at least half of them. Also have a very foul odor when the pet uses them. Not worth the money.
Way too small and my dog is tiny
It is not for a large cat as advertised
While the shampoo is fine, it doesn't remove tear stains
I ordered this fence for around my new garden to protect it from the deer. My German Shorthaired pointer ran through it 2 times in the first five minutes of it being up because he couldnt see it. This fence is extreamly thin and is hard to see if you are not paying attention. I hung ribbons on the fence to make it more visible. Today my dog wanted inside the fence and litterly walked right through it. Idk how this product will work for deer but I strongly recommend you do not use this for dogs. I can rip this fencing with two fingers. I am going to go out on a limb and say this product is not worth 25 dollars.
The larger leaves are silk, but the smaller ones along the bottom are plastic. I bought this because it says it's great for Beta fish, but plastic is not good for beta.
The product appears to be well made, but it is too large for small dogs. The photo shows how big the clip is. It won't even fit in the loop on my dog's collar.
Though this is well made, I rated it two star for a deceptive product description. Parakeets were listed as one of the birds it was suitable for, but it would take a huge parakeet to use it. I think owners of larger birds would like it.
This product was of pretty poor quality. It put us in a really bad situation one night when it sprung a leak and we could not keep it inflated!
These filters are of lessor quality than the original but being that they are less expensive I tried them. They don't fit as tight so it's my opinion that they don't filter as well but I'm sure they have specs that say differently. I just prefer the OEM so I'll spend a bit more.
returns it, to small and had transformer on the plug, not very good for outdoor use.
I have two German Shepherds and they both enjoyed retrieving this toy, unfortunately it's not very durable. The hole the rope goes through ripped to shreds within two days. Perhaps this toy was designed for soft mouth dogs or bird hunting dogs, definitely not built for German Shepherds.
This was bought for my petsafe wireless dog collar. I usually don't give negative reviews, but this battery doesn't for snug in the collar. There is no pushing and turning, it just turns. My young, very active dog has lost 3 batteries in a week. They just turn freely. I had to use duct tape to hold them in.
My lab puppy didn't even respond/phase to this. We went up to 100 on shock and nothing. Very disappointed
Very thin, but the dog lays on it. Can unzip the cover and remove to wash, that's good.
was easy to install, right size, but the flap sticks open. will not close on its own. okay for interior doors, not so good for exterior
Would have been great, except one of the handles that goes over the head rests broke and couldn't be repaired.
Way to small and falls apart
it served its purpose I suppose but the handle on the back broke almost instantly when I needed it the most. My dog fell off the raft and as I was grabbing the handle it ripped. Yes my dog knows how to swim but with a current it would have been nice to have a reliable jacket. I won't be buying one again.
Whoever designed the cage and this product is evil. The bottom pan in the cage is practically useless because it is so shallow. They should either include this product with the cage or make deeper pans. Putting this thing together and getting it to fit in the cage is a nightmare. Say goodbye to being able to close the cage doors!!! Yet another poorly designed and difficult product from Midwest. Unfortunately I only got this cage because it is the least horrible in a bare market.
I liked that this makes feeding more fun for my dog but the bowl is huge and still too big for my little chihuahua
Very cheap craftsmanship. Poor sewing and flimsy materials. Returning immediately as it will probably quickly fall apart it's made so poorly. I'll spend a little more money to get something that is well built and will last.
the meats in this product seemed overly dehydrated. Dogs did not like, and they eat mostly anything. Sorry Rachael - they love your dry food Dish though!
Fell apart the first day. Quit shaking/,moving. Lost its eyes during the first week. Dog likes tossing the eyes around and he likes to chase and toss the body.
I have a 12 lb min poodle and ordered the xs as chart indicates..the neck strap is not long enough to slip easily over the head and the neck buckle is very large and sits right on the sens throat area. so trying to a get harness that slips over the head is still a challenge.
Cute but cheaply made
Cute giraffe that actually farts! Farting noise is not very loud though. Biggest complaint was, my Mastiff (still a puppy) chewed one eyeball off & ripped one ear after an hour of playing. I would have expected better quality for the price I paid. Perhaps better for very small breeds. Would not buy again.
Not sure what the problem is, but my cockatiel definitely would not eat this.
I thought these would be pressed peas but they are like flakes of a pea liquid
i ordered the smallest size for my 10 lb chihuahua and he's worn it off and on for the past month. Never really fit him snugly but closest thing I have found for a fit. Seemed to be great for him for the first few weeks, but took it off him for a bath today and found raw spots on his skin underneath where the harness is obviously rubbing him. I noticed he had been trying to get it off himself but didn't realize it was hurting him. I won't put it back on him.
Plastic buckles all broke when adjusting
Very cute, but also very cheaply made. Water gets in between the stainless and plastic. After a few washes, the lettering starts to come off.
It went off at its highest setting just when my dog jumped up and when I slowly lowered it wouldn't go off at all----- couldn't find a medium spot for it to work right---good luck
Dog broke the cheap plastic hinges very quickly...so now I just have a hole in the side of my house for skunks and raccoons to explore if they desire. It also went through "D" batteries extremely quickly. For the amount of money, the company should have at least used a hinge that could support a dog going through it.
The jacket looks bigger than it actually is.
Doesn't fit as expected and a bit awkward
Since I own a pitbull and people tend to walk the other way when they see my dog I figured this harness would help change people's perspective. 1) the neck size is very small. It wouldn't even fit over his head. If by some miracle I was able to put it on then the harness would probably just be choking him. The neckline should be adjustable 2) it doesn't seem all that strong. I did see some reviews prior to purchasing about the harness getting damaged by the dog pulling but I still wanted to see for myself. My dog doesn't pull often but when he does I'm sure that this harness would not hold up. He'd definitely tear it apart My neighbors also have a pitbull but he is a lot smaller than mine so I gave the harness to them. Haven't seen them use it so they probably came to the same conclusion about the quality of the harness This harness is definitely better suited for smaller dogs.
I mean it's okay.....but definitely not $21 okay. I have three long hair cats and really needed something like this. It picks up -some- hair and then you have to swipe it like five times to get it off.
They work but laser has a ring surrounding the light when it hits an object
I had this for less than five months and maybe used it a dozen times, tops. Now one of the compartments does not open even with brand new batteries. I ended up purchasing another brand's automatic feeder.
My dogs like the light and lick it when I use the correction modes. I don't think that is how it is supposed to work.
Love this bed, but they sent the wrong color and it is too complicated and unconventional to return since my pug needed the bed immediately!
A cool concept unfortunately marred by poor build quality. The leash holder that's supposed to spin to prevent the leashes from tangling doesn't actually spin unless you apply more force upon it. Often this will end up having the wires wrap around each other many times over forcing you to stop, rein your pups in, and fix it. This also can prevent you from pulling in your dog or locking the wire since everything gets tangle quickly. Overall a nice idea but it might be better to find a more qualified manufacturer. This gets 2 stars for messing up the key component that's supposed to set it apart from other normal leashes.
It didn't work for my French bulldog, she still barks a lot when I leave her and I use this indoors. Any suggestions?
Very uncomfortable for my dog and my shoulders. No padding, it's all for looks not comfort.
Not impressed with battery life of the collar. Lasts a day if we're lucky. Spends more time on the charger than the dog
Had the product for less that 2 weeks and it started to leak all the time. Worked good at first. But would not recommend it.
My cats love it but it Falls apart easily
As soon as I received the box, and it was tightly rolled up I knew something was off. I made a mistake of wasting my money in this before I realized it was not one large piece of memory foam bed but shredded pieces and it makes it lumpy. I am disappointed. I feel like it was a waste of money
Hello . We just received the wishbone . Sadly my dog which is a boxer mix literally had it for 5 minutes and its falling apart. I thought it was for an aggressive chewer but I may have clicked and ordered the wrong one :( he has bitten right through the handle . It seemed durable once I opened the package but didnt last long for this breed:(
my Rottweiler puppy liked it in the first couple of weeks but have lost interest in it. it's better if the product is flavored.
Great product. Only one issue - they put carpet on the wrong side of level 2 - item E At first I thought they drilled the holes wrong - perhaps they can replace it and gladly would change my review
I have used Nature's Choice shampoo for years and it is thicker and more concentrated. A thick shampoo helps with applying shampoo to the underside of a large long haired dog as it does not run through your fingers and get lost down the drain.
Worked okay but they broke really easy my cat can ram out of them when they are locked!
these pill pockets are smaller than the identical package purchased at my vets
Don't be fooled! i purchase this toy for my 2 kittens because the description clearly says WE GUARANTEE OR YOU MONEY BACK IF YOUR CAT DOES NOT PLAY WITH IT I received the toy and my 2 kittens won't be bother, literally they don't even look at it I put them on top of it and they walk away i contacted the seller 2 days after I received and i apologized but i needed to return it and i wanted to get my money back He said they will not supply a return voucher and that it would cost me more to return it( to China!!) than keeping it so please enjoy and hopefully your cats will start liking it!
my dog chewed through it in less than 15 minutes
The right side of the bed is slouching, not good quality. Would not recommend.
Very cheap looking. Scratches on the frame and the quote page is just a flimsy scanned piece of paper. Disappointed.
It says it only takes 2 weeks to process from the time its received. The lab received mine Feb 8th. Here it is Feb 28th and still nothing! ...They sd it's still processing. 😡
Ordered size that stated what size to order and item is too small
It doesn't stay square and firm like the picture, if I could ,I would return it
We had to use our own screws for this product! The holes were barely predrilled - our high power drill wouldn't drive these screws in, they stripped out. My husband figured he could have made the whole thing himself - save yourself the money on this one.
I ordered two only one works and I really don't know if it works because it shows my dog is in the same spot. I don't know if it needs to reload or what it's definitely not worth the cost but the idea of this product is great but improvements need to be made but it's probably better then most on the market that are low cost. I don't i myself am a little disappointed with the purchase but was also tempted to buy 2 more for my others but now seeing that my dog shows her location in the same spot every time I check isn't too pleasing defeats the purpose but I could be doing something wrong. I don't think these are water proof which is definitely problematic. But I could be wrong about that all I know is one never worked and the other was able to pair and shoes my home on the app but shows she's in the same spot every time. Ehh don't waste your money if you really need one better off buying one that's more expensive. But the good thing with this is you don't need to pay a monthly subscription. This is a hit or miss in my opinion. I can't say the second one doesn't work because it could be me that's not doing something right.
This item didn't work well. My dog would shake off and the collar would go off. We adjusted it and still had issues. It didn't always go off when he barked
My tag arrived very scratched up :(
Didn't work for my puppy. She preferred to chew them up vs. use them.
It rolls nicely and holds the food. The treat (small) one latches fine but the large one for the food does not latch.
Too small. They do list dimensions, but the pictures make it seem way bigger, and it says it's for up to 25 lbs which is absurd. My pup is only 14 lbs and didn't fit.
I'm not sure how old the batteries are but I know after using this type of battery it typically lasts about 3 months unless the dog makes the units go off frequently which causes more battery use. My dog is well trained and doesn't challenge the fence so the battery should have had no issues making it 3 or more months. The first battery only lasted MAYBE a month. I am on the second battery and keeping track of how long this one lasts. As for the packaging...all the batteries were out of the individualized compartments and were being tossed around in the box.
The first batch I ordered were great! The ears were big, some even huge, with a few small ones thrown in. They were also non-greasy which was great! I reordered because of this. But the ears in this second batch are all small, almost half the size of the ones previously ordered. Plus they are greasy, which means they are messy. Too bad their product is not consistent.
My dog was able to chew through it in a matter of days. But it was cute
A dog blanket that must be hand washed? There were no instructions on the product information before buying, so I assumed you washed it 'as normal' but then I read through the reviews more thoroughly where someone asked that question, and it was 'suggested' that it be hand washed! I have not hand washed it, needless to say. I've machine washed it and try to line dry it but the weather doesn't always cooperate. It has stood up well but several other buyers said they lost the waterproofing when they did this. I don't need that feature so I do not have info on that - this blanket protects my bed and couch from fur and dirt, waterproofing is not my #1 priority.
I ordered a RED mat. They sent an ORANGE mat. I returned it and asked for a RED mat again. They sent another flipping ORANGE mat! It's not even a nice orange that could pass for red-ish! It's florescent orange! I am pissed my time was wasted and will not buy from this seller again!
This is not good for small dogs. It's too big for their small mouths.
Only a third crackles. 2 of the 3 tunnels do not. I suppose it's described in the fine print somewhere but kitty gives 2 paws down.
This product was not for dogs. Definitely for very same puppies.
Was extremely heavy and I received a random pink color. The materials were of good quality. But, it was just overkill for my puppy. If you need a leash of this magnitude, you might want to invest some more time in training your pup.
It's not a bad product its just that if you turn up the heat all the way it may burn through plastic. I had this under my red runner roaches with heat all the way up ,and when I came home there was a hole that the heating pad made. Then all the roaches got out and I had to try and get them all.
Does not pick up every hair the old sticky paper roller type still works better
I purchased this back in April. I so happened to clean out my terrarium and I noticed there was no heat. How do we fix this?
I purchased this in an size extra small for my Chihuahua. I could fit two of her in this. It's ashame because the quality is nice and I think she would have looked really cute with it on but it was way too big. I think it would have fit a dog closer to 10 pounds.
Small is too small for an adult cat. Doesn't seem escape proof at all since the velcro isn't a very heavy duty velcro compared to the comfy cone velcro strips.
It's crazy cheaply made. The zipper broke the first time I tried to zip it. The air funnel wasn't open and I had t figure out how to puncture it just so I could blow it up. Honestly, the cone the vet gave me worked better. Save your money.
Package was open and it's a non-returnable item
no more life time replacement, my 15 month old Collie has broken two in the last 6 months. He gets excited (granted he is still be trained) and jerks hard enough to snap the cord/tape. The lock jams and does not release without fussing. I purchased these for years but sorry no more...
I bought this to trim my cat's paw furs and it did the job, but I won't be keeping this item because it's so loud and it vibrates enough to scare my cat. I was only able to successfully trim her paw fur by distracting her with treats.
This didn't work for me...I'm sure it is a fantastic product, but my dogs are just too big for it..
Was not happy when I saw this product and they didn't send me a pump for the bottom.
Battery died within 2 weeks. And only used it 20 minutes, less than 10 times. After I purchase this online I saw they sell at Home Depot. I would not buy from this seller again
Very low gauge metal not what I expected would not use on any medium or large size dog, wasted $$
Disappointed dogs would t eat it smells Terrible
My dog doesnt get it...not using. How can i get him to?
Helped but didn't work that great
Very inconsistent. Never really worked.
I feel like I paid $10 for oats and my dog was just not interested. I'm not sure what Was expecting but this was not it, it's 90% oats. We've had better luck with NuPro. I have a very picky eater, I'm sure many dogs may be just fine with it, but mine was not.
The first 2 times I purchased these for my dog they were great! This last time the pieces are chucks too small for me to safely give them to my dog. Very disappointed
This saucer was great for about a week, was not make much noise at all. But the plastic was not very thick on the stand part and was chewed up beyond use within two weeks. Wouldn't recommend
Well made, and came as advertised, but my dog won't even think about drinking from it, so it does me no good at all. I think the rubber or plastic it's made from is off-putting to her.
This is the 3rd gentle lead I've purchased the product works really well with my dogs but the quality of the clip that goes around there nose is awful I've had it break on 2/3 of them. The buckle is also EXTREMELY hard to clip hence probably why they always break.
If you have an active puppy, this will not hold him
Great treat overall. Both of my pit mixes loved it. I am not necessarily blaming pet n shape but i have picked my dog treats carefully for years... This treat choked my pit/chihuahua. I know this is an issue with rawhide but thought i was safe with this. My rec? Give it to uour pup and stay around. I left for work and my healthy girl died with it in her mouth and throat.
Exterior is perfectly fine. The 25lb puppy was able to open the Velcro and destroy the pillow in 10 minutes. Only 2 stars because the exterior is perfectly intact.
My dog destroyed in 1 day.
Our terrier mix puppy destroyed this in under 10 minutes! Nice product if you don't have a extreme chewer!
I'm sorry my dog was picky for this
I have only used this product twice since I got it about a month ago. When I came home today, it was constantly making a noise. I would expect it to do its job (which I'm assuming it did) but not when my dog isn't barking. I took out the battery to see if it would reset itself but when I reinserted the battery it kept making the same noise. I'm disappointed with the product and wouldn't recommend.
Product is great itself but the condition it arrived in...
It looks beautiful in the tank, and the fish have really grown to love it. Especially the fries in the tank, as it's a great hiding place for them. My issue with it, is that there has been some discoloration. I assumed at first that it was just regular tank build up, and cleaned it off. Three days later though, the brown spots were back. The tank is regularly maintained and nothing else in the tank is having the same issue. The other problem I'm experiencing, is that there has been some paint peeling on the inside. I was concerned with the fish ingesting paint flecks, so I removed the police box from the tank. I was really disappointed, as up until this point, we and the fish were both enjoying this particular decoration. :(
Makes the tank yucky. Definitely won't buy again.
Maybe I missed it but the food is way too deep in the dish and my Queensland Heeler cannot even get close to it
Cats did not go for it and when they did, it just left a trail on my floor.
Hard to clean hair weaves right in and straps broke on both I bought
Guinea pigs do not have any interest in them
Stopped working after a year and 6 months. Expensive paper weight. Can't get ahold of seller/petsafe through amazon
Sadly not even after having it for a week, when I moved it the whole thing cracked. I felt like it wasn't a very good value for the cost. Otherwise - it is a litter box.
cat wouldn't touch it. gave it away. I can't say that's the fault of the product but if your cat is interested in air prey (or just too manipulative to play by herself without requiring your input) this won't work for you
I've been cut/pinched skin several times as I don't have the finger strength to push the wire in enough to get the bottle out. While I like the concept it's too painful for me to use.
Multiple parts were broken when the box was opened. The 'wood' material is almost as soft as styrofoam. My rabbit will be able to chew it apart in no time. This is the kind of wood they use for small children in Taekwondo to break in half. Not what you would want a rabbit hutch made out of :(
worked well, for about 3 months until stitching in chest tore on both sides.
Might remove hair from a cat, but not from a short hair dog! EDIT: After leaving a review, I was contacted by the company who sells this item. I was offered a full refund for the item without having to return the item. Although it didn't work for my circumstance, it does appear to be a well made product and I like that a company will stand by their product.
May be great for larger breeds. But not suited for my 8 lb Maltese Not as easy to break up
Worked for what it was needed for. Took almost 4 weeks to arrive.
It was poorly made, the door wouldn't even open.
ANYONE GIVING THIS A GOOD RATING is not concerned about climate control. There are gaps everywhere and to top it off it is a simple plastic mold DEFINITELY NOT WORTH THE PRICE TAG. BUYER BEWARE!!!! CHEAPLY MADE AND EXPENSIVELY SOLD. The item is perfect for an out-building if it had a fifteen dollar price but DO NOT BUY FOR INSTALLATION ON YOUR HOME!
Though I have no proof I believe that this litter gave my rats both mites and a respiratory infection (and I am just using it in the litter box, not around the whole cage). It is not as dust free as they lead to believe. I am now switching to unscented Yesterdays News for cats, hoping this litter will be better!
A high percentage of these bags (like half) aren't sealed. Meaning, your hand goes right through and, well, it can get gross real fast unless you've noticed the bag has a blow out.
Runs very small. Order a bigger than you need size.
My dog has a similar hard rubber horse show toy he's had for over a year, it's his favorite, he always chews on it and he's barely made a mark on it. I don't know what brand it it though. These are the only ones that came up in a search so I decided to try it. I got 2, he completely destroyed them in a day. Now, he's a maniac, destroys all toys except the one older horse shoe toy he has. So if you're dog isn't a lunatic when it comes to chewing these will be fine.
It looks like the picture. Its just not a lED light or a heat light.
Well... It works. But I'm only giving this 2 stars because I've barely had it long enough to use it and the finish is coming off bad!
I bought SEVERAL bags and I never noticed not one positive change in my German shepherd using it for months.. Not worth it
Got the large, brown for the back of my car, and it is close to the same flat size as when I opened it - about 2.5 inches. Very disappointed; glad I only paid $25 because now I have to get another bed to put on top of it.
I received this product today in the mail. Very timely delivery. However the expiration says 06 of 2018 and then they put a sticker on top of that saying expires five years from manufacture date. I find this very deceiving. I would like a product that does not expire last year
My dog, a staffordshire terrier that weighs about 55 lbs chewed this up the first day.
Was way way WAY to small for our Brittany Spaniel (we got a medium). Thankfully, we were able to return.
They aren't very sharp at all, plus they are very loose. One pair didn't work at all when it arrived I didn't want to hassle with send them back so I kept them.
Worked great! For 3 weeks. I changed the batteries, and it stopped working. I get get it to beep, but not the dog. I have tried repositioning it multiple times, yet it lets him bark and bark.
The biscuits are not small. I have a small dog and he cannot get his mouth around the biscuit. I had to ask for a refund.
Usually good service and product but last order 4 of 6 packages we're defected.
Powder form. I thought it was tablets my mistake. I don't like powder ....my dogs can taste it in their food. They don't like the change of the flavor of their food. I believe it is a decent product just my dogs are little bit overly picky.
My puppy did not play with it
This worked on my dog's dry crusty nose but it was like the smallest little container ever!!!! Very little product. And the container itself was hard for me to open. I ended up not closing it completely and just setting the lid on the tin and not snapping it shut. I will not buy again. Although it works, it is over priced. There are more reasonable options out there.
Is not near as fluffy/dense as the picture appears to indicate. My dog does not like it at all, but will sleep on it if we put an extra cushy old comforter over it to add more padding.
Got large but is a little tight on my Lab mix
While they may be effective if your cat will eat it, mine turned up her nose to these hairball treats.
It works. It's fine. I don't like it. Compared to their own 1 inch airstones, I think this product is lacking. I would recommend their 1 in.
This is a perfectly fine product, but my cat won't use it because it slides around too much. The angle makes it easy to push around and I think that bugs him. Yes, I push it up against the wall but he's not really liking it, unfortunately.
I did not like them because they smell even when I washed them and also they broke so basically it was a waste of my money
the wood is good, but its very small for its price...
My cat has very little interest in this. My mistake, I thought it was woolly but it is flattened down fur.
Received the product with a large tear in the bag and much of the treats inside had fallen out into the amazon packaging. I can not be sure of when this happened or what could have gotten into the bag so I won't be using any of this to feed my fur babies
Better off just letting my dog drink from bottle. The so called bowl is too flimsy for my lab. Her tongue bends it while attempting to drink from it. I think this is better for a small dog. I wish it was hard plastic....great idea!
I like the length of the leash. However, the button to release the leash gets stuck three to four times a DAY. I have arthritis in my left thumb and it makes it very hard to use. I do like the light feature.
Bad ordeal with shipping on the item.
Not satisfied with these. They're super difficult to get one, and super difficult to take off!! I used pan liners so everytime I have to change those id have to go through the process of getting these off and on! The only use they have for me is blocking off underneath the cage so my two ferrets don't stash everything under there. Poop still fell out of the cage and got on the walls as well so overall these are useless.
These scoops are strong, but the handles have started rusting. Will not purchase again.
The filter mechanism works fine but the air pump is loud and starts to loose pumping power after about a month. We've gone through 3 of these and will not buy anymore.
Stinks up apt with a musty odor. Even a fresh box. Clumps okay. No tracking past the litter box which was good. Very fine dust however. You can taste it in the air throughout the apartment at times.
I used this since Amazon was out of stock of the smaller sand, didn't seem too bad at first. But it definitely clogged my toilet unlike the fine one, even after letting it soak for awhile. Had to buy a plunger and everything. Still have a bag left for emergencies but will stick with my original pick since I've never had a problem with that one, even after immediately flushing.
Fast shipping . I was hoping to get a brown , I got a pink 1 for my male chinchilla 🙄 it is pretty sturdy, For the price its better than what I expected.. You do not get straps to carry over your shoulder. It is really dark inside , great for nocturnal Babies .. I wouldn't recommend for rabbits or ferrets because of its size . Perfect for rats , hamsters ,chins ect. It fit my 2year girl chin and her baby . That was the absolute maximum I would put in there
Bought this in May 2017 and initially it did work fine for cat urine spots (sick cat). After a few months it would not work unless I shook it. Replaced batteries, no change. Now I have to buy a new one. Not interested in this manufacturer.
Disappointed in the strong odor when package was opened since I selected this product based on description of being ordor free. Also disappointing the bag didn't actually contain 25 sticks.
Their very small. Thought they'd be much bigger.
I thought this product was super cute, and did look cute. But the dog I gifted it to couldn't walk in it. The expandable material at the legs/chest seemed super uncomfortable and awkward for the pup, which was begging for it to be taken off. I plan to cut it up to make a handkerchief or shirt. Who knows.
It works but, full of moisture. I doubt itll work for long. Keep your heaters submerged in moving water to properly heat a tank
Not as powerful as the regular pills. JUST NOT
This item is not for me: it tangles my dog hair and leave it dry : the cloths are very soapy which is good but the dog definitely needs a bath and to be rinsed
Disappointing. Very thin even when you fluff it up. My dog destroyed it within a second because she thought it was a toy.
these beds size L ( I bought 2) are so light and they scatter all over my wood floors. Not much too them- the fabric on them is very thin,and the padding thin. But I guess you get what you pay for. Just waiting to get that first tear in the bottom pad.
Some of the batteries were dead. I only discovered this after my dog got loose, because her collar wasn't working. I actually bought the multi pack so that it would last a long time. I would not advise doing that
Too small for our average sized rabbit.
My cats wont touch it... Might not be the product, might just be the cats (2)
My 11 pound cat who has never worn a cone before got this off in literally 5 seconds. He just reached his paw up and took it off. The Velcro is not sufficient. It's also really small. Would not have been comfortable for him. Would work for a 5 lb Chihuahua or a smaller cat.
Nicole, our tuxedo guinea pig, ate this home. It was cute and soft, but difficult to clean.
Wouldn't stay on my chihuahua it did look cute but she felt punished in it
We have these in the house but I'm afraid to feed them too my dog because it says it's permanent or doesn't dissolve... made a mistake getting them and might get to sending them back
Lasted maybe 10 minutes before it was shredded in pieces. Too soft of a rubber to be this type of chew toy, especially when it advertises durability.
waste...sticks were too small ...dogs wont eat them...too expensive
Heavy chewer - broke end of bone off first day. Would not recommend.
The leaves are bigger than I thought they'd be. They act more like shading leaves than hammocks. They have a curve to them that makes them drop rather than float horizontal. Still, all my fish like to hang out beneath it. I'm waiting on a lily pad to place in between them. I'm hoping they blend well together.
The leather is not a good quality and when I walk my dog it rubs and burns on my wrist. I would not recomend.
I put this harness on my cocker spaniel late one afternoon. It could not have fit better right out of the box. However, by the very next afternoon, I looked down and noticed the chest strap dragging on the floor. Evidently, it was easy enough for her to chew through. Not sturdy at all.
Most of these toys were torn apart by my 10 month old puppy in a matter of minutes. The plastic pieces broke very easy and the frisbee was ripped to shreds in a matter of minutes.
Niether of my cats care for this vitamin..I even tried mixing with cat treats. My girl will eat the mixture, however my boy will eat all the treats and leave the vitamin in his bowl.
The sizes are a little off- the small one is too small for my baby beardie but the medium is too big so I sat there for an hour and half trying so hard to make either work for my lizard, but they don't. My lizard doesn't even like the idea of a leash, and not how this one was set up either.
The product came on time, but came without the mounting part.Then, when I placed it in the tank all it did was stir up all of the dust in my tank and no air bubbles like it was supposed to. I think someone can get the same product with a reasonable price but with better quality with another company.
My dog chewed the bars apart and bent others. He escaped in less than 45 minutes.
Too big for what I needed I for.
Low price. But need to improve slave function.
I have an almost 2 year old standard poodle who looooooves the garden hose. We just moved to AZ ask I figured that this would be perfect for him. We followed the directions to set it up and introduced it to him slowly but when we pressed on the lever the hole where the water coming out made a very high pitch sound as the water came out that scared my dog. He won't go near it now and we can't return because we recycled the box. Good idea but I think poorly made
Bowls are not as large as what was pictured. :[
My 2 cats did not like it.
Very small set of bowls!
My dog loved this but chewed up the cloth rope in less than a day. She's only a little cocker spaniel so I don't feel like this would hold up well with bigger, stronger dogs.
Product is amazing it worked as described. **UPDATE*** Product stopped working after 2 months. Look for another product! the only way to talk to the Patpet people is through email and there in China! Good luck getting a hold of someone!
People are right looks good until the it floats to the top, and 11.8 inch is just over 10 inches
My cat used to love this line, now refused to eat this.
I wanted to like this, but it doesn't do the job. We have a large, young lab/hound mutt so we have to find a LOT of things to keep him occupied that he can't destroy quickly. As soon as I opened it and saw how soft and pliable the ball is, I knew we were in trouble. Yes, the kibble fits in easily and gets hidden in the inside crevices, but after he rolled it a few times, he started chewing on it and tore off a piece. I knew I'd have to monitor his playtime, but I didn't expect it to be such a short time. I had to pick it up and shake out the food so he could get it that way. Now it's in the closet.
Worked the first time I used it. Then my dog - a miniature schnauzer - stopped caring. I could hold that button down all day and he'd keep barking like a loony. Don't know if the product is defective or my dog is just that commited. Either way, this is not effective for me.
I used this to spray down my artificial grass potty pads I keep on my balcony. Way too much just shot out of the hose quickly, and almost an entire bottle went pretty much to waste. Even with the artificial grass being overly soaked in this product, I was disappointed to discover it still smelled strongly of urine.
While one could argue these do not need to be designed for biting / chewing and discounting that, this is a good double leash coupler. That said, my 1yo Lab puppy destroyed this in a few week's time.
I didn't like how it was not pre set. The flaw in the design is there are two nuts where the hose connects and when you tighten it loosen one the other gets undone. Also, Don't use indoors it leaks.
don't waste your money on this. my tortoise could not care less about this awkward heavy obstruction to his habitat. just get calcium powder and call it a day.
This mat didn't work any better than the bath mat I had been using. Kitty litter still making its way around the house. Will not purchase again.
This is not a good quality stroller. The zipper on the front was broken when I received it. I had to put super glue on it to keep it closed. Not pet proof. My little 1 lb Chihuahua has easily chewed this. Very disappointed
Cat had no interest. Not fault of the product.
The rubber on the side of the balls came apart and it was really hard to twist the two halves together.
When you receive it it shows nothing about being a dog frisbee on the package, more like a kids frisbee. The dog loves her silicone frisbee I had laying around so I decided to buy this pack. She refuses to touch any of these, waste of money. I'm only giving it two stars because yes it's a frisbee but not a dog frisbee, one that the dog doesn't even like.
The first time I bought it 4 yrs ago it was great. Over time the battery didn't stay charged. That was expected. We liked it so much we bought it again.. second one the battery maybe lasts a day. Not as good as the first purchase.
This dog bed is not helpful for dogs with arthritis of joint problems because it is over-firm. I had to cover it with a softer dog bed. Do not buy it if you have a dog who needs a soft memory foam bed.
After prying (and I mean prying to point of bending steel) the two bowls apart, we found that the clamp doesn't really snug up against most standard cage wire very well. You'll need to add some washers or rubber to keep the bowls from tipping sideways :(
Really cute collar, however the now is tiny and fell off after two days of wearing it. The bow would look ring on a kitten and is non existent on an adult cat. Don't waste your money
i hope you can fine out why it did not come and make it right thank you
I was in the market for a new fish food and API has so many good products out there. Unfortunately I was very unhappy with this product and so were my fish! (Who by the way, are absolute pigs and will eat anything I give them). The food seemed to be broken down to almost dusty bits and would eventually just make a mess in my tank. I gave up and went back to my old flake food.
my fish liked to eat them, but i think i put too much in the first time and it got really cloudy and i had to clean it. i think ill stick with the flakes.
The positive is the boot stays on even when my dog is running and playing. The negative is after three wears they are fraying. They also fill with snow at the top causing snow to pack at the top of the boot. I am going to return them when my replacement comes. I am very disappointed in the quality of this product. I gave two stars because the product stays on my dogs feet. She is a 60# lab mix.
The potency of this product was very weak. I was disappointed. It did not do well killing off fleas on my small dog nor did it do well preventing more fleas from biting her. I had to switch to a different flea prevention product.
So tiny, tiny, tiny!!!! This is not for cats, this is for little kittens.... Its well made.... so it will be good for training little kittens, that's why two stars. I don't think it's big enough for 6 months olds.
Screen not working on hand held. No return calls after two days
poor quality for price - cancelled subscription for that reason
It is dust free however the litter does not absorb the urine and dry. The litter ends up smelling. Not a great product.
I love the price so much I want to buy a couple. I got my first one and two issues, the first is the cords on these are very short which I wasn't expecting. The second is I cannot change the temperature. I am not sure if it is broken or just doesn't have a huge temperature difference.
Pitt/boxer shredded to pea size bits in a few weeks.... 2nd longest lasting toy found yet though lol
After reading other reviews and the companies own hype, it sounded like this was the best squeaky dog ball available. The squeak lasted two days. Very disappointed, definitely NOT the best, and considering the price, not worth it. Better off buying cheaper tennis balls.
The blunt tip trimming scissors are great, but the thinning sheers don't work at all. I mean, they don't cut a single hair. Very disappointed.
It says extra large but when it came it was more the size of a small.
Just got these and in the packet the little balls were brown. I rinsed with tap water and then soaked them in bottled drinking water... when I squeezed gently to let air out, tiny white color "spores" came out. And there are more coming out still. I will leave these in a separate container for a few days and see what happens. But I don't think these can go in my tank. They look more like hairy mud balls than the marimo moss I've seen.
I feel like it worked for a few days and then it wouldn't help at all. For the price I would of expected it to work a big better.
Over priced and not that great
The string tail gets twisted up and my cats showed little interest.
I am a dog trainer and wanted to use this for my barky dog customers. Tried it on a number of them and it didnt deter the barking.
I have ordered this product 4 times now and the last two times the spout was broken so I couldn't use the pump. I was able to use the pump off a bottle that I already had. It is a good product that helps my dogs. It shipped very quickly.
Danger! The wires poke through the ends and can catch your ferrets face and paws quit easily after a couple of uses...there are better options at the hardware store.
The lamp worked great but only for 4 weeks! Very disappointing to see it burn out so quickly. Way too expensive to replace each month.
Did not work for my animals
The product looks as advertised but was delivered with the rubber coating already broken on the bowl. I'd expect Platinum Pets to not ship faulty products. I also would expect Platinum Pets to remedy this situation by sending me replacement rubber loops for the bowls, but that may be wishful thinking. Overall the product is as advertised, but I'm disappointed at unboxing a product that had to have had these issues before boxing even took place.
This is too bulky around the neck for a puppy. We have a Great Dane puppy and it's still too bulky for him too. Was hoping to use this until he had grown a bit more so I didnt have to buy 12 different collars as he gets bigger and bigger. But the thickness of the leash makes it very uncomfortable around his neck. We ended up buying a traditional collar and leash.
My cat starved herself for days out of protest. She wouldn't touch it.
Not made with the same material as classic kong. My lab puppy chewed off the top part of the grove in one play session. Apart from that toy works to keep him occupied.
The hammock was way larger in scale to the rock stand, and did not fit in the tank well.
I was so excited about this car tree and up until the end it was very easy to put together. The second to the last part of the tower to be attached had the wrong sized hole drilled into it so the screws it came with do not fit. Will have to glue it or have a screw made. Not sure this tree will make it with out large cats. Disappointed to say the least.
I'm sorry I cant to no fault of your own I never received it I had to contact Amazon I will reorder as soon as I'm reimbursed
I've used these harnesses for a few dogs and this most recent one I purchased was more flimsy then the others I've had in the past. Right now it's less then 2 months old and it's fraying at every single seam. My dog is only 35 lbs, yes she pulls, that's why I got the harness and she certainly pulls FAR less with this harness but it should not fall apart after 2 months.
Not very healthy crickets at all. A good chunk died before they got here and the rest only made it a couple days.
Were nice at first but the Velcro losing its hold quickly
Used one time, went to use again and the locking mechanism is broken so I can't open them anymore.
I have purchased two of these hoods and both have broken off the hinges if the hood is opened all the way and the slightest pressure is applied. They both broke while I was attempting to clean the aquarium. Please, make hinges stronger.
Size seems to run small, I ordered a Medium for my 10 lb pomeranian hoping it wouldn't be too big. It is a little too snug. I would return but threw away the packaging. Otherwise a nice looking harness.
Down sides: couldn't be ordered by itself and even with treats puppy wouldn't play with it. Not for us. I thought the rubbery texture would be perfect t as its not too hard and perfect chewy plastic without breakage.
I got this product for my 7 month old kitten. I put a variety of different treats in and he has never even touched it!
they r not strong enough with plastic tips on it does not do anything for my huskies
Not the same horn in the picture definitely much smaller...disappointed. I have a Great Dane now I'm worried it's too small. No measurements listed.
I been feeding this to my 2 lil seniors for the last yr...Expensive but they like it and are eating it without problems and are doing well on it.. i am NOT happy with this last case of food as all the cans are not filled full to top like they have been.As you can see in my pic of just opened can of food, there is about 3/4 to 1/2 inch of food missing ..Amd when i weighed the entire contents on my baby scale it only weighed 12oz NOT the 12.5 oz like stated on can...this food is as expensive as it is but when you add up the missing 1/2 oz from each of the 12 cans that is a 1/2 can of food missing out of my case of 12 cans..I AM NOT HAPPY...I do not know if Nutro Didnt think i would notice, but I DID.
Were not "low odor" bully sticks compared to other brands I've tried marketed as "low odor". Also, product packaging did not include anything about where product was sourced or how it was made. Perhaps less expensive than other brands, but I won't be buying this brand again. My dog, of course, didn't care about the stink, so he might give it a higher rating.
The odor was overbearing when this was used. The dogs didn't like it, and the whole house smelled like it since they rubbed and rolled all over the carpet to get it off. I don't know if it was effective in repelling bugs because of the fact that I never put it on them again. However, you are supposed to retreat about every 3 days which is a lot to me.
Our rescue kitten has an oozing eye and sneezing common with that horrific feline virus so many feral cats have. I had hoped this would make a noticeable difference but even at double dose it doesn't seem to do much. Going to see if I can find a stronger dose.
Way smaller then it says
it was very small for our Maine coon cat.
Paid for 5. Received 4. Seriously? You had one job.
Well first there was a mistake on the phone number but they quickly sent me a new one. But then the glitter fell off so I glued it back on but it fell off again. Then the other day the whole thing broke off the tag and it's no longer usable. Which isn't good if the dog got lost. Price wise it's not a big deal but the time it's gonna take me to order another one is a hassle.
These are good but these are not meant for large dogs. They're meant more for small dogs or maybe even a little bit bigger than small because there's not a lot of food in these packs, at least not enough for a large dog like it states on the box.
None of our 3 cats showed any interest in this so it was a waste of money.
MY MOM BOUGHT THIS BED FOR MY MINI DASHOUND WHO IS 6LBS . SHE CHEWED THROUGH THE CORD IN ONE DAY.
i got a heat gun and it tells the temp o much better for my snake plus it unstuck to the side of the cage and fell off and if u have a reptile they can get stuck on the sticky stuff on it and u wil have to pay a big bill at the vet,
Too small for my liking. No top entry. I sprung for a plusher model.
Works only dogs with long nose / muzzle. It keeps coming off of my dog's nose area as he pushes it forward very easily.
This ended up being too small on my dog and the material isn't that great. I don't think it's worth the cost.
I purchased two of these - each pump was connected to two air stones. Initially, everything worked well (yes, the pumps were loud but I didn't expect them to be silent), all four air stones were creating a nice wall of bubbles. After a few months, one stone wasn't producing any bubbles. Air was blowing out of both outputs in the filter, but apparently not enough to produce bubbles anymore. I cleaned the stone to rule out the stone itself, but once I swapped the lines on the outputs, the 'dead" stone worked fine and the one that was working now wasn't. Fast forward a few more months, the exact same thing happened to the other pump. So I have 2 air pumps now powering 2 of the original 4 air stones. Frustrating that the same thing happened to both pumps. I wouldn't buy these again...
the idea is great, it works great when it works. I have been through 4 of them in a short period of time, because the leash develops a short, and the lights stop working (too expensive to replace every month).
I broke the first so I ordered the second one. The heating element burned half immediately after I placed in the tank.
Dog toys are hard to keep intact...this is no exception. The squeaker died almost instantly by way of sharp puppy teeth. The pup created a hole pretty quickly too. Sadly we had to say goodbye to the lion.
Unable to use. Arrived broke.
Product was received with just about 2 month before expiration date. The date was clearly marked on the over wrap.When i called Amazon, they stated it was shipped from a 3rd party, not amazon direct. They gave me full credit for the product. T purchase the multi pack as it was cheaper, needless to say didn't expect the product to go out of code 2 months later. Amazon is great, 3rd party vendor not great!!!!!
Half of the crickets came in dead. I want to happy about that.
My cat loves this food but I'm embarrassed to say that I've paid a crap load of money on vet bills only to figure out it's THIS that's causing watery diarrhea for my poor male cat!! I feel like a bad cat mom not having figured it out right away 🙁 It did make him have a nice soft fur coat though. That's why I gave it 2 stars. I wish I could get a refund for the half bag I still have.
I have a large English golden retriever and even at full strength vibrate with longer probes, he barely notices the alert. It might work for smaller dogs, but not mine. Am considering returning for credit
These are a piece of crap. Half of them did not even work right out of the package. I asked for a replacement and they sent me one- of which none worked. Very disappointed.
My rabbit had a very difficult time with this
very cheap and weak leash clip. would not hold a dog over 10 lbs in a minor crash - the clip would break. Not safe for dogs over 10lbs.
I'm very disappointed with the actual size of the mat.
As mentioned by others ALOT smaller than they make it seem with the listing. This is hardly a bone cutter. More like a cuticle clipper. Works for cutting small coral and plugs but not worth the price. Wouldn't have purchased if I knew how small it is.
Super cool idea, if it only worked. Advertised to be very tough and durable, my dog destroyed it in a matter of hours. Would not recommend for people looking for a tough toy.
Find cheaper in store. Tube breaks apart while being used. Other than that, it holds.
My dogs love these! Of all the toys they have, I would say these are their favorite. In fact, the dogs liked them so much that they destroyed them by the end of the first night. I have 3 dogs, and the pack came with 3 balls. All three were torn apart within 4 hours. So unfortunately, my review is bad because it sucks to spend $20 on a toy that doesn't make it through the night.
This litter absorbs well, but that is the problem. It doesn't clump, and because it is dark, you can't tell what litter has urine on it and what doesn't. Therefore, it is useless to try and clean your litter box. So after a couple of days you have a smelly, soggy ammonia mess. I am going back to the Tidy Cat system.
My dog wouldn't eat them. They were delivered on time, but I don't know what to do with them now.
Worked for about four-five weeks. Just long enough to be outside of the return window.
Not sure why but the pee seeps under the matt
Stuffed it with peanut butter and dog food. Had a very heavy chemical smell. Dog didn't like.
Love the longer prongs but the collar does not hold a charge for more than a couple hours.
The steps were too narrow and steep for our 100 lbs dog with severe hip problems to navigate
Less noisy, quality finish, but main purpose is lost. The filter is so small and water is not purified enough.
First time to order and have been disappointed because they are splitting off where the dogs are chewing, and the ones I ve gotten before like at Petco never did that.
The crate overall is great. It works perfectly for our mini dachshund puppy. However one corner was bent upon arrival. Since we needed to use it immediately I couldn't send it back for a replacement but it was disappointing.
I purchased this seat cover just over 2 months ago. The product fit and look is great. I'm very unhappy with the quality of the seams though. We actually use this cover to protect the seats from our toddler. She has a car seat on the opposite side and we use the cover to keep the seat free of stains. Really unfortunate to see the seam tear, especially since we don't really use the side that tore, except on a rare occasion. We are outside of the return/exchange period so we can't even get another. It is my fault for not reaching out sooner. Frankly, I don't know how this holds up to animals use
These go way too fast for the cat to play with. Cat is afraid of the thing. Good idea. Poor representation of idea.
Dog can slip out of it extremely easily.
Beyond disappointed. He had this for less than 15 minutes before he started breaking it down.
If you're looking for a locking pet door that will fail in 2 months, look no further. The locking mechanism makes the noise like it's working but the "latches" do not move up to lock the door, the RFID only reads the tags something like 10-20% of the time. So my cats sit there beating on the damn flap all night until I hear them. Since it only reads sometimes, I had a raccoon follow the cats inside only to be locked IN THE HOUSE WITH THE CATS!
Rusting at weld joints in the first week.
Very disappointed by this purchase. It was not easy to install in the backseat of my SUV and mt two corgis could still jump over into the front seats. The material has a strong plastic odor and feels very flimsy. Would not recommend!
Does not track well. Sketchy.
Ball kept coming out way too easily.
It's well constructed and very durable. Unfortunately, my dachshund and mixed medium sized terrier did not like it. They love their toys but really haven't touched this product. The have a few farm animal chew toys and several plastic bones that they love.
Pretty flimsy dog bed. If my 10 pound dog even moves slightly, the bed will tip. Decent for the price I guess but not really what I was looking for.
It might be good for other dogs but not for mine
My dog wouldn't touch it even with peanut butter inside.
the reason why I chose this harness instead of other more popular brands like Puppia was because the neck and the body of the harness were supposed to be fully adjustable. however, there is a big problem that limits the adjustability. If you want to make the neck space smaller, you can only adjust it an inch or two because the thick metal component cannot pass through the small fabric loop. This is difficult to explain but can be seen in the photos attached. I wish I knew this item could be returned, unfortunately now my return window has passed.
Not acceptable for housing.
After just a 3 months the zipper broke
The set I got was a 3 piece set, not 5 piece like the description said
This does not seem to be helping my cat.
It is a good concept, expect it can be frustrating to get it to work correctly. I've had times that I put the top on 20 or so times and it would never seal, other times it may take a few. I bought 2 of them because I have 2 german shepherds and they drink a lot of water. I fill these twice a day so when it doesnt seal it gets very frustrating and you just end up saying screw it and it basically turns into a $50.00 standard dog bowl that you can get for a few bucks at a pet store.
This is stiff like cardboard. I don't know how I will be able to put it in the washer.
Good product. Amazon deliver is absolute garbage! Just find the product page and order from them. I've since cancelled my prime membership for its shitty quality.
One of the buckles broke when unhooking it and it has only been lightly used. It is a bit cumbersome to use the backseat for human passengers to access seatbelts and makes the middle seatbelt unusable. So while it protects my upholstery it would be best if it could be just kept in-place.
The package might come damaged. I have received torn one and the sand was everywhere in the Amazon box.
Does not work with cat crystal litter as discussed in reviews. I use smallest diameter of crystal for elderly cats. Holes are too small
Broke after a few weeks. Ruff dog play. I changed over to my purple one and it lasted longer. Don't know why the blue ones are weak.
I'm done. It was initially competitively priced but they keep increasing the price and while it's convenient, I'll drive the 10 minutes to the local Mom and Pop store to buy mine.
It doesn't absorbs as how they say.
sorry to say this "indestructible" toy did not pass my german shepard's test. within a few seconds of getting it from the box to her she had destroyed the "squeaker" and within the hour she managed to rip one of the nostrils off. i was truely hopeing it would of lasted a bit longer
A great concept and the dog loved it. Wished it was better made. Started to fall apart too quickly. Got a free replacement from Amazon. Same thing happened. Rubber does not last.
It's not intuitive in how it locks and releases. Also, we brought the leash to the beach and with just a bit of sand that got in, it broke.
The reason I purchased this cube is because I thought that it would be easy to collapse when not in use. I followed the instructions to collapse the toy, but the wires ended up bending and poking through their casing, which makes it impossible to collapse and now there are very sharp wires pointing out. I put some tape over the frame so the wires won't scratch you, but because the frame shifted, it doesn't stand up properly anymore. I will probably end up throwing it away. It was a fun toy for my cat before it broke - just don't try to collapse it.
Several of the dogs enjoy it but one of them is afraid because it is a bit noisy.
The neck hole on this is huge so it always slides off my dog's shoulders. And it's very small. Whatever size you think you need I would go up a size. I'm very disappointed. I have a puppy that I thought would be able to wear this for a few weeks and he'll be lucky to make it a week in this small thing.
Worked great, until it broke after only using it for 3 weeks. It's unfortunate that the quality is garbage.
mine was dead on arrival
I received the collar today but I came with no instructions manual. I looked online with no success, is there any information about the remote and different adjustments? I'm not comfortable using the product with a manual.
As a few other buyers mentioned, these are very dry and crumbly. The dogs like the taste, but this isn't my idea of salmon jerky. Part of the problem was that they were shipped in a padded envelope rather than boxed, and looked rather as if someone had stepped or sat on the package. Disappointing, and I will not be ordering these again.
My cat won't go near this because of how loud it is. We had one that was silent but only did the same rotation. This is nice that it's a more irregular pattern, but it's too noisy. Some other cats may not mind it but mine does.
The one that arrived is called Ruff boyz but this is the one showing in my orders. Can't figure out how to charge it. Do we need to buy a cord separately? Cannot figure out how to make it work
Didn't realize how small the little canister is. Just started using not sure if it works will update in a week! 1oz
Smaller than I thought it would be. My 10 pound cat didn't fit in it and didn't like it.
Despite the rave reviews, I'm not impressed with this. I switched to this from using SeaChem Flourish... and shortly after my beautiful Anubias' began struggling. Of all the plants, these bastards should be the last to show stress. Alas, I'll be switching back to Flourish. Only pro, is how easy it is to dose.
A nightmare to clean, not durable.. but it looks fun for the animal.
Not a good choice for my Cockatoo. Not enough wood to be destroyed.
Lasted 9 weeks before the belt clip fell off which is how I prefer to attach it. Otherwise was great while it lasted.
dogs not really paying attention to it.
The ring at the top is not woven in. Thus the “loop” keeps going around inside the ring and does not give stability for standing for a baby double-yellow headed Amazon.
Although these are cute dog toys, they are small and lasted about 2 minutes before my dog had them ripped open. They might be great for small dogs but are useless for a 30 pound dog. Very easily ripped at the seams especially where the tabs are sewn on. I am giving these 2 stars because they are not expensive and could be great for a much smaller dog.
I have a dog that loves to chew and I have to be selective on the toys. When I got this item, it felt like it was going to be great. However, last less than 10 minutes before my dog started tearing off peices of the tire
Was torn apart in two days. Not recommended for strong chewers.
Tore apart easily . Cheaply made
My dog never stops pulling and still chokes.
Really did like this. Worked well to keep my dog from chewing on a cut. Unfortunately after only 4/5 days of use the zipper broke. We live in the country so I'm afraid the inflatable tube will be popped now that it's exposed. Sending it back for a refund.
Not good quality. Doesnt work well. Was replacing the as seen on TV version that I lost.
Not exactly sure if they work, but my pup sure loves the way they taste. So not a total waste of money!
We have used Frontline for years for flea and tick prevention. However, this summer it has not worked on fleas. I have made 2 applications, followed instructions, and our cats still have fleas. Not sure if their formula has changed or if it's the weather, but I have purchased a different brand of drops formulated only for fleas. We'll see if we have better luck with that.
It's pretty narrow, good for cherry shrimps I guess. An Amano shrimp would not fit.
Very big even for a small dog (mine weighs four pounds). Reminds me more of an insulated food cooler rather than a dog carrier. Latch to use on dogs collar is extremely hard to use.
did not fit fell off the dog , size as stated does not fit would not recommened
This cat tree has fake fur, rather than carpeting, and therefore makes the cat sick. Learned never to buy cat trees covered in fake fur. The cats foam at the mouth and throw up when they claw or chew the fur. Who knew? and why is this product allowed to be sold?
This product worked great for about 3 weeks. Unfortunately, the collar suddenly would no longer pair with the watch and the watch would not charge.
The small clipper quit working after 1 use. I replaced the batteries, I cleaned the blades- nothing.....would love a new one but way past return time.
I bought the largest size available for my 70 lb mastiff/shar pei mix. It seems like an okay crate, but my dog is able to escape it from the top door within minutes. I'm going to attempt using a bike lock or something to prevent future escapes, but I have come home several times after very short outings (think running to the store half a block away, takes five minutes) to find my sweet boy waiting at the door instead of in his crate. He's not even particularly clever, which made us so surprised at his escapes. And yes, we make sure everything is properly latched before leaving.
Unfortunately neither of my cats like this food. Honestly, it smells like dirty gym socks and gets worse the longer it's exposed to air. Maybe I got a bad batch? We won't buy it again.
My dog chewed the edges off in less than five minutes. It was very flimsy and didn't fly well.
My cats were uninterested.
Dogs (boxers) loved it, unfortunately they chewed little shards off and have been hacking since I gave it to them. Returning :(
I received this in the mail about 2 hours ago and my dog has already finished the largest stick quite easily. It takes her longer to go through raw-hide bones for a quarter of the price! Disappointed since I had heard these would last so long. Will not be purchasing again
Does not stay assembled. Will need some sort of glue to keep it assembled
Product is fine, but clearly this package was opened with items removed and taken apart. I ordered a brand new item.
Doesn't work like I hoped it would!
Not very good for dogs with small to medium sized mouths narrow mouths . Found it pretty much impossibly to get the behind the back teeth . Probably good for large dogs though .
You get what you pay for. This may be great for kittens, but my Maine coon jumps on it and I fear for his life. It is not sturdy at all.
I like this product because of what it does (brush my dogs teeth) what I don't like is that (see pic) it only lasted a week
The neck hole is not adjustable.
Great price, but will probably have to buy another. This font is NOT as pictured and the engraving is super shallow and hard to read. It will serve its purpose for the interim, but it's far from ideal in terms of typography and legibility.
The nose piece was chewed off in 5 min. Large and small. NOT FOR BIG DOGS.
Not a terrible fountain but definitely my least favorite. It was quite loud even while completely full. And the filtration doesn't seem to do a lot. My cat loved it but with the filtration not being as good as it could have been, she went back to licking the bathroom sink after we use it. Catit has better fountain options. The biggest plus on this one was my cat couldn't knock it over.
Didn't help my dog's skin and coat situation after one year's use. Suspect brewer's yeast made the situation worse.
These were a hard sell with the pooch. Not a fan, unfortunately.
The first one arrived & wouldn't light up. Amazon replaced it & the second only lights up red, no blue, yellow or green. They shipped both in an envelope, not a box, so I don't know if the pounding it no doubt experienced in shipping took a toll on batteries. No way to change batteries so I'll never know if the batteries died or it was just faulty to begin with. The ball itself seems to be well made & the dog seems to enjoy it.
It's less effective than a regular harness.
dog has problems footing on the soft wobbly stairs. They're now tied to the bed with a bungee cord and a blanket in the crack because its not steady
I'm afraid this item really doesn't live up to its promises. It's awkward to use because it really only works in one direction. Also I've been unsuccessful in using this to comb through my cats' matted hair. Waste of money.
This product broke after only 3 months of use. I use this to filter water in my lizards cage and only use it for 12 hours a day. Of course the return window has expired so I can't exchange
Looks nice but not easy to clean if there is an “accident”
The product is a nice idea but the problem is the adjusting straps won't hold a setting; they always loosen up to the maximum size immediately which makes them loose on the dog.. Our dogs can actually step out of them so that only one leg is in the harness and the other out.
The pads rarely absorb. Just leave big wet spots where the pad was. They slide all over the floor as the puppy moves around the room.
Constantly changes the settings by itself. Does not turn off properly. Customer service was great on issuing a refund.
My 30lb dog broke this in a few weeks.
Be careful. The rake get very full of grass and it you are not careful you will rip up your lawn.
little wimpy for us.. does not fit standard bikes at all. line still get messy..
I got this collar I could not get the perimeter set so it would go off when the dog wasn't even close to what we had set for or it wouldn't go off at all. And this collar should be taken off the market because if you have a power stoppage the collar goes shocking the poor dog until you get power to the transmitter not at all happy with this product do not buy this model.
The results were meh, it's cheap but not really cost effective long term.
Pulls too much. Doesn't cut through the hair mat like I was hoping it would. My dog was not happy because it hurt too much, so this was not useful for my grooming needs. Not worth returning with the shipping charges, but I wouldn't recommend it.
I'm not really sure how to rate this. I read the reviews thinking it would be okay and it's not horrible but with my product nothing fits correctly. Everything is super bent so it doesn't match up. Also I'm missing the clamps for the two sides so hopefully I can contact the sender. But mine has major gaps between the edges and it doesn't fit into the bottom tray correctly. The size is good so that's where the 2 stars come from. Update: after having this cage for 2 months, I tossed it. Every time I went to clean it it basically collapsed. This cage just didn't work for me
Extremely thin diameter should be taken into consideration when comparing to other products and the price paid.
Good concept but cannot get the jug to seat properly for the valve to function. I'm afraid to rely on it for a trip longer than two days. Do not recommend.
Came quickly, but, light doesn't work, EVEN after taking out tab. Difficult to try replacing the three small flat batteries which came with it. May have to return,...
I have a 8 month old chocolate lab. He's big and has gotten very strong recently. He wants to meet every person and animal we see along the trail. Unfortunately, not everyone wants to see him, so I need to be able to hold him closer to me. If you wrap this leash around your hand to hold him closer, you're not going to have a very good time. The material is very abrasive against the skin unless you're holding it by the loop on the end. I hate people that just let their dogs do whatever and allow themselves to be led around by the end loop. Only recommend this leash if your dog is well trained and not excitable when it comes to trail encounters.
I did not realize these would be so hard when I purchased them.
My cleaner shrimp was sucked into the fans. Needs a filter or something to prevent this.
This product is suppose to be great for cats. I did my research on the varieties of cat nip. I have 3 cats. Non of them had any interest or reaction to it. I have purchased dried cat nip before. Walmarts is better than this. I will not buy it again. I think it must be old. Disappointed 😢
This product does not work! I only bought it because it was recommended by a friend. The scratching subsided at first. Then I added flea drops. That finally helped. No more fleas. After a month, the scratching is back. Very disappointed that I paid $50 and it's a waste of money.
The Chuckit flys great. I did not let my dog chew on it or run around with it but still fell apart in two weeks.
They're nice but they only last a couple days it's not worth the money
I purchased this for my sulcata hatchling but he did not seem interested. Stick to leafy greens and a varied diet.
We've purchased these in the past and found the quality and durability to be A+. However, when we recently re-ordered we noticed that the quality is completely different. Seems like the manufacturer is now using less plastic than before, causing these bags to emit odors and cause leaks after using them. What happened!?
Whoa...didn't last a week with our toy fox terrier pup. I mean seriously...it can't stand up to a 6 pound puppy for more than a week.
My pitbull has a sensitive stomach and this did not agree with him. Just the soft chews though. He can tolerate the hard tablets better
This has a center in it. Not a lot of room, not what I was expecting but I needed it
Rosie cockatoo destroyed in 4 days. Guess she had fun. May I recommend a 2x4.
After the first washing, the stitching started to release, which means that after this liner gets washed a few more times it will most likely just fall apart.
My dog had a hole in this within a half hour
It's super cut but a bad fit. Got the Xsmall. However, it's adjustable around the girth but no adjustment for the neck.
Does not fit well on 2009 Dodge Ram 1500 pickup. Seat Belt holes do not light up. Also holds all the dog hair. My be good for some vehicles, but not mine.
This is a great idea, however the water will leak/spill out of the bowl and get underneath the bowl through the part where you can easily get the bowls out. So you'll constantly have to clean it out. You also have to remove the water every time you open the lid to feed your dog. That can get annoying. I'd rather just get one that didn't store food and get a tote for the food to keep nearby, or even elsewhere like in a closet. This feeder just seems to cause more unnecessary tedious steps.
These was advertised as soft.. It was very hard and extremely uncomfortable for my pet. Returned it.
Could not get him to eat it, so it did not work for us.
They enjoyed it, but it broke apart way to fast
I ordered 2. One worked for about one month if that. The other didn't work at arrival. Spoke with Amazon was promised that they would credit it back and that they would replace it. Neither ever happened . 2 stars was being nice. The one that worked about a month was nice while it lasted.
My dog eats everything but she will not eat these. She kept spitting it out then she puts it back in her mouth and spits it out again lol
This might be okay for dogs under 40-50 pounds. Didn't work for our puppy who is now 70
Received order fairly quick and they are better quality than expected! My dog & cats love them. Bigger than expected but in a good way, I like the AA aspect. Hoping they last! UPDATE: I use these for about 10-15 min each day and they SUCK the battery life right out of the batteries. I have to change the battery every couple days. That's a AA battery. smh. Not right. I don't get it.. Sad, waste of money.
I used this product about a week on my dog and it didn't seem to help at all.
Too thick around her neck like she had one of those neck braces 😬 on.
It does not all through the belt
Sadly this item started fraying after the very first use. I would have hoped this would last longer than a few short walks. I am disappointed.
Worked fine for a month and a half but no longer records activity even after a new battery. Apparently I can't return after 1.5 months either,
i ended up not using these because they are just too bright and looked garish in my windows.
I loved this stuff at first but unfortunately I can't have it in my boas enclosure without it molding horribly within a couple days. I keep following the exact instructions on the bag but nothing's working. I really wish I could say something good because this did seem like quality moss. Unfortunately I've only been able to get a little over a weeks worth of using it due to having to completely replace it over and over hoping it would work. I'm very disappointed.
Work, sometimes. Button sticks or just doesn't work most times. When it fires it works good but doesn't stay on even it button is pressed
This plant died within 2 weeks
Was really hoping this was the food toy for our dog. It was a great size, as we could fit her whole meal in it. However, there are some sharp edges on the plastic and since she uses her nose to push it around the floor, it rubbed her nose raw. We'll go back to our previous food dispensing toy.
I used these clippers to groom my toy poodle. The more I used them the hotter they became! I cleaned and oiled them properly, and still became too hot to hold. Her fur was not thick or matted ! Very disappointed with these clippers !!
The idea was good, but it didn't really work, as our sheltie could still chew on his stitches with this on.
I bought this one cause my husband got a collar like this from amazon and it worked. But then my dog jumped into a pool with it on and it broke. So I ordered this one to replace the other one. My goal was to get the same one. I saw several articles of the same product but by different people. I didn't think there was a difference. So I just clicked on a cheap one and bought it. The sensor isn't very good. Sometimes she'll bark and it'll beep, but sometimes she'll be quiet and it'll just randomly beep. The problem with that is that it's confusing her. The idea behind this product is to associate a buzz with a beep, when she barks. I also wish it came with instructions on how to set up the collar, cause I was really confused. They gave me the device, a strip and a little plastic piece and basically said good luck.
Doesn't grab as much hair from upholstery as other tools. Difficult to hold in the correct angle to use on upholstery. Totally ineffective when used on the dog.
much smaller than expected
Adorable little guy. Sad it's pealing + will come out of tank with next water change.
The puppy bit off large chunks easily
My 25 pound dog can still scoot these around and dump them. They are also very shallow and hold such a small amount of water, I had to constantly refill them. I ended up donating them all.
I'm sure this item will work for my cat, however I received the item completely opened inside the completely sealed amazon packaging.
The Clasp is poorly made it stuck so bad it was hard to open and in possible to close. After using pliers and a screwdriver with a little oil I got it to work ok. I almost returned it but it was fixed easily so I was able to cancel the return.
Looks much fresher than the stuff I buy at our local pet store, at first. But when you get closer to the center, you will find brown, rotten hay. My rabbits preferred to use it as a bathroom, rather than eat it. I asked for a full refund. Don't waste your money.
Vest is hard to the touch. Plus difficult to get the dog out of. I have a dachshund and to make it small enough to not come off, the part that goes over her head was too tight and I had to struggle to get it off her head, making her yelp. If I loosened that part, her legs would come out. Maybe it's just because dachshunds have such a funky shape but this harness didn't work for me. I had to return it.
Orthopedic mattress itself was good, but the cover is made of a very thin fabric. My dog scratched a slit in the cover on the second night and that was the end of that.
The light was great while it was working. Unfortunately it stopped turning on after just 3 months. The AC adapter gets power but the light itself longer comes on. I had it on a timer for 6 hours a day, so it should not have been too much for this light to handle. Disappointed. Waste of money.
Too small and not very well built / it took awhile to put together and I was very disappointed . The scratch post was not in a area where cat could actually use it . I will be trying to be more cautious before buying
I sprayed this on my carpet where cats are scratching and they completely don't care. It was not refill my cats
My pets don't fall for this. They'll totally eat them as treats though if no pesky medicines are hiding inside.
After 2 weeks of use , no more foam , pretty much just liquid now.
Sadly it didn't work with my puppy he still kept pulling but the product is good quality.
Doesn't really work on my dog or my couch. Might work better for fine fur, my dogs have thick fur.
This product came to me and was broken in quite a few places. Had to rig it to have it function properly.. I put it in the coop anyway, but am pretty disappointed. I would not recommend this product nor would I buy it again
My cat has zero interest
While my dog seemed to like the flavor of these, it did nothing for her breath!
Worked great at first but now it leaks like crazy!
Threw it away. Wouldnt go over dogs head. Either to big or to small no elastic to get it on
I gave this two stars because it's very well made and held up well. Unfortunately though, overtime the buckle began to rub underneath my dogs neck causing a rash and hair loss. My breed of dogs do have lots of wrinkles around their neck area so it may be because of the excess skin but I just wanted to make people aware of that. I do love this collar and think the design is great, but I will be replacing it with a collar with a different buckle.
Good size but too flimsy
While using the last of the 3 cartridges, every time I pulled down from the cartridge the bag cut by the cartridge itself. Ruined my last cartridges!!
the perforation between the bags is no good. you will waste a couple of bags just trying to pull them apart.
Man this stuff stinks. This is perhaps the smelliest kitty litter I have ever purchased. It actually makes my eyes water just to be in same room with an open box of this stuff. I am talking before a cat steps foot in it. Right out of the box, it has this terrible odor. If you can stand the smell, I guess it kinda sorta works. Most of the tidy cat varieties are pretty good. This one is not. Go for Instant Action or one of the others. If you can
Have 2 new pups and was looking to try a new spray for their accidents , was tired of smelling powder all the time from the other spray. I didn't care for this smell and also noticed it left a stain where I had sprayed it. Have Almost a full bottle left and it's been 2weeks.
The pouch is great, but it did not come with a belt. I called Amazon Customer Service, and fortunately they were able to refund me, but they can't send me the waist belt. I'll have to order a different pouch with a waist belt, or make one.
Easy to use but the range is not as advertised. Once my dog is 50 feet away the collar stops working.
Not ultra quiet and not easy to use very disappointed
The instructions say to cut them down to size. I did this but after that, they worked only intermittently and go off any time they are jarred by my dog running. I had to throw it out and it makes me mad because I needed something like this.
Installation was difficult. The tunnel that is provided is only attached on the top and bottom so the side push away on the inside and there is no way to get in there to fill in with any kind of foam wood or insulation after. I am very skeptical as to how the tunnel part will hold up and if it will slide around over time. Need more realistic instruction.
Looks nice but several major flaws, primary being that once I put cards in the magnetic closure was not strong enough to work. Another is the slots are extremely tight, so it's hard to put cards in and seemingly impossible to take them out. It also does not seem very protective. I haven't dropped my phone in it yet but I suspect my screen would shatter if I did. Also the colors are slightly different from the picture. I got the blue one and the brown accent was lighter than expected. Overall I was disappointed.
The goggles are made for large dogs. I had to return them, I bought them for my blind Boston terrier but they did not fit her tiny smooshed face. I do think they would be fine for a larger dog such like a golden retriever size.
These are the thinnest, smallest bully sticks I've ever kid eyes on. I didn't even know they could be made this small. It looks like I'm holding a pack on incense in the picture. My pup finished one in under three minutes when it usually takes him about 20 - 35 minutes to get through a normal sized bully stick. All in all, dog loved it, so I give them an extra star. If you have a very small dog like a chihuahua or even a puppy, these might work out, but this isn't a very good value for the price for anyone else.
Snake oil. After one month daily use, there is no different on my 2 cat teeth.
Our pup absolutely loves the angel, and it instantly became his favorite toy. And I absolutely love that the noise is so much less annoying then any squeaky toy he had. Unfortunately, the 2nd hedgehog we ordered doesn't grunt. I'm going to look into returning it, but seems an awful lot of work for a $10 dog toy.
The tank looks great! The double boxing and styrofoam was excellent, none of that was damaged however the tank still was. I'm thinking Carolina needs to do a thorough inspection of each tank before they are taped shut because this is not damage that could have been done after being boxed. It looks like it was hit with a blunt object. Requested a replacement, I'll update later.
No difference in my dogs anxiety, but they enjoyed the peanut butter flavor snacks. Unfortunately have to add this to the list of unhelpful calming aids for my dog.
The toy is really great except the dog and I can't stand the smell of it. There is a very strong plasticky smell to it. I put it in a baggie with baking soda thinking that would help and that didn't work. I took it outside and just hung it up to air out for a week and that didn't work. The dog doesn't like it because it smells awful and I don't blame her one bit.
Nice, small, well built but not very powerful. Dog nails easily stops the device without much pressure.
When I opened the package the smell was overwhelming! Very toxic smell that took months of hanging it outside to finally be able to use it. The leather is very stiff and the edges sharp. I would not recommend.
2 stars ⭐️ because my puppy refuses to eat these. The ingredients are excellent.
I gave 1 of the toys to my 3 mo. puppy, was destroyed in 24 hours. Toys are very nice and good price if you have a non-chewing dog.
Fits very small. Couldn't use it for any of my dogs.
I bought this hoping to get my dog to stop pulling but it doesn't stop her. Maybe works on dogs with lower pain tolerance.
returned it. Not good for rabbits
I bought this hoping it would stand up to my heavy-chewing Dutch Sheppard. This is after giving it to her for 15 minutes.
I had to return this harness. I couldn't control my dog. She kept pulling from side to side and I couldn't control her with the leash attached to her front instead of on her back.
I have two dogs and I bought this collar for my lab because he has a major barking problem.. So thinking this would help. Well if he was my only dog it would be fine.. But when my smaller dog starts barking it sets the collar off and shocks my lab when he is not barking and he gets freaked out ..which I ended up being disappointed in this because it states that another dog barking nearby won't set it off..lie :( so that's why the 2 stars.
Thought these would be a great alternative to the ones that clip into the seatbelt since my 7 mo old Aussie chews through them. However, the buckle that holds the length in broke after only a handful of uses. Rest of it is still intact, but now I can't shorten it so it's no longer useful as designed.
We normally get 1 XL antler a month from another seller and it'll last them till the next one comes. Not sure how but they ate both these super quick.
Used it once and the clip already broke making it impossible to use. Very disappointed.
Won't stick :( my cat has fallen three times because of the lack of suction. I have cleaned the window, cleaned the suction cups, made sure everything was dry when that didn't work I used coconut oil as another review suggested, it sticks for about 10 minutes then falls. My cat is only 15lbs so I'm surprised it won't work.
they roll it and the treats fall out - it's really messy on the floor, their slobber is everywhere and food falls out randomly all over my floor... They don't have to interact, just balance the toy out. Just not our thing.
We've been using Wellness puppy food with great success and the very strong reviews on this page made trying these treats a no-brainer. Doesn't matter how healthy they are if you're dog won't eat 'em. Two stars because the ingredients are better than most other treats we've looked at.
I was hoping it would be great but my golden. It was not at all what I hoped for. The reviews were great I saw all the hair coming off other dogs but it didn't work great for me. Didn't get what I wanted done and it took way longer to brush than a normal one. It got some hair not all.
The chain within two weeks was worn off and rubbing metal shavings on my dogs' fur. I tossed this product and would never buy it again.
My Maltese smelled bad the next day, not impressed. It does lather well.
I bought the medium size, thinking that it would be good for my African Grey Parrot. The Java tree was very different than in the picture, which I expected. Some of the branches extended outside the base, which is messy and most of the branches were very thin. Can't use it.....
My dog gets itchy skin in the winter months, so I tried this out. I honestly didn't really see much of a difference. I was a little disappointed.
Not really worth it. Had to alter it so friends dog could do its business.
It's great to use around the house when my puppy is being needy but there are chores to be done, but my puppy gets nervous and tries to fall out of it every time we use it outside so I would recommend one that is a bit more secure and comforting for your pup.
Will not buy again. I have 2 cats adult and 2 kittens. 3 of the cats disliked this so much that they started going outside the boxs. Not something I would recommend for kittens at all. . I thought it would be better for them but not if I can't get them to even use it.
The bottle leaks alot. Can't put it in the cage.
I purchased this for a 2019 Yukon XL. I used this for the first time today to take my dog to the vet. The size is adjustable enough so the fit was adequate. The adjustment fasteners that hold it together work ok and are pretty easy to use. The small straps that are supposed to hold it in place by fastening it to the head rest however would not work. When secured in place in the Yukon, the bottom of the barrier is near where you have to fasten it to the head rest. When fastened near the bottom, the straps would not hold it in place because it was top heavy and kept falling back. I had to use bungee cords around the top of the head rest cushion to hold it in place. How much would it cost this company to include something that properly holds this barrier in place? The straps are very short and really useless. I may be packing it up and returning it to get something else.
I really like this item, however, the container's caster receiving hole is oversized. My casters keep falling out. Argh!
Uses 160 watts but doesnt get very warm at all. Uvb seems to work fine though. Nought it so I would only need one bulb. Still needed a second for heat.
Dusty. Doesn't catch pee. Doesn't detract scent. Was compostable.
1. I had not expected a roll of connected bags. I prefer single detached bags. 2. These bags are huge, wider than they are long and not great for inside out pick-up. 3. Because they are so huge, they are really not the best bag for medium to small dogs.
Broke easily! Had to replace after a short amount of use.
This toy getting 2 stars because I was able to cut the outer ring off and Vader was able to play with the center toy still. The outer ring didn't last 30 minutes, yes we timed it!! He has destroyed every toy given to him. I had hopes after reading the reviews that this could last atleast a month or two. Sadly no it did not survive for a day. But, the inner ball is still going simi strong after 4 days of play
I don't know how long I was suppose to keep trying, but I did it for a week and all it did was clean the goop out of my pup's face, but the staining didn't lighten at all (the old stains). Maybe I'm not using it correctly. Anyway, it may work for your dog. Tryout #3. On the lookout for #4 to try.
Cute little bed it is cheap so you get what you paid for I just use it for my pig to sit in my lap with. I washed it and it did fall apart. Prob wouldn't pay more than 10 bucks for this if I saw it before buying it. I dont reccomend it for quality reasons
It seems that if you don't hold the bottle squeezed, the water will suck back in.
The bungee portion wore out quickly with normal use.
Thin and cheaply made. frame of the unit cracked after a few weeks of reg use. Have since replaced unit with a larger sturdier unit from an different manufacturer.
Nice and green, died in 1 month
A little disappointed with this product. Within days of receiving the front connecting strap started to wear down. This harness was only used a handful of times. Was never left on my puppy other than his walks. It did however help with the amount of pulling immensely. It turns him around so he has to see me when he pulls instead of pushing forward. Which is typical for a Terrier.
Cheaper on chewy.com, one can came in with spoiled, seems can was punctured somehow allowing air in when I opened it it smelled awful.
We replaced a smaller door that had segmented, double pane plastic door. If there was a larger version of that, I would opt for that style. This door is very large and the single flap design does not seal well. It does blow open in the wind. I would suggest at least double flap version.
It's a great choice but the road is too long and not doable and if the dog gets to it for a minute he can destroy it
It didn't fit my 16lbs terrier mix, too loose at the neck area, and he chewed on the mouth piece like a riding horse, I had to return it
Sat down on a bench and took a call and wasn't paying much attention to the dog, and he chewed through the leash in about 2 minutes flat. Destroyed. Can't recommend something so flimsy.
All of the product images depict this item as three individual pipes, connected together. However, it is in fact just one big cavity inside with three circular openings to give the false impression of three pipes. This is a problem because the point of something like this is to provide small spaces to provide cover for small fish/shrimp. One big space does not accomplish this purpose. I wish I would have read other reviews more closely that pointed out this misleading and false advertising, as I would not have purchased this item if I had known it's not actually three pipes but one big one. It does look nice, for the price, but not recommended.
The large size looks like a small.... So please be mindful of that when you order. Way too small.
Way moe give than i thought.
The hooks for this thing are strange...one end is hooks that you can attach to a cage and the other end are eyes (like a hook and eye). No real way to hook it to the cage. Just not for me I guess.
Smaller than I thought , have not really found a good use for item
Didn't really help any
A lot of money to spend on something that some dogs just wont take to. Know your pet before you order.
Thought this was a great idea. Our pup took to the grass quickly. After a few days though, it just smelled awful. And yes, we had been cleaning the poop out. We were hoping for a good solution to our potty training in a busy city apartment, it just didn't work out like we wanted. I ended up throwing away just shy of two weeks after receiving.
Lasted less than 6 months. We rarely turned this on. Havent used it in three or four months and now it wont hold a charge.
Cats loved it until the tip broke off it could be a bit more durable but all in all decent cat toy
It didn't kill all the fleas but did kill some.
Cute and inexpensive, but started tearing on second or third use. My dog is only 16 pounds.
This did not pickup pet hair as I thought it would.... sticky paper worked much better.
UPDATE- I bought a second one and it only lasted a month. Because I didn't contact them immediately I'm out of luck since it only has a 30 day warranty. Original Review: This is a very nicely constructed cover. It fits the bed tightly enough that there are no wrinkles to encourage chewing. The zipper is well hidden as well. My dog, a 125 lb Great Dane, does scratch at her bed, and we now have a small tear 8 months later, but it's reversible so I'm assuming I still have another 6-8 months 'till I have to replace it. For this cost that's more than enough use.
one panel wire was detached
This is not puppy proof. Our 5 month Border Collie chewed threw it and is unusable.
The cat food was fine but unable to set up delivery to suit my needs,very difficult to deal with.
The product itself is great, and the sizing and all but the jacket came used , when I unpacked the Amazon box the dog jacket had fur all over the jacket no new tags,it looked like some pup had alrdy worn it and they just sent me the old used one . Very disappointed coz I love the jacket .
Bought this bulb less than a month ago & it has already burned out!!!
Our cat absolutely loved having the fountain, we had it for a little over 2 months and the motor went out on it. Our cat misses the fountain, but we are not wanting to pay another $30 if the next one is going to break as well. :(
I don't notice any difference in the amount of coughing by my dog. Will not be buying again
first off, it was so light and dint feel substantial for the amount we paid for this. Replaced this with the K&H car seat and that is so much better in comparison. pros- good size, and the fleece is comfy and my dog was cozy. Cons- the sides have opening and that is such a major design flaw. So that meant that it isnt as secure as i wanted it to be. the belt that attaches the dog to the seat doesnt even really attach to the seat but to the seatbelt (which again is easy to come off as the sides have an opening) so whats the point really, just serves as a cozy dog bed and not really a car seat in my opinion.
The tags looked great when I got them. 60 days later they are tarnished and illegible. I don't recommend others waste the money
My dog loves them as treats, but no noticeable calming effects.
toy lasted about 5 min.
They sent a round rubber silencer to go on a rectangular tag. It snugly fits around it but it keeps falling off every other day. Disappointing considering I purchased this specific tag for it's glow in the dark silencer.
Has a smell, which is a bit no-no. Also dusty.
Very solidly made. Dogs can still splash water out.
Wish it lasted longer. My dog chewed through 2 mats within a month
They advertise prime 2 - day shipping but when I have ordered from them if takes nearly a week to receive my product?
I ordered these mealworms from this vendor because another vendor shorted me. I know because I feed the mealworms to my Bearded Dragon one at a time. I gave this vendor a try because the worms are nutritionally loaded. The count looks good, but what about packaging? I received a cardboard box with a cotton sack in it that contained a plain white business envelope that was crawling with loose mealworms. Every time I've purchased mealworms, they came in a small plastic tub with included meal-feed. Until I hear that packaging policy has changed, I will not buy again from this vendor. What a mess.
Dog didn't like them
Fed our cat, just as directed, mixing small amounts at a time with the original Naturals, but the food upset her and she had diarrhea! Not fine. Discontinued so she's now back to the original for indoor/outdoor cats doing well.
my dog don't like it
They came in blue and I though they would be blueberry plaid like the picture with the usual blue rubber backing so I did not notice the problem until I took them out to use one and thrown out the return packaging. Is it possible to replace with the plaid?
It moves quite slow on the floor and so it doesn't really peak the cat's prey drive much. It also doesn't always turn or gets stuck in weird places.
Wire is useless. Did not like the lack of sensitivity options.
The capsules make it hard to feed to your dog if they don't like stuff sprinkled on their food. My dog refused to eat with this in his food.
My lab destroyed this bed in 3 days... it is made well but not a good choice for my chewer
The bags are OK but the containers are poorly designed - once the leash falls on the ground, the bag container explodes into its two parts (the dispenser and screw-on end ) and the bag roll unrolls with the bags flying everywhere. It would take very little design effort to change the way the dispenser end screws on to make it less likely to fall apart. Suggest not buying these.
I have been using the litter Jeanie for sometime now and love it for my kitties, however the quality of the refills have gone down hill. The last order I placed was for 3 refills and 2 of these refills did not unravel the way they are supposed to. This lead to a large amount of waist and the refill could not be used. These are not cheap so I expect them to work as they should. I emailed the company but of course received no response.
It might work but who knows I dont really believe in collars
The dog seat is very nice, however the washable pillow that goes inside is way too small, flimsy and it sheds. I haven't found a way to secure the seat with the seatbelt so that it doesn't move around.
Too large better for a dog
It works okay... The lip on mine doesn't snap into place anymore. Also the dogs absolutely hate it.
This product was bad! My cat scratched holes all over the bottom.. we threw the rest out! Don't buy this product... It's not as advertised..
Used for grooming show goats. Unit did not operate well out of the box. Acts as if it has a short or broken connection inside.
CUTE BUT VERY VERY TINY HARD TO ENJOY IN MY FISH TANK. U GET WHAT U PAY FOR?
My bunny didn't really like the toy. Ignores it most of the time. Doesn't play with it.
I liked how fast it came in the mail but the amount of dust vs the price was not worth it. It would be worth it for me to buy the exact same product from Walmart for a dollar more and get a product without so much dust. My Guinea pig didn't like the dust and it made a huge mess in her cage. Not worth it.
I am not a great fan of this product. It does not keep the dish still and the lip is not high enough. If water spills it runs everywhere.
The bottles leak when jostled, so good luck getting through a run without getting wet and then not having a drink.
When using a comb attachment, several teeth broke off. No longer usable.
Bought this a week ago, and it is not durable at all. My Austrailian shepherd mix destroyed this, and she is not one to chew on stuff. I am unsure if it's due to poor stitching and she went at it because of that or not. Also it is VERY THIN. so be mindful of that if you are wanting a nicer bed for your dog.
If you want to give this as an indoor toy for your dog, forget it. I had it for one day and had to throw it away already. I found in my house little pieces of plastic of the bone everywhere. So first of all, it's not good because the dog can swallow these little pieces. And second, it's super messy. Too bad.
Didn't dispense food at programmed time. Announcement was heard but nothing came out.
Sorry guys. This took all of 30 minutes for our 7 month old puppy to get an ear removed. 24 hours later and the tail was gone. We were hoping for something that would stand up to a puppy chewer.
Bulb blew out in less than a month. Purchased Nov 11th 2018. It blew the night of Dec 9th. 2018.
Within a week it had a huge hole in the middle from normal use.
This ball is very heavy!!!!!! I would not throw it at a dog for them to catch it in their mouth.. pretty sure it would break their teeth. But its pretty tough when it comes to chewing on it
Not as the picture shows.
I ordered a 4XL and it was way too small! Seems to be made of nice material. Returning.
too small to be of much good with anything.
My cats hated it, one of them threw up every time he ate it. Even the feral cats I feed wouldn't eat it.
I have a big dog - German Shepherd. This nail grinder drags, slows down when trying to grind down his nail. I was only able to grind down the very tip of this nails. It may work on a small dog but don't wast your money if you have a big dog
This product is only for new set up, do not try to add to existing aquarium, I rinsed several times and the tank was a cloud for days, buy eco complete for existing tanks!!
I have used other products from this company with no problem. This product was inconsistent, some big pieces, and some tiny pieces, and a lot of crumbs in bottom of container. I was never sure of dose. I did sent an email but did not receive an answer. Very disappointed
I have an 11 year old mix breed in excellent health. Tried switching my dog from her usual Purina to Rachael Ray and I followed recommendations for switching to a new food by mixing old and new and gradually getting rid of the old. Day #1 I came home to a disaster. My dog has never had digestion issues or accidents in the house. This was terrible. Maybe a bad batch or some sort of coincidence, but I wouldn't recommend this one.
no sizing. I have 65 lb dog but cannot even come close to adjusting this.
fuzzy cover on ball started coming off within 5 minutes. The ball ( tennis ball ?)was so dry and brittle that it started cracking and falling apart. i cut the ball off the rope and now the rope is all that's left for the dog to play with!!!!)
I didn't really like this product. It was hard to spread peanut butter onto and my shin-tzu was able to lick it up really quickly. Also the continuous licking caused it to wear out pretty quickly.
I was sent the wrong product. I have tried numerous time to process a return but the website continues to tell me I can't return dog food. Please contact me for a refund
Unfortunately my betta will not touch these. He tried at first, but spit them out. Now just stares suspiciously and swims away.
I originally ordered the large based off my dogs measurements. It seemed too big so I ordered the medium to see which would fit better. Disappointed that the medium is so much smaller and on top of that I'm losing 7 dollars in shipping to return the size. Incredibly disappointed in this purchase
My dog chewed this to shreds within a week, but he really liked it! Maybe if it were made of rubber...
Is it normal that we bought what we thought was a brand new pair, but we actually received someone's returned item?
I have a Chihuahua and these are easy to put on but did not keep her feet dry
Unfortunately this nail grinder did not work on my mini dachshund's nails. Maybe the nails are too "thick" for this product, as the description says the product is not powerful enough for thick nails. The grinder will smooth a rough edge but it will not trim down the nails, which is what is needed and probably why most people buy a nail grinder. This product claims to be durable and powerful, but that was not the case. Overall I do not recommend this grinder. It is tough knowing how far to cut with clippers, so I will look for a different grinder.
This worked great at removing lint from my line-dried clothes, back of couch, etc.... But it hardly removed any of my dog's hair off of fabrics at all, which is the whole reason I got it. I have a Dalmatian who sheds a lot, and his short hair is soft but persistent about sticking to and working into fabrics. I returned this product and am still looking for another solution.
Made cheaply for kittens not cats
I REALLY want to love these. They are quiet, lightweight, and just all around a really handy tool for a busy groomer. Unfortunately since receiving my clippers only 11 days ago, the blade has been routinely falling off, getting stuck on 10 and refusing to turn on, even a slight charging issue last night. Well today, the blade fell off and a plastic arm on the back broke off, rendering my clippers entirely useless. Thankfully I am off the next few days and can get a replacement delivered soon, but I'm really disappointed that I bought the clippers for over $150 not even 2 weeks later, I'm spending $30+ on a new blade.
Good while it lasted but broke within a month.
After a week of use a nasty film grew on top of these suction cups. I ended throwing away the cups and replace them with fluval suction cup for filters 30 mm 4-pack.
This item was sent with no nuts or bolts! They were supposed to be included. Bad!
My yorkie simply ignores the vibrations even on the highest setting and continues barking
Just opened the box and the seam has a tear in it. Am returning and hoping the next one is better
Keeps falling off dog due to links not holding together.
I ordered the $300 cage and it arrived bent, dented and out of shape. I was still able to put it together and it works fine. The quality for paying $300 is not great. I would recommend a different cage. All in all, it works but very cheaply made.
My dog enjoys this dog food just like any other good-tasting dog food, but the price is higher than at the pet store around the corner. Pass on this and support your local pet store.
Only two of the toys arrived. Will not buy again from this company.
First the smell from the box and the plastic made me sick, the rug on top is not sticking, out of the box, letters on the assembly parts don't match the instruction. Probably going to return.
Hope this worked like "as seen on tv" but it really doesnt pick up much of anything off of my shirts/pants.
glitches out occasionally and I'm not sure why. Most of the time it seems to be working however. Using in my aquarium submerged near the surface. The screen is angled a bit from the suction cup though and this makes it difficult to read when stuck on the tank wall b/c it is angled back toward the water some and away from the glass.
I agree with what another reviewer stated. The food I ordered seemed much different than the one I get from the pet store. It is much softer, which is not really an issue, but my cat doesn't like it. If I buy from the store the pate is much firmer and she loves it. So I won't be buying from amazon again.
Although there are "stretch bands" the neck was too small for my 10 Ibs Chihuahua and the rest of it was too big. So if you have a small dog with a skinny neck but is fat maybe it would fit. Otherwise seemed quality made.
A fine toy, but not for the chewy members of the world.
Both my cats refused to eat Sheba chicken and turkey. So I wonder what is really in it.
I've had great difficulty in using these. The glue ends up all over my hands and the applicators. The applicators are clogged with glue and the glue dispensers are clogged. I had to cut some of the covers off the cat's claws because they didn't fall off before the claw started growing into her paw pad (too much glue). I have no idea how to effectively handle this glue. The instructions say to fill the claw 2/3 with glue but I can't see how much glue is in each claw cover until it spills over the top. I can't tell if the glue applicator is dispensing glue or clogged--the tube feels the same either way. I wish there was a way to do this without the horrible glue mess. I've given up on this.
It...really doesn't work. Thought to try it because it was one of the pamphlets that my vet gave me but really it didn't do anything. I find that playing "relaxing" music is a much better outcome. And free.
My puppy eats these in two seconds. Not worth the price. I bought to go in the freeze toy. Save your money, just freeze regular dog treats or small kibble in the toy instead.
Perfect for a cockatiel, but my conure has already broken the chains, which are VERY small links. An African Grey, which is mentioned in the description, might make this last a few days, if he/she were feeling lazy. I wouldn't call them large blocks of wood either, not by a stretch, they are thin. Again, not for anything larger than a cockatiel, it's not tough enough.
My dog wouldn't eat this bone. Was hoping she would do so to help clean her teeth. I'm sure this is individual dog though.
Product seems really heavy duty and awesome, however; on the second use i looped the leash through my other 10 pound pups leash handle to make things a little easier and it some how frayed the side of the leash? My dogs are only 11 weeks old so they are more so exploring than actually walking and pulling wich makes me question its durability
My dog loves these, but they deflate so easily. She has two other one of these owl squeakers from the store and I was somehow hoping this one might be different, but it deflated and folded over in a day and it's hard to reshape the squeaker back to its original size.
Not well packaged, lid arrived cracked/broken off. Haven't used product yer but will update review.
Kinda disappointed cause they don't last long like they should
UPDATED- would have been 5 stars. Like that it is soft and comfortable but also very snug and secure. We have a small, mill dog rescue who is very afraid of loud noises; cars, trash truck, etc. When we go for walks, this harness keeps her safely by our side. But after only two months, one of the adjustment straps is broken. The right side can still be tightened but the left side stays loose now and she can slip out! Hoping to get an exchange from the seller as I can no longer exchange through Amazon.
Not that good of quality, very dry and brittle for the price
Cute pjs, not especially warm, but has a thin liner on the inside so not horrible for winter inside as long as your dog will quickly potty outside. However, the bad rating is because I always order a small in fitwarm for my 5.5 lb chihuahua and this is the worst fitting fitwarm pj I have ever received. The sizing is totally off and he can barely squeeze into it. It looks like he's a body builder in a too small body suit, and half his back end is hanging out. I will have to return them and order a medium and hope they aren't too big!
I bought this accessorie for the e collar because the stainless set that came with the collar was making my pitbulls neck turn red. I had considered buying the titanium set which said were non allergenic and was good to use on dogs with sensitive skin. I decided to go with this because it also stated it was for dogs with sensitive skin. It is definitely not made of titanium which I could tell from the picture and also does not claim to be. This product made my dogs neck redder than the original stainless one. Was a little disappointed that it claimed to be used for dogs with sensitive skin and did not help. I went ahead and bought the titanium set and redness has decreased drastically but not gone completely away. Love the idea of the four prongs but would like to see them made in titanium compared to brass or copper or whatever these are. I'm sure the four prongs is more comfortable but if it irritates the skin that bad then it would kinda defeat the purpose. Please make them with titanium tips. Love my e collar technologies collar btw. Have had it for about a year now and have used it to train so many different things it's amazing.
the photo makes them appear a lot bigger than they are. They are small squares. Might be ok for a small kitten.
I have been waiting for some one to ask! My girls may be spoiled, but they usually eat everything! They were clearly disappointed with this! I felt ashamed when they glared up at me. Our local store was too far away and we, too busy...
Great buy and save did take a while to arrive
No fragrance at all! Seafood chowder should smell loke seafood, this does not! As a matter of fact, as previously stated, this product has zero fragrance. No cats will eat it.
Did not hold even close to 30 pounds of cat food. Also the gasket on the lid is very loose and came off the first time I put the lid on.
It's very flimsy. My 4lb mal-Shi is able to move it around whether it's on the carpet or grass. I use books to anchor it down.
The original pet door I had with my house was this model so when the plastic lock on the bottom was broken off by my cat, I bought another to replace it for if I went with a different model I would have to replace the entire door. While it looks nice, and has an "only in" and "only out" function, the mechanism on the bottom can be too easily broken, and when that is broken, it no longer locks. For security, and preventing pets from escaping, I feel like this is a lousy thing to be cheap on. If you are worried about security, know that a 9 pound cat can break the lock, which mine did.. and escaped during a vacation, only to find herself stuck outside since the broken piece prevented her from getting back in. I now place a heavy container in front of the door when I leave for extended periods out of fear of losing my cat again.
Good quality product, but it didn't fit my dachshund.
Extremely small, it's narrow not full and wide like the photo. Disappointed.
When I first began purchasing this product, it was great. My product was well packaged, fresh, & always on time. However, over the past few months all bags I have received have been sooo dry, they are barely able to be broken into smaller pieces. I continued to but as my dog has health concerns & this is only product he tolerates well. Although apprehensive, I placed my order the other day & guaranteed delivery by Thur Nov 2nd. Today is the 3rd & have yet to receive the product, which is causing major distress w/i my dogs digestive system. I will def look into other companies offering Dandy Lamb, as this is unacceptable.
Well that was a waste of money! Dog sniffed it and looked at me like I was crazy thinking she would like it.
Product arrive broken
Pros: >Great quality of wood, well designed and fits together great (also looks great with wood stain) >Easy to assembly >Permanent tray fits litter box well >Very sturdy once assembled Cons: >Quite a bit larger than litter box. Maybe it needs to be so tall but it is also several inches larger on each side and even larger on back side than litter box. Purchasing separate woven basket to place underneath bag/slot works well as others have suggested. You have to consider the increased size and if you have ample space when purchasing, might not be a problem for most. >Rarely scoops #2 into partitioned waste area/hole at end. Probably because the #2 stays in main area it seems to start stinking more quickly than disposable tray does, at least in my experience. If the rake and tray were to drop them into partitioned waste area and drop slot, then maybe this would work better for odor control of waste. Disposable tray was able to get them into its waste partitioned area quite well and dimensions for tray are very close to disposable tray so I am not sure why this does not work better. I have had this now for 4 months now. I really wanted this to work since it can save money for super expensive disposable cardboard trays from manufacturer. Permanent tray stains after a while, but I did not have a problem with odor (I clean well each time when replacing litter). I am not sure why this isn't working better, I will try a different permanent tray and see if results change any.
These lasted a few minuted with our 12 weeks old pups. We gave the rest to a friend with a small dog. Life span less then 10 minutes. Wouldnt buy again and not recommended until they last longer.
It doesn't really work on my doberman he doesn't feel it at all I have tried it on my and it doesn't really do much. So sorry to say I will have to buy a different one.
My dog doesn't chew on toys. He just walks around with them in his mouth. These just started falling apart.
I ordered a medium for my small beagle and it was so small, it didn't even close.
Arrived broken but not surprised. The material is so light and almost cheap plastic. Needless to say it went back
My 10 month old shepherd mix has absolutely no interest in these biscuits. He will leave them untouched, which for a large breed puppy was surprising.
Cats are jerks. These two cats eat everything and they won't even touch these stupid treats.
Pros: -nice size, the one cat who uses it loves the height -not very expensive for the size -relatively easy to assemble, though you have to be careful that you don't screw any of the bolts all the way through! Cons: -the wood is thin and flimsy -the 'carpet' is SUPER thin and cheap and I'll be surprised if it lasts more than a month after my cats get used to this thing enough to start scratching it -Because it's so flimsy and tall, it wobbles when my cats jump onto it or are active while on it. Which makes them feel insecure and 2/3 of them won't touch it.
it doesn't work don't waste your money
Don't really care for this bird bath, it leaks.
It isn't working so far. First time in his life he's had fleas and he's had two doses now. He has also had flea shampoos and a new bed, my one small carpet has been treated...so I don't think this works.
While it works, its pretty much broken. You can't switch the thermometer out of Celsius, and it can be hard to read.
My dog chewed his side with stuffing coming out on the first time that I game it to him.
Worked ok on certain surfaces but the included remover didn't really remove the hair after cleaning. Didn't work on most clothing. The handle then broke after about 1 month of once a week use on two chairs. The return window had just closed.
Less than one minute out of the package, a wand split in two. The cats loved the 30 seconds they did get to play with it.
Not durable dog chewed it up within 24 hours
Cats won't even play with it.
Three months ago price was $12 now it's $17.
Can't really see the gold lettering in pictures. That was the whole point.
Difficult to install and uninstall. Easy to use once installed.
Maybe these lids fit every can at PetSmart but didn't fit the 5.5 ounce cans we have. Or maybe "fit" means you can place it on the can but you can also spin it while sitting on top of can. These don't "fit" snugly, so therefore I doubt they will keep the pet food from drying out or spoiling. The lids have been through multiple dishwasher cycles, hoping for shrinkage but no. I can't use these lids, which is a shame since they seem nice - just too big. Made in China.
Product looked fine, but it was well past the best by date (said May 2018).
Pretty disappointing. They lit up when I put them under a lamp, but in my yard under natural light they don't really light up.
This small is too small for my teacup Chihuahua . It's no place in the product list. I am actually going to cancel my prime membership! I am supposed to pay for this return!
My 2 cats love this item, but after only 2 days use a metal hard wire popped out of the end by the hanging ball. There is no getting that wire back in. It's very sharp. I duct taped it to the tunnel, I hope it holds, but that should not happen after just 2 days.
Bought the so called 30" actually measures 34 1/2 inches. Now I got to return it and order a different one. Highly annoying.
Plastic . Very cheaply made.
To heavy for small dog
Not durable enough to last 2 months. The button broke right away and my husband fixed it twice now it is not fix able nor returnable. This product should last longer than 2 months. When it does work, it was very effective with my dog.
Did not have the same quality as the one I bought from store.
Unfortunately this did not work out for us. I have had it for over a month now. My bunny loves to lay on this as a bed and has not used it as a potty. He uses litter boxes and I thought this sounded like a great product, especially after reading the reviews. I do like that the potty can be clipped on to hutch.
These smell terrible. The picture is nothing like what you receive. These are greasy, brown and grey. These are not scent free.
Cat urinated in my car and I was hoping that this would help me since the reviews were so good. Didn't do anything. I emptied out the entire bottle in every inch of the back seat and followed the directions. Guys, do what I'm doing and save up a bit more money for the more expensive, professional ones. The scent of the spray itself isn't bad but it doesn't eliminate the actual stench which was the whole point. DO NOT BUY!
My grand dog is 1yr old pug mix and she had the flowers torn off within 10 minutes. It was super cute but not durable at all for the price at all.
Returned to complications
cheaply made, came apart within three weeks.
Wouldn't buy them again, they fall over easy and cats rip the bird or butterfly pretty fast. They are kinda noisy
This is the second brand of hemp treats that we've tried for our dogs. Neither were effective in calming down their excessive barking, even at triple the dose. Not worth the $$$.
MY DOG TORE IT UP IN LESS THAN 5 MINS. NOT VERY DURABLE.
Diamonds pop off easy and my cat didn't like it. Bought her the break off collar and it doesn't seem to bother her near as much
Product is poorly made and is not sturdy enough for my cat to play with because it falls over and she walks away.
I have purchased cow ears for years. NEVER have I seen transparent ones like these. Seriously, so thin that the majority of the treat was literally transparent. They may be long -not large at all- but their thickness (or lack thereof) makes you wonder what happened in the processing
I have only had the crate a little over 2 months and gate door cracked at the bottom.
The clip that attaches the leash to the dog's collar broke off while my son was walking my dog. He's only a small-medium size dog (34 Lbs)
It's a really cute toy but I gave it to my Dachshund mix and it was destroyed same day. The Rope attached to the ducks behind easily can be pulled off by a dog with mild tugging or whipping the toy then all of the stuffing comes out from there.
Super cute dog toy , however poor stitching as it tore within minutes of having it.
It works fine, but it's SO bulky! The handle looks like it was made for Andre the Giant.
It's ok my dog liked it, but it basically did not cut down enough on prep time for me, i used it one day then ended up just boiling chicken and rice from the store for my dog any way. The package arrived in a timely fashion though, so thank you to the seller.
Not at all the color portrayed in the photo. Smells like insect repellent spray. Not sure this is for kittens. Seems to be more for cats, it wrapped around my kittens neck almost twice. He doesn't seem to be having a reaction to it, so so good on that. I really don't like how it looks in person and how big it is around my kittens neck. Will probably return because of those reasons.
Amazon nape and eclectus birds didn't care for it at all. Very small pieces.
You have got to be kidding me... I've been a long-time PetNet customer, having had a Gen 1 PetNet feeder for our middle-aged cat over the past three years. In general, the Gen 1 feeder has worked sufficiently enough that we've managed to keep our cat well fed over that time. Fast forward to this week, when my wife adopted a second cat. So, naturally, we purchased a second PetNet feeder to that we could feed the kitten separately. Much to my surprise, when setting up the new feeder, we discovered that PetNet allows only ONE feeder per household account. You CANNOT have use two PetNet feeders under the same account. You must register another account -- completely different email address -- and setup the second PetNet under that account. Unreal. That means that, barring having every person in your house register a separate PetNet account for each dog and cat in a multi-pet home, you cannot centrally manage more than one feeder. The physical quality of the Gen 2 feeder is decent enough, and the setup was fairly easy once I got past discovering that I couldn't register two feeders under a single account. The PetNet app is SEVERELY lacking in flexibility and function, as I've previously mentioned. We've decided to keep this feeder simply because we're in a bind and need the automated feeding for the kitten during the workday. If we werent in a bind, we'd return the feeder tomorrow and find another brand that actually supports multiple pets in a single household. I'm rating this feeder at two stars -- which represents the number of accounts that I had to setup with PetNet in order to support my two PetNet feeders. Seriously, I suggest looking elsewhere. It appears that there are much better alternatives out there. Caveat emptor.
My min-pin got it off in less than two minutes!
It is smaller than I expected. An adult cat cannot sit comfortably in it. Neither of my 2 cats have even gone near it. The long "sleigh" shapes are used frequently
This is not CBD. It is Hemp Oil. Big Difference. I got what I ordered. No complaints here. The fact that it was delivered weeks later on an Amazon Prime next day guarantee is absurd.
These gloves work for getting excess fur on the first few strokes of my cat. But, after that, the fur starts flying everywhere. I have to rinse the fur off more frequently than I'd like. It doesn't come of easily from the glove either. I have to pick at it.
Looks nothing like the picture. Very cheap looking. At least the cat likes it.
My dogs love their toys but within a couple of weeks, every single piece is in the garbage. Granted my dogs are heavy chewers but this was advertised as for "aggressive chewers". The ropes were pretty thin, not heavy duty at all. Within minutes I had pieces of rope scattered throughout my house. I wouldn't purchase again.
The protector fell off 30 minutes after the installation. I was lucky to hear it dropping, and picked it up. Installed the second time, and let's see what happens...
I ordered this product because my Maine Coon was heavily matted on her back. Because the mats were so large, this device did not help. We will probably have 2 take her 2 the groomer 2 be shaved. She doesn't like 2 be groomed; I may try again. Maybe some kind of sheers?
I've been receiving emails pretty frequently to write a review for this product. I usually don't like to leave reviews unless I've used the product for a bit, but since the emails keep coming, I decided to go ahead and post. I initially ordered this because I liked the fact that it did not shock my Chihuahua terrier mix. He gets extremely territorial and possessive. He is the ultimate example of tiny dog syndrome. His personality is larger than he is. Anyway, the previous collar we bought on a friend's recommendation, short circuited and burned his neck pretty badly. So we've been very patient and selective of what we tried. After reading many reviews, we thought we would give this a try. It worked fabulously for about two weeks. Now, it beeps and vibrates if he sighs or sometimes when he's sitting still so now it's just a decorative item on our shelf. Two stars for the two weeks it worked. On to the next thing!
I would've given this harness 5 stars when it arrived. It's absolutely perfect in design. From our very first walk, this harness completely corrected our dog's on-leash behavior, as she tends to get distracted and tangled up in the leash. Problem solved! Unfortunately, the harness is fraying badly at the stress points on the harness. This occurred after only a few uses. I don't think our dog is an exceptionally strong puller-- certainly, nothing that would cause this type of damage. At any rate, I am afraid to use it now. I'm looking for a sturdier version of this excellent design.
They worked great until you go to wash them. More than half disintegrated in the washer when the description says they can be washed and reused multiple times. First picture is an unused and then others are after 1 wash
2 months after and it broke not recommended. Got my money back
Expensive. Low quality. Came cracked. Thin plastic. Really small on the inside for how big it is. Ugly colors.
I have a female golden retriever and it wouldn't even fit. It says “large dog” and she only weighs 50 lbs.
Amazon issued me for a full refund but since I can't fully return the item because amazon states it's not returnable so I'll donate the items to a shelter instead. What a headache just because I bought the wrong size.
Nothing more than a overpowered,scented coverup that will give you migraines. Get any other carpet cleaner on the market regardless if it's for pets and you'll be better off than this stuff.
They look nice and of quality. But I ordered 2 of them and it seems like the second one is not made to size. They come with a bottom pad that is supposed to fit snug when fully set up, but as you can see in my picture, one of them does not fit and it makes the interior uncomfortable for my cats. Hopefully the seller can send me a replacement. I tried the pad from the other Carrier to see if the pad might be the over sized piece, but it is still too big when I put it in the other carrier. Leads me to believe some one at the factory did not measure right.
Did not work itching after 3 days
had bought this as an alternative to ice cream for my cat and it had no interest in the taste/quality of this ice cream.
Had issues with battery placement and just doesn't feel very well made.
Was really hoping my dog would love but he won't even touch it. Got a dog tooth brush that was a different shape and he loved it.
Not sure why this comes with a seatbelt, when there is no hole for the seatbelt. Wish I purchased a different one.
Maybe if you have a really calm or really small dog this will work but it collapses easy. It doesn't feel secure at all and my dog didn't like it.
These did not even remotely help our dog
My pit really enjoyed the squeak....she had a ball with it but it lasted maybe all of 20 minutes. She ripped it apart. The blue pieces all over the rug are bits of the ball. The little green ball started out inside the blue ball. It would be great for a dog who's not so rough...just not strong enough for a pit. Don't let "Kong" fool you like it fooled me.
I loved the T Rex. In reading many reviews I thought it would hold up for awhile. Poor T Rex was destroyed in seconds.
Arrived right away and look pretty nice. Unfortunately my dog found it easy to pull the strings off and destroy the toys in a matter of weeks.
This did not prevent our 70 lb rottweiler puppy from accessing his stitches after being neutered. He could still bend and get around it. Very disappointed in this product as I had high hopes for it.
Very thin and tear easily. I have to double them up as they tear just getting them in the unit. Cheap...... don't intend on ordering more.
The ring on the front broke off on the first day he wore it
I didn't get the malt flavor, my cat doesn't like it and if I put it on his paw it just balls up and comes off so he doesn't get any in his system.
Did not work on my dog at all.
It gives a uncomfortable tingle but not the jolt I was hoping for. If an animal times it right, they can get past it quickly. I wish I had gone bigger. Other then that, it is easy to setup.
Wanted to like the item but the posted sizing is off. My hiking partner measured well within the M size but was too tight around the chest. Returned and ordered a L and then predictably found the neck size much too large. Disappointing.
Yarn started coming off after a few days. Cute toy, but not the cats favorite.
Your measurements were way off.
I had to return it because my dog didn't really like it and would not stay in it. I really wanted to keep it but for the price I paid and my dog not particularly liking it, I have to give it only 2 stars.
The collar worked the 4 times I used it but after that the remote disconnects to much from the collar it self. It has become an issue because when and issue came up of my dog running to chase a car I tired to shock her before she got on the road and it didn't respond. I ended up chasing after my dog myself and normally the beep makes her return to me but the remote wouldn't respond, even when she was in range or when she stands next to me.
I bought two XL pieces. Prior to buying, I had measured my aquarium to determine the size that I needed and was satisfied that that would be enough. The pieces I received were much more spindly and thin than I expected based on the photographs and when measured barely met the minimum size as XL. I get it—it's wood, so it has natural variation. What I don't understand is why it was so overpriced for the quality and size. Also, the wood was wrapped well, but there was no other protective packaging in the box, so some of the pieces snapped and frayed at the ends. I am returning for a refund.
Recently sold my home and moved into an apartment! Needed something to help with the barking! Did nothing!
Battery doesn't last long kinda poor quality product for price
I got this for my kitten I rescued who was separated from his mother at two weeks old. He has been trying to suckle on me at night and so I wanted to get him something more appropriate to suckle on. Unfortunately he just tries to play with it and is indifferent to cuddling with the toy. The heat pack was moldy in delivery so that was unfortunate as well. A very expensive toy for my kitten who is entertained more by feathers.
I did not get the botle let me know if was not included
My pigs really liked the mint hay but wouldn't touch the other varities
I love the idea but this particular item does not work well. You have to squeeze it for the water to come up in the bowl, as the dog drink you have to keep the pressure on the bottle while actually trying to squeeze harder for more water to come out. The water also spill down the sides each time we use it.
Just put it together, I am a pretty good handy man an I had to make several adjustments because the instructions are just terrible. If you follow the instructions you will never put it together. I had to go to my Amazon app and highlight the pics of the cage to get the idea of how to put it together. If your not very handy, you will have trouble putting it together. Good luck.
I loved these when I first bought them. I first made the mistake of putting the main container in the dishwasher. Although I don't use heat to dry, one warped and the other was fine. The other problem is that over time/use, the attachment handle no longer is tight enough to hold the 2 lids on or together. :( We melted one and shortened it. It looks awful, but actually still works.
cheaply made. fits well, but won't last long
Does not seem to work on my neighbor's dog that incessantly barks. Cheaply made.
Though this is fun, and my dogs enjoy it, they've figured out that if you just push up from the bottom the whole dang thing flies off and they get all of it. So they solved the puzzle, just not as intended.
Unfortunately this did not seem to bother my dog when she barked. Really was hoping it would!
I am disappointed with this product. It is very unreliable (sometimes it goes off when he barks and sometimes it doesn't) however it will go off when my husband sneezes or when my dog shakes his head with an itch.
Flies like a brick but pretty tough. It is not indestructible by any means!
Not ecstatic about this. My dog is a midsize dog 30 lbs and chewed everything into pieces within one hour. I had plastic pieces all over the place and she had severe diarrhea as she ingested some of it too. This is definitely for a small dog.
This is probably more me than anything but the pictures make it seem like it's made of a softer, almost rubbery plastic. It's not. It's a thin, very hard plastic. Further, it seems like it scuffs very easily because it arrived covered in scuffs and scratches. Plus the time it spent in the shipping box made it bend so that the handles were almost touching. It looked like a triangle. It was very narrow with noticeable creases on both sides. Bottom line kiddies, not only can pictures be deceiving but watch out how it's shipped to you. I took one look and put it back in the box and returned it the same day.
Did not like the way the bag holder was attached ? to the dog leash. It did not fit properly and kept falling off.
Maybe from the turmeric? Stick with the green ones.
I was initially impressed with this collar. It is sturdy and thick. I loved the metal clasp and the adjustability. The handle on it was helpful as my dog easily slips out of other collars. This collar lasted approximately one month. The clasp broke. I was disappointed to say the least.
pass on these. Whenever my small dog urinates on these, the urine runs over the edges if she squats too close. Then I have to spend more time cleaning the floor or rug where these were placed. She weighs about 8 pounds, imagine what a larger dog would do! No...these are not good at all.
When I opened the package, This brown clay dust went everywhere. I ordered the black one and thought actually thought it was brown because of the amount of dust. The package with the bolts and screws was open, looked cut like this had been used before and half the contents were fallen out, which I had to dig through dirt to find. ---Believe me, this was done only out of desperation of needing a crate with a metal bottom. I spent 2 hours cleaning the mess this thing left in its wake and then about 30 minutes putting it together. Two of the nuts are stripped and will not hold. The actual crate is much smaller than advertised. I have to buy a bigger size, but definitely not from this company!
It seems to be good quality, and would've given 5 stars but I had pieces missing! I've been so happy waiting for this crate to keep my pitbull contained from chewing all my stuff up when I'm gone, and nearly cried when I couldn't put it all together! 😭
Had a lot of trouble stretching it to fit over 1 inch fittings. Needs to be slightly larger diameter.
The idea and the product is a great idea.
I love the silicone, they seem so nice and durable like they would never crack. But..... they are too small and don't create a seal. I returned them.
Not at all worth the price they are charging. I can say I got what I paid for. The quality of this is fair at best. It is chipped and there are cracked pieces of wood.
Exactly what I was looking for being they are hard too come by now work great good service no problems received it in record time Thank You once again
It's been couple weeks and my Lab doesn't get any better.
I have used CBD oil made in the USA for quite some time for myself as well as my dogs. If it is quality oil, it is great. My usual supplier was out so I tried this brand. I absolutely doesn't smell the same as the hemp oil my integrative doctor uses nor does it taste anywhere near the same. What I usually buy is made in the USA. This is made in China. They may have different standards or possibly hemp from China is just different. Either way, I will not be buying this product again from this manufacturer.
These do not stick well, the price has pretty much doubled making them too expensive for what they are. They used to be fresh feeling, now they are hard and stale. Do not waste money.
Not impressed... my dog became I'll shortly after starting him on these. Vet said he didn't think these were the cause of a bad bacterial infection, but I'm not going try again. My dog may have been I'll before which would have explained the bad breath. Ingredients seem harmless enough. Just too unsure to rate this products effectiveness. And only posting this in case others have a similar reaction.
if you have a med dog get a large or xl they run very small i fix mine to fit and it is very fun my dog loves the attendance .
I have 2 bulldogs and I currently use the soap and a few other products, but they would not eat these or the skin and coat supplement.
Essentially, its a ping pong ball with a rough, foamy texture. Its hollow, light, it even makes a similar sound as a ping pong ball when thrown against something. The problem? My cats dont want to bite into ping pong balls. When I read "foam" I assumed it was of the spongy variety, so the cat could hold and chew on them. But nope, best your going to get is they bat it around on tile floors and quickly get bored. Least thats what my cats did.
Good product but didn't fit in my F-150
This is my first tower with this brand. Decided to try them out since their other towers had good reviews My last two were from Go Pet Club. I can say the build quality of this one is not near as good as Go Pet Club and the Go Pet Club tower is cheaper. The boxes are a joke. They don't have a solid side to them they are just cloth. They use pillars on the 4 corners that you secure with bolts to create the box shape. Also the top perches have no side structure either so the cat really has nothing to lean against. Despite the lack of material it still seems sturdy when the cats jump on and off it. I will be going back to a Go Pet Club tower after this one falls apart.
The sizes on this costume do not at all align with the size chart. My 60lb dog always fits into the large just fine. The large that arrived might fit a beagle.
We have been buying these for several years. Recently, the packaging changed and I noticed the three new ones were not as thick or heavy as they used to be. Disappointed because these are expensive and I estimate that these are 1/3 lighter weight or more then they used to be. I included a photo showing how much thinner these are now. :(
Mine did not come with silencers.
This arrived without the blade oil and brush. I only realized it was supposed to be included after reading other reviews. This packing aside, it's a good product.
Doesn't contain water for very long and needs to be re-wetted quite frequently. It's very inconvenient.
While it should be great it collapses so much that the cats won't go in it because it just doesn't stand at all it just collapses
It's so cute but I'm disappointed as it runs VERY small. My dog is 20 pounds and an average size and the XL barely fits my 10 pound little dog. It's going back:(
Seems ok only used it for 20 mins. It went off at a level 2 and it's a big dog. She is scared yelped and acting funny all day after use. Wont be ever using item again. Scared for my dog.
Unless your dog has there paw fur trimmed back this is never going to get on a dogs foot
This really wasn't the best filter. First it wasn't very powerful. A film would develop on the surface of the water on the opposite side of the tank from where the filter was meaning the flow was weak. Also it broke in in less than two months but of course that was after the return Period. Also even with all four of the suction cups (so it's in the tank attached to the wall not hanging on the side) my fish could still fit behind it which was dangerous. Overall, I'm really pretty disappointed in this filter.
My GSD gets excited/aggressive when other people and dogs walk by and the gentle leader worked very well to keep her under control. Unfortunately the first time I bought the head collar it ripped during our first walk. I accidentally bought a medium (my dog is only 5lbs over the suggest range). Returned and the new one worked so well until the snap piece broke. At this point, I may need a more durable collar with a thicker strap.
So cute but not a true medium. Runs pretty small.
I have a small dog "Bishon" and his pee spreads wide compared to other pads used cause of thinness of these pads.
These work ok and have a decent distance. The dogs quickly learned to obey at the beep and I rarely need the other two functions. However, one of the collars after the second charge would not charge nor would it turn off. I had to let the battery die completely before I could charge it. After approximately 6 charges to both collars the charger became loose and you really have to fiddle with it and prop up the collar and weigh down the cord in order to get it to charge... they both charge, but you should just be able to plug it in and not worry about it until it's fully charged.
Thought my boxer would love to chew on this tire but he was so uninterested.
I would love to have this sweatshirt for my little dog, but the small is too small, and I'm afraid the medium would be too big. The length was right, but the garment was very tight.
My 90 pound GSD was startled and bolted, she manage to get the leash seperated from the handle in seconds. Luckily the dog was safely recalled. I had been enjoying the ease of use, accepted that my pup could tangle it if she really tried, and enjoyed the ease of the hand brake. Disappointed and glad nothing worse happened than a racing heart, and a scared pup and dog owner.
They are extremely crumbly. Thank goodness they are more moldable, As that's the only way you can put the pills in it.
My lop eared bunnies did not even touch these. I'm not quit sure why :(
Does not brush their hair out at all
There's no way to check water level without taking apart. Have to disassemble and clean AT LEAST once a week because the plastic becomes slimey (even using distilled water with a new filter). While on, the water makes multiple fast drips which seems to be louder than the pet fountains where the water runs.
I purchased this on November 30, 2017. I realized it was no longer working February 22nd 2018. Thought it was batteries, so I ordered batteries and replaced them, but nope. It's broken in just under 3 months. There is supposed to be a 1 year warranty replacement on this, so if the seller honors that and the replacement item performs better I'll be updating my review. The things I liked (and why I'm giving 2 stars even though it broke in less than a quarter of the time it's warrantied for): It was easy to read and more accurate than glass thermometers, but is less obtrusive than other digital thermometers that stick on the outside of the tank with a probe wire that extends into the water. It's a cute and well-designed piece of equipment. Just wish it held up better.
I purchase these Chews often. This last purchase the chews were so soft, the dogs went through them in less than 20 minutes. When the price point is around $13 each, you need them to last longer. Not sure what happened with this batch; it was def a dud.
Container is sturdy. Lid latch a little flimsy. It works best when you press the middle of the lid and close the latch at the same time. This says it holds 15 pounds. However, when full to the max, not only can't I push the lid to close it properly as mentioned, but it doesn't even hold be entire 15 pound bag of food. I end up having to keep the big, open bag of food for a week or so before using the container. I would not buy this again nor recommend it to others.
If you're looking to play frisbee with your dog, don't purchase this one - it doesn't fly. The Nylabone frisbee with pieces chewed off flies better than this one. Also, I wouldn't leave it alone with my Lab/Heeler mix because I can tell it would be demolished within 15 minutes. Oh well.
I have a leash reactive shelter dog and walking her was hurting my shoulders and neck. She heels well with no distractions. But other dogs, particularly the small white fluffy kind, send her into a tailspin. She focus on them so intently that it is hard to redirect her. So a head collar was a great thing. We did great for about five days. She acclimated to the head halter well. My shoulders and neck were feeling MUCH better. Loved the safety clip. Enter in small white fluffy dog. She had that thing in her mouth and nearly chewed through in less than three minutes, the time it took to get her across the street and settled down for me to readjust her head collar.
Dog doesn't seem to be enjoying this food as much as I was hoping. She lets it sit for long periods of time in the bowl untouched.
The ingredients are great and seem healthy. My dog was not overly interested in these.
Smaller than expected, not enough cushion to even be considered orthopedic.
Not easy to get cat into, virtually impossible
The citronella component is the most effective, but I bought two collars and you have to change the batteries more frequently than I thought. Also after 1.5 months of use the citronella sprayer doesn't work, but the electric shock does. Will not buy again.
Don't really have much to say about this product. Need more time
I really want to love this collar, the material is soft and very well made. Unfortunately the buckle is very flimsy and easily came unlatched. As adorable as the collar was i can only give it two stars because i had to replace the collar after my dog almost got loose twice. Was terrified for the time she might actually take off. Would be 5 star worthy of only the buckle was sturdier.
It lasted about a month. The metal buckle was hard to click shut from the beginning, eventually the pins popped out and it completely broke. The bow tie is cute but the elastic part is hot glued onto the tie.
Durable my butt. Completely fell apart after 3 minutes, if that.
Not as big as I thought it would be
It works but it drips so fast that the bottom of the tank fills with water. If you fill it it will empty with in 8 hours. If I put it over the pond then my water stand on can not drink from it. I'm dis a pointed
My GSP is an aggressive chewer so I thought this was going to be a hit. Within 30 minutes, the green was gone, leaving a metal tube behind (luckily he did not chew on this), and two days later he had chewed the rounded edges to a point.
Not really impressed with this product. Maybe I'm expecting too much. Applied directly to the skin on the nape of the cats neck (had to use two combs to part the hair). I put a collar on the cat for 30 min to be sure they couldn't get their paws on it. Then again, it was the right spot, so they probably couldn't get there anyway. Kept this up once/month for 3 months. In the meantime, made extra sure to have fleas in the home handled (vacuuming often, cleaning bedding, etc). None of that matters if the cat still maintains fleas. However, continued with the regimen for three months. There are definitely less fleas in the house, but they are mostly contained to the cat. So... I'm not sure what this product actually did. Besides make my wallet lighter.
These did not stay stuck to the wheel. Came off within days
The 40lb poodle loved it but did it hold up longer than an hour of play and chewing? Nope.... if you're pup likes to chew, this isn't for you
The product is very thin this the urine spreads to a large portion of the pad. The thinnest also is poor for odor reducing.
Why did you hide the ingredient "Polysorbate 20" in the following wording "With natural ingredients"? Sorry, Returned item because I did not know until I read it on the bottle.
Good idea but my puppy destroyed it in less than one day. It says there's unconditional refund for 60 days - how do I get that?
It's easy to put it together, but, too much wood sticking out will hurt the hamster
Does not work like advertised.
+ came quick in the mail. - only 2 of each color, meaning my cat had rainbow claws. - the claws are suppose to fall off when the nail sheds, these didn't do that. I had to take him to the vet because his nails started to rot. I recommend that if you want soft paws just take your animal to vet or shelter. They sell these products are willing to help/illustrate how to put them on.
I am giving these bowls two stars only because they are pretty dog bowls. The issue with these bowls is the difficulty in getting a set that isn't damaged. I have now received two sets of bowls. As you can see in one of my pictures, you will be lucky to get a set of bowls that are not damaged since both sets I received were packed in a large box with a single layer of thin bubble wrap around each bowl and very little else. All that empty space you see in the box was room for the bowls to move around, hit each other and chip. The first set I received had a defect in the glaze that was very sharp and could have easily cut our dogs tongue when licking the bowl. Since the bowls are bought as a set, you have to return the full set in order to get a refund. Our second set arrived packed the same way (so it wasn't a one time packing mistake). The second set had a very large chip as is seen in the second picture. So, I guess the only way to get two bowls that are not damaged is to again request a replacement set, wait to send back the set you are replacing, hope the new set arrives with at least one undamaged bowl, keep the one bowl from each set that isn't chipped and send back as a set the two bowls that arrived with chips OR Amazon could invest in providing training for their packers.
I really wanted to like these - they are so cute and simple. But it's about a year later and I can't read either of the tags we ordered because of rubbing on other tags (rabies, etc). I wouldn't recommend, unfortunately.
I like the design, but the material doesn't keep well for too long. Worth the ten dollars, but I will look for a more sturdy material that won't look worn out in just a few days.
Did not last an hour with puppy play and chewing.
It's ok. Larger granules that do not really absorb wet waste very well. Do not cling to solid waste very well either.
Smaller than expected. Doesn't tip over but my pet can still push this all over the floor.
This just disintegrates when used, and it doesn't take long for it to become a festering ammonia-scented pile of mush.
Lasted a day and it broke.
Plastic piece from the lid fell off in less than 2 weeks!
I got this to help with my troubled back. I typically only go or every few days and clean up the yard. And after that my back is hurting so bad I needed something I didn't have to bend down. This is way too short and I'm not a tall person. Not to mention it seems very flimsy. I used it for about half an hour and kept thinking it would break any time. I'm returning it and getting a rake type and pan type. Maybe soon I'll find something I can use.
The fleas are still hanging out near my cats collar. Seems like the product is not working as promised or I might got a defect collar.
Expensive for what you get. I've found another that gives you more of the duck and is a quality product also. Cadet product are great though.
No idea what to put for stars. It was fancy and would probably work good, but the item arrived broken. Twice. I'll just spend a little extra and buy one at the local pet store. At least I'll know it's not broken.
Smells nice. In my opinion it doesn't really do anything except piss the cat off more lol
My dogs were able to figure this gate out within 48 hours. One nudged it with his nose and the other just swiped a paw in between the slats and they were home free!
Sadly this supplement did not work out for my particular cat. Have been following the instructions for dosage and mixing the powder with his wet dinner to ensure he eats it all, and he has shown no improvements since beginning treatments.
our shih tzu used the toy for 1 hour and we almost lost it after that - the sound this thing made was beyond annoying! Wish I could turn off sound and leave vibrations for our dog to continue to play with it. We ended up taking the speaker/vibration out and she loved it... for a week. She's 9 lbs and tore the threading and fur off pretty quickly.
Really sticky and gross to touch. Also hard to fit pills inside of. Yuck
No success... and one of the bottles was empty
The main reason I am giving this product a 2 star review is the noise. Aside from YouTube and other internet reviews Seachem's own website markets this as one of the quietest hang on the back filters. I did an extensive amount of research before buying this filter. From what I found out it can be noisy if it is not level or the water is not high enough. I made sure both of these requirements were met and it was still very noisy. It had a loud grinding sound. My intent was to replace an Aquaclear 50 that was too noisy but this filter was significantly louder then my Aquaclear. Considering some people swear this is the quietest HOB filter available and others have had similar experiences to me I wonder about the consistency of the construction. As for some positive things to say the filter does feel sturdy, you are not forced to keep buying filter media, the flow is adjustable, and it has a protein skimmer. I have no doubt it would do an excellent job of keeping my aquarium clean. The noise was so bad I had to return it and stick with my Aquaclear 50.
It broke when I was walking my puppy.
The photos don't really show you but it's a corner sponge filter not round. Also the sponge is VERY fine.
Has no directions and it's really hard to get the food tube in the bottom where the food sits.
These arrive very fast and and use to be my dogs favorite treats. I've ordered these several times now and they use to arrive very fresh and soft, however the last two bags we have gotten have been hard and stale making it almost impossible for my chihuahuas for eat!! If this is how they arrive I won't be ordering anymore .
To be honest with you in regards to this product; I would skin test first. One of my dogs developed a rash.
My cat did not like it. It comes in a big bag full of shredded stuff. When rehydrated it turns to mush.
My dog didn't like the duck flavor. Poor quality of product. for the price. It was very crumbly and had a gritty texture and my dog didn't like the texture either.
Seal is not perfect and moisture proof. Stored some dry rice that ended up with small bugs in it.
I force my cat to use it. She's not the biggest fan but will walk thru it. Didn't come with directions, even tho it's simplistic to put together. You have to use a lot of pressure. Way too pricey for what it is.
Didn't work for my frenchie with allergies. Made her breakout really bad with a rash and scabs. If your dog has allergies do a test spot.
These steps are made of a semi-soft foam. They feel like a couch cushion. They are soft enough to fall in when my 12 lb dog climbs up them. They should be made of a firmer material.
Sure hope this stuff works, do yourself a favor and order the concentrate, then go to a hardware store and buy a different spray bottle. The bottle this stuff comes in is a joke. The threads slip when. You squeeze the trigger, already almost dumped the entire bottle because of this.
Nice table, quite heavy... but day received I unpacked and set it up wanting to use it that day, but couldn't :( One leg was slightly shorter than the rest and was rocking side to side. Floor isnt uneven, no matter where i placed it that one leg was off the ground about a 1/2 inch more than the rest. Mailed back for refund the next day.
I bought this because it was more economical than the same bag in store. In the third shipment I received, I noticed that the kernels were of a different color. Didn't think much of it. But after about 6 months of use, one of my cat developed crystal in his urine (the other just got really, really fat and grumpy). Long story short, over $300 in vet bills later, I switched to another brand. No more problems since.
I have a 5 month old Mini Goldendoodle weighing 22 lbs, and the medium cup is really too small for her paws. Id have to force her leg into it, so it really won't work. Sigh :-(
One of the batteries didn't work, it just spun in the receiver and wouldn't make contact. The other battery did work.
Product detaches every once and awhile and blows all your decorations everywhere. Just spend the extra money on one with a magnet and adjustable speeds. After this fails you'll inevitably buy a nice one anyways
found that this item did not fit nearly as well as in the photograph and the window hooks keep falling off. I do not consider my Rav to be a large SUV but the floor fitting does not lie flat. Will probably get some other kind of fitting or just improvise. The only good thing is the quality of the material.
While the sweater appears to be of good quality it is about three or four inches shorter than it should be to fit my Yorkie.. C. C Hildreth
It was a good light while it lasted. For two weeks. Then the plug going into the transformer melted and started smoking, luckily someone was around and noticed. Other reviews mentioned the same things but I was hoping to not be one of the unlucky ones. No such luck.
So far almost half the rolls I have used are not sealed all the way at the bottom. If the first one in the roll is defective then all of them are.Had to throw away those rolls.
was expecting uniform strips that I could cut up to feed my pets. This seaweed is awful!
It works but not the way they describing on the site
I am not happy with this my dog has yeast in the one ear now it has move into the other ear and I would not use this ever again.
I have been giving to my cat for about 2 months. It appears to really dehydrate her. I am not convinced this works, but I will try until the second bottle is empty. she consumes with her food so there has been no problem getting her to take this. I have given 2 stars because I cannot see a change in her behavior, but I have noticed that this appears to dehydrate and give her problems with bowel movements.
First collar was too large. Received a replacement, cost was higher! Second one fits good. Shows dirt really bad, information band is hard and straight and will not fit the curve of the dogs neck.
Smaller then I expected! Quality is ok but not great! Won't order again!
cheaply made, worth about $3 at best
I like this product and have ordered it a couple times but this time, inside the container, instead of a 1/4 of a teaspoon scoop there was a giant, multi-tablespoon scoop inside!! I had sent this to my Mom to give to her dog so she didn't realize the scoop was the wrong size and gave it to her dog for several days before I saw the scoop! Fortunately her dog was ok despite being majorly overdosed with this. I'm very disappointed by their quality control.
Unfortunately we didn't think to test these until we went on vacation, and 1/3rd of our order was broken, and it was past the return deadline. Otherwise would have been a great deal.
So far my squirrel doesn't like it.
Company needs to get a spray bottle that actually works. It only works one spray then stops working.
I got a bag of bones with a thin layer of fat on some of them. Not worth it at all. Will not be buying again.
The rubber string inside the 4 legs are so tight that my dog looks so uncomfortable wearing it so I cut all the rubber strings out and sew it back on and now it is perfect rain coat for my dog
Petco and other pet stores around me never have the right sized aquarium covers when I go in, and I just recently upgraded my turtles tank to a 30 gallon. What I ordered and what I got in the mail were totally different, it says on the cover its a 30 gallon and I got something much larger. I gave the cover to a friend because it fit their 55 gallon aquarium and i have no use for it but now my turtle tank has no cover. It was a pretty sturdy cover and seemed durable but just not pleased with the size difference.
I actually really loved this gate. Unfortunately, I used it for only a few weeks with puppies, and by the time they were 6 weeks old, they were able to break off the rods and sneak out! First it was the panel with the gate, so we removed that panel. The next night they did the same thing to the next panel. I can't return it, since I ordered it in advance and held onto it until I needed it. Bummer, I really loved the way it looked and worked until it didn't.
Not water proof by any means Love the idea worked great... and then he went in the lake... the first one stopped working... a week later we tried the second one.. same thing.. now they both are dead and i have to search for an alternative..
The product came fast and was excited to have my dog try these. Unfortunately, he did not like any of the 3 flavors (Breath Buster Bites Variety Pack) and spit them out immediately. So much for trying something new. I had to go back to order the original ones. : (
I can't recommend.this, it's.only been on our dogs collar a couple.weeks now and.it's getting hard to read the smaller numbers on it. It did look nice when I received it, two weeks of wear and I'm disappointed with the quality. If it's engraved its not done very deep.
Arrived with the wood dented and was missing some hardware (wing nut)
I love this product, I really do, but the price is outrageous. I can't afford it even though my chickens love it and it smells great.
I thought this would be a great bed for my Boston Terrier puppy and it is except it's so easily chewed apart! I needed to mend it in the first week, gave it back to him today and need to mend it again. I would not recommend this bed, I'm sorry to say waste of money.
Price is great but came with yellowish stains all over the striped one (not very noticeable but definitely disappointing)
it scratches very easy.
I bought this feeder a little over four months ago. Up to now it has been great. But it is starting to make a noise like it is malfunctioning even though it is still working. Nothing has happened to it and it should last longer than this.
Like the headline says, good for the price but I received a defective product. The dispenser looks and feels kind of cheap but works rather well. Considering the price point, I think it's a good value. One of the rolls I received had slices on more than half the bags. Make sure you check the bags before picking up...
Still Slid on floor and dogs left drips. So it didn't solve my problem and I sent it back Looks modern
I'm sure they are good quality, but my cat hated them.
Definitely shocks and beeps, BUT it does anytime noise is loud.
Cute but falling apart after a couple weeks
My dog was able to slide this off her head; even though it was blown up as much as we could.
Too much watery gravy and the cats don't like the chunks- I won't buy again.
Used large for my 90 pound lab, fit great, easily adjustable. Broke after 6 months, the harness tore from the front strap and is useless now. I will be looking for another brand. Maybe I got a bad one but should not be tearing so easily, should be designed for the pull of a large dog.
I reviewed the measurements and bought what thought would fit, it's the right size it's just too tight in the neck and legs , there is no stretch to them to fit over the dogs head and legs, no give
The zipper broke easy when my dog pulled on it.
It works very well, the button is handy for using my foot to turn it off & on. I find it very difficult to change the battery, the screw just will not turn it straight or completely. My cats came running the first time I started his but became completely bored with it within 15 minutes.
To be honest I'm quite disappointed in this product the only thing that works is the beeping and it stays up one level, the vibration is really the only good thing about it and the shocking part that's supposed to lightly shock your pet doesn't even work properly, I'm dissatisfied with this product completely. The shock part of the caller could use some more work.
Broke after second time using it. I have a little 5 lb. dog
Not a fan, had no impact on my dog. Worked to irritate the neighbors though!
Very cheaply made. It came missing most of the screws needed to put it together and other parts are just stapled together, which were coming out already when I took it out of the box. I had to buy the extra screws, fabric glue, and super glue to make this work. Guess you get what you pay for.
I was disappointed to find four decent sized antlers and then a bunch of pin-needles that would be dangerous to give to dogs. I hope that the company did not just stuff small ones in there to fulfil the weight it says on the product page. :( I tossed the pin-needles away, and I proably won't be buying from these guys anymore.
Does not deter my Chihuahua from barking.
Haven't had these a month and they are falling apart. The hem on the straps are coming apart.
It worked fine at first. Doesn't work now. the Heating light is on but no heat comes from it. I've tried changing the temperature and nothing. When I pull it out of the tank it heats up for a bit but then doesn't heat after I put it back in
Did not work very well. The dogs got used to it and now just ignore it
The leash was good before it ripped. My dog is 45 pounds, order the medium, she is strong and pulls sometimes, but is not a persistent puller. The leash ripped and is no longer usable after 4 months...
Defective. Burned out after 2 weeks of use. I am very disappointed.
I like the collar itself a lot - however my dog tends to pull at times and I worry about the metal buckle pressing against her throat. This would be a great collar for a well behaved dog (which mine is not all of the time) but any dogs that pull I would worry about the pressure
This bone was quickly chewed to little bits.
This item is not machine washable. I put it in once and it's now really lumpy. The color faded very quickly.
Smells nice but very dusty
Put on our 94 pound, 18 month old dottie and adjusted all straps as directed. Harness would not stay in place and kept slipping to the side. Strap adjustment points create pressure points on dog
This harness is great when it comes to the looks and the velcro. It looks simple yet better looking than a regular harness. The velcro makes it very easy to get it off and on the dog and they usually don't seem to care about it when I put it on which is great. However, the harnesses I got didn't really last for me. On one of the harnesses I ordered, the buckle part snapped off with a little bit of rough play. As for the other harness, I put my dog on the leash and he started to run just a little, but when the leash tugged on the metal ring it was attached to, the fabric holding that piece just ripped apart and detached from the harness. Overall a good looking product and I still like how easy it is to put on my dogs, but probably not the best choice for dogs that are just a little rambunctious as it probably won't last.
The straps broke the first time we used one so we will be sending them back sorry!
My cat wouldn't touch it- was more like minced that pate-
For the money I guess this is OK but it doesn't seem to work as well says on the box
The product came loose in a manilla envelope. I made sure to wash it immediately as that is disgusting. The product itself was surprisingly heavy for my little dog but has held interest for a bit.
My Morkie is about 3-1/2 lbs and within a day or so figured out how to lift the bowl out of the holder dumping all the food in the process. She can push the whole thing all over the floor and pick up the end dumping out the water. Cute idea but not good for her.
Well, it seemed like a great idea as a way to lock our big dog outside, and small dogs inside without them having to be let out to potty while we were gone for a few hours during the day. Reality . . . it un-potty trained them. So, now they pee on the rug, or this mat, whichever is closer. So, if you buy this, don't expect them to just use it right away without some training.
Not easy to install - too many small parts that need to be held together simultaneously while securing to door. Have had another brand of door that came in two solid pieces, one for each side of the door, screwed together-- This door is not like that. This door is two frame pieces, and 4 inner wall pieces that are very hard to hold in place all at once will securing the two frame pieces. This door is also wider than the average size dog door and we had to cut a wider opening to accommodate- also this door is shorter in height and there was a large gap to be filled on top and bottom. Last issue with the door which is prompting a replacement-- the rigid flap was moderately hard for my small dogs to open and after less than a year, broke in half with continued use. We came home to a door with a sharp edge that could have injured my dogs after it broke expectantly. Not sure if this was due to cold weather, but we will in coastal MS so our lowest temperatures are never as cold as other parts of the country.
I like the size and design of this mat. It does seem to magnetically attract dirt, dust & fur. BUT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A LIGHT SKY BLUE OR TURQUOISE COLOR - BEWARE :: this color was a much more bright neon blue - quite ugly. Returning it because the color was misrepresented online.
My cat had no interest in this toy. I donated it to Goodwill
Some bells did not ring or had a soft clanging noise. Not loud enough to be heard.
It might work for dogs with mild anxiety, but I think my dog's is too severe for this to be effective
I am annoyed with the price fluctuations on this product, sometimes it is extremely reasonable and other times it costs more than getting a whole new filtration system. I have researched alternative filters in great depth and I have not found any other ones that are compatible with this system. I did not replace it yet because I it is really great for my cats' preferences and I hate to waste plastic for no reason, but I will avoid the brand next time.
My puppy showed zero interest in this. I know a lot of puppies love it, he just never cared for it. When he got a little older, he tore it up.
Turned out to be ineffective. the rubber prongs almost all day off in an hour. was picking them up constantly as I walked him despite fitting him correctly
I'm disappointed in this tunnel because the quality seems pretty low. The four tunnels need more support to keep them straight. As it is now, the material is wrinkly and folds in on itself. The cats went right in, but this would be so much better if it just kept it's shape. The tunnels are also narrower than our old one, which isn't preferable for our 12 pound kitties.
This thing is a heavy, hallow, smooth, hard plastic sphere. My Rottweilers can't get their mouth on it so they push it around and swat it with their paws. Personally I think it was a waste of money and wouldn't buy again.
This product is a very thin unsturdy bed
The metal spring poked out of the end of the tube within days. I had to throw it out since I didn't want a cat to poke their eye out. We've had other brands of tubes like this that lasted for more than a year.
Shocks when other dogs bark. Only good in a single dog home.
The box looked like it was rolled down the stairs to the basement. Several of the cans were dented. Don't want to return it— too heavy to deal with but would like replacement
Product came with the plastic case undone. There were also areas of the handle that look like they have been used as well making me believe I was sent someone else's return. Company's quality control needs to be better. Amazon customer service was great in helping me return this item.
Used this product and have to say that I was quite dissapointed with this product. It came with two bottles of this remover. I followed the instructions verbatim and I will admit it didn't seem to make much of a difference. I cannot say I would use it again .. I found the home remedies that I ended up using much more effective.
Not happy they have changed the formula since my last order. My 16 year old dog now has loose stools or seems to strain at times and doesn't seem to be doing well since I've been giving her the new formula. I guess I will have to find a new food after being happy with this food for years. Very disappointed with Victor, If it's not broke DON'T fix it.
Very flimsy and doesn't seem very safe. The pvc poles aren't sewn in so they fall out. I don't think this is actually safe for my dog
Not for bunny, it's way too small. My bunnies head can barely fit into it and I have a dwarf bunny that's still a baby
The price was good. But I guess you get what you pay for. I bought this to train my dog. Worked well for about 2 weeks then the receiver did want to sync.
Doesn't clip well and is too wide to stay in place
I had been buying this light for my son's bearded dragons for a good amount of time but this time around they burn up after two days.
This product did not work for our very small area of artificial grass. I followed the directions as the bottle stated and it actually made the smell worse. Two (2) stars because the bottle was easy to use with our hose.
Broke so fast such a cheap material for the actual leash part. The outside is cute color but I really wish I could get my money back.
Not sure whether they are old stock or just cheap cells, but the batteries Didn't even last a month before I noticed they were already blinking red. Went ahead and ordered from Invisible fence, even though they are 3x the cost of these they last at least 3x as long and I don't have to worry about my dogs getting out because of a bad battery.
I ordered large size an royal blue color And I got small size and some green color That is definitely not what I ordered!!!!!!
I used this to protect the wall from the hanging swiffer wet jet , broom, mops, dusters. It's nice and thick and definitely clear but I put it on a little bit crooked the first time and it did pull the paint off the wall when I removed it to re-adjust. Thankfully this is in the closet. I would be hesitant to use it on my front door or anywhere the paint could be obviously ruined.
The head still contains stuffing so our dogs tore them apart so fast. Squeaker gets punctured easily and the toy is done. Not for extreme chewers.
My dog didn't like this much. I have no idea why not but he pretty much turned his nose up at it.
I tried to contact the seller one on one because I did not want to post this on here, but I am finding it hard to believe that I paid $300 for a cage that looks used. I get my furry babies in TOMORROW MORNING and this cage is scratched up and has a weird smell. I'm desperate enough to use it at this point because I need a cage and I bought this one thinking it was going to be perfect. The cage itself looks awesome, but why does it look and smell like it was used. This is incredibly disappointing. I am so frustrated because you can't just snap your fingers and make 300 dollars out of nowhere, big waste. Next time I'm just going to have to go to a store. Did this happen to anyone else? Is it scratched up because of the box?
These are cheap copies of item previously carried by Walmart. The latex is much thinner and does not hold up to puppy play. They are still loved by the dogs but you have to keep a close eye on them as the pups tear them apart, remove the noise maker and then shred the latex bodies while spreading the filler all over!!!
It has a lock button on it (or that's what I assumed it was supposed to be)... apparently the lock button doesn't do anything. This will leak. Not bad when you only fill up and empty at the park but don't try to have it filled in the car.
Base/floor of carrier should be made of plastic as the odor from pet accidents linger due to material type.
Product works well but there are lots of unnecessary sprays if used in a high traffic area (kitchen counter for instance). Also, if not used on a regular basis the product escapes and when you go to use it the can is empty. It is to expensive not to be able to count on can remaining stable.
Sprayed it on the bottom of the door and the dog still chewed on it.
Puppy absolutely LOVED this, too bad it only worked for one night and broke! We were devastated as we thought we finally had something that would help him to sleep throughout the night.
I have bought these in the past and I am so disappointed in the size of it. Its tiny. I didn't see anything about different sizes. Very disappointed. And it doesn't even squeak.
Don't say it fits small dogs. Say it will fit 15 lbs and up. Have no idea if it will work as it is too big and mostly too heavy for my dog.
Ours didn't..ever..glow. But its there.
I don't know if I got a bad batch or if it was super old or if it was supposed to be that way, but it was brown, super stinky and my cat (who loves that flavor combination) refused to eat it.
Super strong but hell on the hands. Not comfortable at all!!!
It is suppose to come with two dishes and it only comes with one
Dog never touched them besides the initial "OK I take it because you force it". Wasted expense. But it depends on a dog .
This is easy to clean, but bulky and hard to use. I don't use it because it's hard to use and my dog doesnt like it either
Edit: The company reached out and refunded my money. Awesome customer service but the product recieved should match what is advertised. I purchased both a cat collar and a dog collar. The cat collar I recieved was as advertised but the dog collar was not. It's frustrating to research a product just to receive the wrong thing.
hard to put on and clip to hold tight against lower mouth wont stay and slips and he ducks right out of it
These are great for bird beds but this was too small for my conure. It would be good for finch or parakeet
I was expecting a more durable material. My dogs still enjoy them as they always do with squeaky balls, but they do not last. Maybe my dogs are just too big for the balls. Description said SMALL to Medium dogs. These are good for small dogs, but not medium dogs.
Assumed for the price the product would be a lot larger.
clips are stiff and difficult to use
If you're looking for a thin net that barely reaches your kneecaps in height to somewhat cover an average doorway with cheap command-like hooks, then you've found what you need. I, on the other hand, was very disappointed. Even for the great price, it wasn't worth it.
Ordered 3, first one works great. Last two not so much. Sometimes they will open a lot of times not. Brand new batteries
We have had this Whistle for about one week. It shows that my blind dog has traveled all around the farm when I know she has not. The GPS tracking is just not very good.
I have am on the 4th package of Catit Grass - the last two packs of seeds were duds that did not take root and grow. The one that I just planted only had two shoots -- both me and the cat were very disappointed. The one before this only had 1/3 of the normal growth.
My cast stopped using the litter box because she couldn't stand the powerful scent
Weak carbon & over priced
This thing was huge sent bag...can't imagine walking with something the size of a tv remote. Collar part was ok.
Did not work on the dog at all
This was wonderfully effective for a month. Then it stopped working altogether. Even full, with a fresh battery, it just didn't work. It's too expensive to replace monthly, so I guess I'll have to find another solution to the barking..
Puppy eventually bit through harness, not for strong chewers. Used twice.
Smaller than advertised
Just what the headline says.
The lavender scent is non-existent and this litter does nothing for odor control. I was using World's Best in the original formula and thought the lavender would be a better alternative but I was wrong. My apartment starts to smell like cat urine as soon as my cat uses his litter box and the smell lingers for hours after I clean it out. I recommend sticking with the original unscented version.
I'm on my third week which means I've replaced the filters 3 times. I have not seen any observable difference in nitrate levels. This is including doing weekly water changes. I have these filters in the highest flow area of my tank. These do not seem to be magic nitrate removers. I'll give them another 2 weeks and see what is what but I'm probably going to try a reactor.
Way too small, need to order 1 to 2 sizes larger.
The snaps for the top scared my dog so it was hard to put on.
The price is right. The only thing is they don't last long. Already went through 7 in the past 6 months.
This leash is made for PULLERS. It's handle is large. Even the clip is large. I have a 20 pound cavachon and this leash is huge on him. It's also much shorter than others we have.
This is a complicated one, because I really liked the product when I saw it online. However, the reality is that my bunny did not like this litter box at all! She would not use it as she had used her previous cat litter box. Further Internet research led me to believe it is because rabbits like to (or need to) ingest their feces while they feed on their hay, and this was not possible with the plastic tray with the holes. So we had to go back to the old cat litter box for her, she seems much happier now, and she always goes in the litter box instead of on the floor of her pen. Therefore, I do not recommend this product for bunnies, but it may work for other small animals such as guinea pigs, large hamsters, etc.
Only 2 out of the 7 worked.
Lasted 2 days and the squeaker fell out.
The groves and notches get in the way of cleaning. I was happy to find a white, tall sided box but not easy to clean.
Nice set up but takes a stud finder and a couple hours to hang. My cats had trouble navigating the posts, so I didn't use them. The cats jump from a cat tower to the nearer large piece
My dogs are major chewers and they destroyed them within 30 minutes. The toys are not thick plastic Probably better for a puppy
Have a chocolate lab and two babies under 1, so we needed to control her barking. Only has a decent effect of every setting is turned up to the 7 max, and now 5 months later all the plastic surrounding the screws has cracked and fallen off, so am about to start looking into another one :(
Pool was exactly as promised. However it is not that durable. My lab tore the bottom by running around in first 10 minutes. It's probably more suitable for smaller dogs.
All my dogs absolutely hated these. I have 5lb Chihuahua, 30 lb reg Chihuahua, 30 lb Catahoula, & 60lb Catahoula.
Headline says it all....itll charge, itll turn on for 2 seconds then turn off and refuses to work after that.
Bowls are advertised for a medium dog. The bowls are TINY. Missed the return window by one day because I was traveling, which is even more annoying. I have a medium dog and she can barely fit her head into these bowls.
This is not a durable product. The first one cracked within five months. The company sent a new one, which broke in a different place. Granted we live in Arizona and the sun is harsh, but I would have expected a product with high ratings to last longer.
medium was way too small, chart is not right so maybe a large
I know this product is made by Kong, but the treat holder broke the same day the product was shipped to me. I bought a Kong product because my dog likes to chew and I am a fan of their other products. My dog loved it, but it didn't last the way a Kong should.
I give two stars because it didn't really work for my dog when comparing to the other product I bought. It's not very sensitive enough.
I thought the entry said this bowl was 5 inches in diameter. It's much larger. I am mistaken, or perhaps they sent me the wrong one.
I have been buying bully sticks from another supplier but they were temporally out of the product. I purchased this product because the picture they showed seemed to show bully sticks comparable to the ones I used to buy. They were much smaller than I expected. I managed to get some from my previous supplier and will keep these as a backup. I think my dog was disappointed in these bully sticks.
Gave this to my 60# dog on November 28th. By December 9th it was halfway torn apart. My dog torn off 4 of the 8 straps at one end after 2 days. Once those were gone, I spent the next week cutting off the rope strands as she continued to unravel them. Guessing 1 more week and it will be gone. Expected it to last way longer based on other reviews. I gave this 2 stars only because the idea is great, it's just poorly made.
This product didn't keep my small tank filtered very well
My pet was not attracted to this product at all.
I though this would be a simple costume for my dog. But the sizing isn't quite right. In fact if you have a big dog, then just forget it. If you try to stretch it out it will just rip. Also. The rider doesn't stay up right and falls to one side. Definitely needs some more thinking put into it.
Really cute, but doesn't fit. I got a large for my 26 pound French Bulldog and he looks like a busted can of biscuits.
This thing is not a booster
not work as expected
dogs tired of them quickly
It's vary nice my dog loves it but I had ordered two of them the large ones and they sent a large and a small
Did as instructed and she still has fleas. I am going to be trying other methods not sure if it helps others but didn't help mine.
Only worked for three weeks.
I liked this product at first. However once the dogs got use to it is became worthless. I have two, one in the front of the house and one at the back. Had to start keeping them both on high and the dogs would just continue barking. Again, they worked great the first month! *This asks about remotes. No remote with this item.
Ive been rinsing continuously for more than 20 mins and water is still running very dark.Its like rinsing tar.Cant place this in my tank.
Arrived in 100 pieces
Did not improve anything.
Didn't last very long.
As soon as I took this out of the package, I got nervous. It's literally like a paper thin, plastic sheet. Firstly, there is no mark on the dial so that you know it's on. Secondly, it doesn't seem to get very warm. I think I have it on the highest setting but who knows when you have no dial. Not sure if I can actually put it under the tank and have it be effective. It never had directions to tell me if I even used it right.
My puppy peed one time and it goes straight through. It does not absorb well at all.
The first can I opened after delivery was in bad shape, the contents smelled rotten, and had to be discarded. The second can's contents when opened were OK. Please replace the can mentioned above ASAP. Thanks.
The screen mesh separated from the zipper after only 2 trips with my dog. Also, one of the snap buttons fell out of the cover immediately. My dog is older and not hyperactive. She doesn't bite or pull on the cover. It's because of poor construction.
I have a 60 LB Golden Retriever, The XL are way too small..
Measured and purchased according to size chart (size 5). Did not fit my large male Doberman. Too wide around and to short on the muzzle (pushed on tip of his nose). Appeared to be great quality, too bad it didn't work out.
The boots fit well and don't slip off due to the two velcro straps. They are long, and take a while to put on. HOWEVER, after less than 10 walks on smooth sidewalks they have holes in the soles and toe areas. These are NOT robust enough for dogs that tend to drag their paws - like German Shepherds.
These ropes are great for a puppy not an adult dog.
Not soft. Don't put soft in the title if it's not soft. I have a picky dog.
was great for a year and then it started to dim more and more I dont think it will be long before its toast!....and It never touched water or got wet....what a dissapointment! save your money and buy something else!
The underneath side has deteriorated and flaked off all over my new car.
Honestly, the size is amazing for my bunny. Great large wide cage love love LOVE the size. but absolutely HATE the way its built. so many damn pieces, it is so hard to get the top of the cage on to the bottom without a five minute battle. Makes cleaning so dreadful. I have figured out zip ties in ever corner and every where really secures it to be sturdy. but seriously, I don't know how any one can give this a 5 stars with no issues with it what so ever. PLEASE make this cage better.
Sent pink. I do not understand why this keeps happening. Other customers said this happened to them, but I thought they would have resolved this by the time I placed my order.
I loved this water bottle, and my dog also loved this water bottle, but after about a month or so of use, it has stopped working. It stopped dispensing water. I wish it worked better because I thought it was so nifty.
2 stars packaging could and should be better!!!! My product was leaking. Wasn't sealed as it should of been inside the packaging.
Worked as expected for about 6 months. Unfortunately, the noise has become unbearable. There is an impeller in the unit that spins on a very thin rod. The plastic propellers now catch something in the unit frequently causing loud rubbing sound a scaring the fish. Had to throw out.
I like this cat food and so does my cat. The box came sealed but inside the package was cut open as if with a box cutter. The cut to the package was from side to center. It was not from top to bottom, like the opening to the box, so I know I didn't cut it. I could hear the food loose in the box before I opened it. Amazon will not refund money until they received the return. I'd need to reorder immediately for it to arrive in time. I don't want to be out of pocket cost of bag X 2. In short, don't order in a time crunch. Amazon seems to have no interest in reporting the damage to the shipping facility for quality control measures.
They kind of work. Getting the hair off the gloves is more work than just brushing the dog
These are not premium nor are they durable. My 14 week old puppy has destroyed all of them. I've given more ball hair cuts this week than I ever have before. Don't waste your money. Stick with Kong.
Doesn't work very well. Put it in rock area right by my neighbors fence where there dog constantly barks at mine and did absolutely nothing.
dog chewed through the strap making this useless
Measured dog but sizing seems small. They seem like good quality but just too small for my sweet boy.
Well this didn't last long because my dog chewed it up. So all the inside material was coming out so had to throw it out. She is still a puppy so I would probably wait until your pet is past the teething stages. This didn't work well for our French Bulldog. She needed something cooler and that worked faster. I believe our tile floor worked just as well for her. This may work fine for pets that don't have problems controlling their body temperature better than a Frenchie.
Ok obviously it's cheap. It lasted about a minute with my pit.
Very cute but it's way too big for my girl. I'm afraid the small will be too big too.
As soon as I went out with them on my keyring the whistle part fell off and were lost.
I have this item on auto-subscribe and use it as a treat I can bring with me on walks. Normally, the treats are nice bite size cubes. This latest batch was mostly shards and powder and impossible to use except as a food topper. Not sure whether I will continue buying
Didn't slow the barking even a little bit.
Metal bent pretty much instantly in the snow. Do not buy or attempt to use in cold temps.
The water cascading into the bowl is very, very loud. My cat wasn't drawn to the flowing water, just drank out of the top part, not even the bottom bowl. Gonna keep looking for a replacement to my plastic fountain.
While it was still wet and drying, it gave a great clove scent like others have said. When it dries though, the urine smell returned, even though there was no new pet urine and the area had been rinsed extensively prior to applying this product.
Mine broke at zippers it broke the day i got it.
Very good cat food, limited ingredients. My cats love it. Although I thought I was buying the 15lb bag for $20.00, not the 5lb bag. Will not purchase again here as a local store I can purchase a 5lb bag for $10.00
Very, very thin and flimsy bags. Not ok for a big dog.
Missing some screws so its not balanced and scares the crap out of my cat
The clasp buckle broke after two months,too bad
Did not hold up, dog chewed it up. A SMALL dog.
Not sure how or why but there is seepage. The floor still gets wet beneath the pad
After only four days of use, we had the wet puddle issue in the bottom of the box, with three cats, using two litter boxes... I notified PetSafe and they were very sympathetic, sending me a fresh batch, which I'm hoping will work better. I'll update my review, once I see an improvement
This product WORKS!! My very mouthy pups, learned quickly to stop barking....HOWEVER, I have had it 4 days and had to charge it 2 times already. I have turned it off after each use, and also the dogs have not barked hardly at all with the second charge, yet its still dead within a day. If it lasted the month or two like stated it would truly be a miracle worker, however you may as well charge it every night which is very frustrating and time consuming.
My cats worn this for about a week indoors and the threads are already coming unwound and getting that fuzz
I have a Jack Russell Terrier and it was too big for his mouth.
These are not like the catnip bubbles I have used in the past. They are SO thick and glue like that they land as full bubbles and just stay that way until they leave a circle of glue were they have landed or on the cat. I will say the wand makes A LOT of bubbles which other ones I have tried have not. But my cat wanted nothing to do with them as they were so weird and thick and mucked up her whiskers instead of just popping.
Used this 4 days ago and still no change in water. After a couple if weeks now and useless. Changed out whole tank and used new products. Problem solved.
Did not work too well for us and our cat. Your results may vary.
My review is only based on receiving it, I have not had a chance to use it yet. I only received 2 seeds and 2 soils instead of 3. When I opened the Amazon box nothing was even in the box, everything had fallen out. I double checked the box and the missing soil and seeds were not in there. I was looking forward to getting this growing, but will probably end up returning.
I found these would not cut my lab/poodle mix dog. She is 22 lbs and I could not get this though her mats. They did not seem very sharp. She is also very sensitive to anyone handling her so I could not work it very hard.
Disappointed that it didn't come with a carrying strap or handles. It's difficult to hold onto and carry with my dog inside.
EDIT: We purchased this remote training collar almost exactly 2 months ago. It worked pretty well for those 2 months. We loved the features it has and appreciated the price. However, from day one, the static correction button (was poorly made) would get stuck if pushed, so we couldn't use it. About a week ago, I turned on the remote and it started beeping and the screen kept flashing. Now it won't stay on for more than 2 seconds. Would I purchase another? The answer is no. My next training collar will be less budget friendly, and hopefully much better quality. ORIGINAL REVIEW: We purchased this product to assist us training our 7 month old great dane. It is really great so far, especially for the price! It has several great features. We love that there is a lock/unlock switch on the remote to prevent accidental corrections. It is also nice that we can turn the remote off when it is not being used. We like that the static level is adjustable, and that we also have the beep and vibrate options. The collar fits our dog nicely right now, but she still has a lot of growing to do. It remains to be seen if she will outgrow this collar. The fact that you can train up to 9 dogs using the one remote is nice, although we only need it for one dog at the moment. Additionally, the remote and the receiver charge pretty quickly. Now the cons. The receiver is quite big and bulky. It would look completely ridiculous on a small dog. The receiver prongs are not centered (they are on the bottom), so the collar sits kind of awkwardly on the dog's neck. The receiver has no on/off button should you wish to turn it off. The set comes with only one charge cord, so you have to charge the remote and/or receiver one at a time. Also, this training collar did not come with anything to test the static like some other training collars do. If you want to test it out, you have to zap yourself to know if it is working. Overall, great for the price and has several nice features.
The plastic parts for the front metal gate are horrible
These cannot be real bully sticks. The only good thing about this product was the quantity of sticks for the price, but that should be an indicator. My beagle can get through 1 of these sticks in about 5 minutes. To compare a store bought REAL bully stick takes him about 3 HOURS. Granted the store bought bully sticks are $3 a stick and a little thicker but nothing crazy. I grabbed these on the lightning deal for a good price, but I would never buy again. Save your money.
There were alot of good reviews, which is why I bought them; however, what I've discovered is they didn't work for me. My area has always been a battle with fleas, so if there's a major problem of fleas I wouldn't recommend this product. I give these vitamins to my doggy everyday and it has been longer than a month-which is also something I wasn't aware of until I bought them, it takes a month for it to be effective-and she still comes in from outside with fleas in which the fleas will stay on her until I do something about getting rid of them.
Label says 50 count but only contain 25.
Even baby guppies can barely fit in this breeder box, adults will not have any space in side. I like the design, but not the size
The dog's charm broke almost instantly. Super disappointed. Gave 2 stars b/c it was cute & a neat idea but unfortunately it had poor quality.
the glitter inside the chest comes off easily. The chest remains open at all time, it doesn't open and close
Great toy. My dog loved it but a 30lb dog already tore it up. I thought originally it was a very good fabric but unfortunately not as good as I thought. Once the dog started chewing it he started choking as the fabric hit his throat. Had to cut that piece off and now I have to watch him very carefully.
My Pit/Boxer mix destroyed this within a few days. She is a chewer so I was looking for something more durable for her, but for the cost it should have lasted longer.
I was really excited about finding a reasonably good liking and small training collar for my 5lb Papillon puppy. Unfortunately, the COLLAR goes in to sleep mode. WTF? So, overtime you o outside you have to get the dog collar and turn it on.... Not very helpful if you are seeing a bad behavior and grab the remote (which powers up quickly) but OOPS the collar has gone into sleep mode. mine appears to do this in about 3 minutes of activity. I've recharged it hoping that it would stay awake longer. Nope. and does not reconnect with remote until you manually turn on the collar again. Please fix this as this has been a deal breaker for me. And you only learn this "feature" when you read the instructions AFTER you get it.
Simply didn't fit my dog.
At first I really liked this harness, it holds up well to my dog pulling on it with full force. Maybe it's just my dog, but no matter how tight I make it, he keeps getting out of it. He does a little shimmy in reverse and he can get out of it fairly quickly. Didn't have this problem with his previous harness. He has gotten out of it three times now, time to order a different harness before he gets out and runs into traffic on a walk.
I love it! My bird is terrified unfortunately.
My dog chewed this toy and shredded it in less than five minutes :). Had to throw it out because he was eating the rubber.
Haven't used item but rating based on receiving open box with missing oil. Instructions first step before use, oil.
It broke. On the third use. The buckle snapped and cut my finger. So I bought a halti. Out of the two, I like the halti more because this one would ride into his eye if he pulled.
These filters leave charcoal residue in the bottom of my fountain after one week of use. I did not have that experience with other brands.
This is nothing like described! When you go to dump the mat like the instructions tell you, it doesn't work and just pours out everywhere! It's great for catching litter but that's about it! It's prime function seems to be making a mess.
Not as sturdy as indicated.
The screen protector is not crystal clear. Because it's a full coverage screen protector, it lifts on the edge from your case. I would not recommend this primarily due to the cloudiness and the interference with my cases.
We've been using this wheel for a few months now. We have a teddy bear hamster that outgrew the smaller wheel that came with her cage. The first one of these we had to return because the wheel was cracked when it was delivered. The replacement works okay. It's just thick, heavy material so she doesn't use it as much because there's so much resistance to make it go. I have adjusted the yellow knob. No improvement. It's just a heavy wheel.
Smells nice. Foams nicely. Washes your dog. Does not kill fleas.
Noticable smaller then the ones from the 4 pack and sloppily put together
I got this in the mail Monday the 25th of June when I opened it, it looked pretty unappetizing, Candy would not try it. I put it in the refrigerator for a while and tried again. She tried it but you could tell by the look on her face she didn't care for it. We managed to get one can down her, but when I to try to feed her this morning she wouldn't eat it. She has been eating the pure balance beef stew recipe and likes it a lot better. We will be going back to that.
I'm still getting spots
I bought this feeder for travel and didn't open the box immediately since I was waiting for my trip. When opened, there are no stainless bowls in the box even though the description says that is included. My advice is to check the box immediately when you receive it to ensure you get what you paid for. I could have bought a storage container for a whole lot less than I paid for this!
Arrived on time. But it doesn't work on my puppy.
I don't like this syringe at all. It is very difficult to feed my African Grey using this syringe, because the plunger is so tight that you can barely push it down. I can not recommend this product.
This leash is for a poodle but not for a 60 pounds dog
The product was not very durable and one shoe was too small and kept slipping off of her foot. Returned package but did not receive refund.
Even with it being bacon flavored, my dog still would rather chew on my hand... Seems well made, but my dog just doesn't like it :(
We have been using the Salmon Recipe for a couple of years - really good for coats, less dandruff. The problem we are facing is that the formula changes very often. Dry food varies in color and size between bags. Last one, the bites are smaller, darker ad cats don't seem to like it. Also, over the last year it is more difficult to find the 12 lbs bag available. Amazon does not accept returns for dry food. We are going to switch to different brand.
These are pads for humans...not dogs or puppy. Very disappointed with purchase.
One of those good ideas that you don't actually use and it takes up room in your utility closet. Yes it does get hair but so does my vaccum and broom. It's not as easy to use as a broom even if it does pick up more hair in one go.
WONT OPEN ENOUGH TO PICK UP ANYTHING OVER A HALF INCH.
I have been purchasing this product for my dog for years but something about this bottle seems different. The pills are rock solid to the point that I cannot break them in half. They also have a different scent from what I am used to. I usually love this product but I'm concerned there is something wrong with this particular bottle. Please advise.
Looks perfect but spring broke in under 5 months. Wouldn't recommend it. The one I bought at Walmart years ago lasted for 4 yrs and the reason why I tossed it was because it was shredded from my happy cats nails.
We haven't had this light for even a year and it already doesn't work, The light just flickers and won't come on, Can we fix it or is it still under warranty?
These diapers did not work well at all on my great dane. It was difficult to get them to stay in place and the elastic around the legs as well as the especially large tail hole led to her lady bits hanging out of the tail part and leakage around the legs despite having the diaper well secured in place. There is nothing in the diaper itself to aid in absorbancy. In fact, the nylon/polyester-like material almost resisted liquid absorption. I ended up much happier doing a bit of a craft project with pampers and masking tape to make her a custom doggie diaper and thereby avoiding the mess these were continuing to cause.
Made a loud humming noise when at 40-60% power. Quite when at 100%. When I took it out of the water it had a strong electrical burning smell. Maybe because it was new? Tech support was slow and horrible. I just returned the item
My African Grey loved the toy,but she is a little destructive.She had it taken apart in about 48 hrs.I put it back together and even super glued the little rings that holds the spoons.Well she managed to take it apart again.
If you need to use it on your back good luck unless you have someone to do it for you. I like the gel application better.
These are actually made for British dog-tags. They fit the American tags but they tend to come off a lot.
There was hardly enough salmon in the bag and then another order came in two days after.
Read the comments and they seemed great, but it's so crooked and falls apart due to very cheap material. I could have purchased something else for the same price that actually stood up correctly! Fully screwed in as well.
Product was fresh and chicks liked it, or at least what was crumbled. I trust Purina nutrition. However I won't buy this again because of the fines, chicks won't eat them and they clog feeders. I had to screen the feed and it was at least 40% fines (powder).
UPDATE: It has ripped at the seams completely from the drivers side to the passengers side. I'm super disappointed because I was really liking the design and how it fit in my car. I'm not sure if it was because my dog is a large dog or it it's poorly made. My dog dog not scratch at the seat cover or do anything to make me believe it was because of something he was doing, he just lays there. Anyway maybe this would be a better seat cover if you had smaller dogs /: Fits nicely in my 2010 Subaru Outback and is very easy to install. I have a 72 lbs. German Shorthaired Pointer who loves to go hiking in the woods, play at the lake and at the dog park. That also means he gets wet/dirty/muddy on pretty much every outing. This seat cover has been a huge relief of not having to wash the whole inside of the car AND the dog after taking him somewhere.
I bought this for my 10 week old kitten, because my 2 year old cat wouldn't share her personal tower. I read that the top of the tower was small in diameter, but that didn't deter me since it was mostly for my small kitten and eventually for my petite (8 pound) cat. The hanging ball fell off in just 2 days after some regular swatting from the both of them. It's also pretty flimsy as towers go. The cats love it, though. So I didn't have the heart to return it. I will say, my 8 pound cat fits in it nicely. My kitten (now 10 months old and 12 pounds) has since outgrown it.
It's not much quieter than my other hair dryers. Also, I'm not exactly sure how to work the stand. It doesn't clip in or anything.
Super cute but my dog destroyed in 1 day
The price was right, but our cats didn't care for it. They always left the little pieces in their bowl, so something in this recipe they really didn't care for.
I was very happy at first. But we rotate it with 3 other sweaters. After 3 months it's coming apart at the seams. It's not a cheap item. For the price, I expected a longer life.
The product is a good concept, replace stuffing with rope. The squeaker is a nice touch as well. However both the fir material and the rope material were pretty sub-par. The fur was ripped into tiny shreds in about an hour of supervised chew/play. Then the rope came out and it broke multiple times while playing tug (with a 40lb dog). Expected better from Kong.
Medium fits more like a Chihuahua or maybe just a bit bigger
Flimsy plastic. The squirrels thanked me for hanging such an easy feeder for them to break into.
One pair of scissors isn't as sharp as it should be for being a brand new pair of scissors
A little difficult to put rolls into the small opening. Other than that, it seems to work at first. Just be sure on insertion of the roll, you leave a good inch or so of bag sticking out. Then the problem seems to start. The roll gets a little twisted and doesn't come out very good. I had to unzip it and realign the roll and pull out more like 2". Bottom line: pain in the rear (no pun intended).
Extremely powdery for some reason. Cats like it, but their dishes are caked with powder and I have to wash them every day to get the crust off.
I purchased this to help with having water get on my floor, but I have a large dog & when she drinks, she gets water everywhere & the water gets under the mat & holds water there. I feel this will eventually cause problems if the water sits on my floor for a while.
Remote stopped working and we've only had it a couple months. It stays in a bin too so it doesn't get used a ton
I buy hooves for four dogs; a Scottish Terrier, an English Springer Spaniel, a Schnauzer mutt, and a German Shepherd. I'm not sure how these particular hooves are processed but they are incredibly fragile and splinter like crazy. I've never see hooves splinter like this. Maybe they've been heat treated? After a week of picking up little bits all over my house, I'm done. Too bad- out of a bag of 25 I've only used 8 but I'm not going to hand out any more.
Dog won't eat unless it's mixed with wet food.
We have tile floors, and my dog is getting older so her back legs slip sometimes when she's in a hurry. I thought the stickers would bother her, but she didn't even move when I put them on her feet. They seemed to keep her from slipping, so then it was just a question of how long they would last since we walk several times a day on cement and grass. My husband and I went out for an hour and left our dog at home. When we got back, the stickers had been chewed off (not eaten, luckily).
Seemed good, dog used it, but then ate the stuffing out of the bottome
I am very disappointed in the color. The page shows a kelly green, but the harness that came to my door is a very bright neon green.
This brace is not working for my dog. She is able to remove it and it keeps slipping down. I can tighten it, however, it still slips. Not very sturdy.
Didn't see or smell much of a change.
This is a powerful pump but it rattled something terrible. I will be repacking it. Too loud for today's market.
The chemical smell is so horrific no critter would get near this thing! Cat will never go in it with that odor! Airing it out now ... hope it dissipates or I will return.
Really disappointed in the last 2 orders of these chews I received. The first package I bought was great! I have a 40lb Aussie mix who is a chewer. He took almost 2 weeks to go through one chew. The whole package lasted almost 2 months. The next package arrived and he went through one chew in a day or so. The package lasted 2 weeks (I don't give them every day). So I read some reviews that others were experiencing the same problems lately. I have company the benefit of the doubt and ordered again. Gave dog a chew and he literally ate it in 15 minutes. It crumbled apart like a milkbone. I won't be ordering these again.
These are very enjoyable for your cat, and, obviously, it's fun watching your cat have fun. However, over time, pieces break off and cats can swallow the pieces. Unless you closely monitor your cat's play, and remove bite-size broken pieces, I can't recommend this toy.
Wasn't a fan of these. They were somewhat hard and my dog didn't seem overly into eating them.
I took a break from assembling the cage because I couldn't get the holes aligned and when I started working on the stand I noticed that it also suffered from the same issue. The instructions didn't really say much but the cage should be easy to put together if the parts fit.
I purchased this to use when camping for my 8 week old puppy which only weighs 8 lbs.. The first time the puppy jumped on the side of it, it ripped along the top edge. The second time the puppy jumped on it, it fell over!! Not secure in any way. The last thing I did not like about it was that there are too many pieces on the inside of the playpen that the puppy can chew on. I would not recommend this product and I will be asking the company to issue a refund, especially since it ripped in the first 10 minutes of use.
I have owned many of these - between gerbils and our chinchilla, they just love to eat right through them. This one however failed to meet my expectations. I tried to attach it to the cage and the next day I found it on the floor. The screw had come completely out - apparently the hole drilled for the screw was too big and so it wouldn't stay attached to the cage. Very disappointed. I ended up just leaving it on the floor of the cage.
Sorry to say, I tried this inexpensive product and sadly both my cats still have fleas. This product was not effective after two doses.
Unstructured, flimsy bed with a thin mattress, thin bolsters and a horrible toxic smell. Comes compressed in a small bag, advising it will take days to take form and not stink.
Worked well for a couple days and then I noticed it wasn't always working every time my dog barked. I would be playing with my dog and if she moved a certain way it would go off without barking. Definitely don't want to discipline her for just playing so I had to take it off.
Didn't brush good and left lines on my husky. However, it maybe good for other dogs
My dog stopped eating them after about four treats, at one treat a day.
My kitty LOVED this toy but it stopped working within two weeks :( even with fresh batteries- it just won't spin around anymore...
didn't like. cheap material
My dogs love these, but the price really fluctuates . I just paid almost 12 dollars for a bag of 360 that I usually pay 5 or 6 dollars.
I've purchased this brand of testing products before and loved them and when I received this testing kit it all appeared well like usual. The packaging was great and nothing was leaking. When I went to test my water though I noticed that my kit did not contain the color parameters chart in order to be able to tell what levels of phosphate and nitrate are present in my water, rendering half the product completely useless. So great product, IF you get the entire product.
I was looking for it to be dark as pictured. These are the same as every other cheap white and blue pad. They work ok. But If there is charcoal I sure cannot tell. My dogs pretty much just ignore them or tear them up so I can't really speak to how useful. The few times he actually went on it, it seemed to hold the fluid. Disappointed it's just the generic brand of the other 10000 ones out there. But it probably says somewhere not as pictured and I just didn't see it.
Always fresh and enjoyed by our 10-year old lab.
Wears away quick and can cut the dog's gums. Noticed blood on the bone after a few chews. My Dogs teeth are super clean.
Seemed to be working great, then she started having runny diarrhea. We had not changed her diet other than adding these treats so we conclude these are causing the stomach issue. Too bad because she WAS calmer.
Doesn't stay on my dogs! Not worth it
The spaces are too small for hay to actually come out. I have to stick my hand in and push hay out of the other side for hay to actually be accessible to my guinea pigs. If not, they stand up and try to take hay out of the top. Also, the washer that's used to secure the manger to a cage is too small, it slips through bars of my cage easily.
My Labrador is full of energy and unfortunately the boots slip out within second I put them on. They never stay :(
My puppy loved these as long as we kept peanut butter or frozen yogurt on them . However, I left a poor review because she can (& did) easily shred/eat it. She would have consumed more of the rubber if we had left her unattended with one of these. They were extremely hard to clean, too. They quickly went in the trash.
No way to clip it around the neck.. it is adjustable, but unless your dog has a small head it will have to adjusted every time you put it on and take it off. Strange too because the waist straps have clips for both sides.
Seemed to be well made at first, but the hems started fraying almost immediately. After only two days of wear, the sweater was noticeably fraying in several locations. Cheap, but also cheaply made
Would not hold a charge
My Cocker Spaniel just backed out of this harness! As we were at a rest stop on an interstate, this was scary. The X-body harness by Gooby is better if you have a noodle dog like mine. Unfortunately, I ordered this in preparation for a trip and the return date had expired before I knew it wouldn't perform as needed.
It gets the job done, but the quality of craftsmanship is very poor
Great idea but after about 4 washes the stickiness was gone. Without the stickiness does not work.
This wheel certainly serves it's purpose and the cost was good but it squeaks like no other. We have 2 other wheels in the house and neither make noise anywhere close to this one. It is SO loud and constant. We've had it about a month and I'm oiling it every 3-4 days. Now it's starting to look rusty at those spots. I'm about to toss it and order a different one.
my 13 lb japanese spitz seemed awkward and uncomfortable in it so had to return it
Doesn't do what it says it does
The product arrived opened and without the toothpaste. What a disappointment. I give 2 stars because the actual brush is soft and small enough for a cat or a teacup dog, but since it's opened it might have been used, so I cannot trust it. Complete waste of money.
Good luck having a rabbit wear it!
The straps are not adjustable and hangs way too low.
I would have given a 5 star for this, because my dogs love it. But after today I started cleaning out the cans to recycle them and the coating off of the bottom of the can ( gray waxy film ) was coming off! So I looked in my dogs bowls before I feed them and found the gray filmy things in my dogs food. I'm going to look into this more. Plus, I will be adding a pic of the can so you all can see what I am talking about
It didn't fit my dog like it said it would.
The title of the page (this one) I ordered from only says "purple," then once I ordered it said "purple/blue" on my orders page. It seems most people got purple so I wasn't worried, but I was shipped a blue one. I already ordered the blue one on the same day from another page because I wanted both colors. Oh well. Hopefully my other order will turn out wrong too, and I'll get the purple even though it says blue. It's cheaply made. The netting at the ends is uneven and kinda loose. It looks like some parts have extra material that was just left there instead of trimmed up or sewn in. The wire isn't covered on the inside of the tunnel except for by the netting, so it's pretty much exposed and can easily tear through. I'd return it, but my cat already loved it as soon as I opened it and I don't want to take it away from her (the other one is predicted to arrive in a month). So I'll just have to keep an eye on the wire. I suggest making this yourself instead of buying. It will probably be better quality. That's what I'll do once these inevitably fall apart. Two stars only because it looks cool and, unlike me, my cat does approve and she's happy with it, which is why I got it.
My 1 year old german shepherd bit through all the plastic within one week.
There were a lot of rocks in the dirt.
Dogs wouldn't touch them
It is not very easy to open and close. The tray at the top always needs to be removed first, it's too light weight as well to act as a support for the person pushing it. Flips over easy.
My kitten broke the attachment to the wand in less than 2 months. It's a plastic hook that is not very strong.
I have always purchased these bags because of how durable they Are, and the quantity in each role. I was very disappointed with the shipment I just received. They are significantly thinner, and there are about half as many bags per role... I'm not sure what happened but I am very disappointed
The fencing did not stretch all the way around to finish setting it up.
Difficulty with charging the collar.
Fell in on itself. Was hard to pack up
I was happy these were manufactured in the U.S., but they were much harder/brittle than other brands and shattered into sharp pieces when bitten. After that, I ran hot water from the Keurig over them and them sit to soften prior to giving them to my dogs.
I have a subscription to this product and am usually satisfied with it, but for this particular order only, the bag of food was not fresh. It smelled stale when I opened it and became rancid soon after. I had to throw about a third of the bag away because I didn't want my dogs to eat spoiled food. I will keep buying this product because changing dog foods is an involved process if you don't want your dogs to have diarrhea from the change, but next time I receive a rancid bag, I will return it.
The toys are great. It is missing some of the toys that said they are included are missing.
I thought kongs were the best there is for durability but maybe my pups are just power chewers. Was torn apart in less than 5 min.
These wraps would probably be helpful if they would stay in place. It is difficult as they slip down no matter how tight I adjust the straps. I really wanted these to work as my dog has an arthritic hock. Would not recommend.
One of the Purigen came open. :/ Even tho the container has seal it came off together with a lid :( I like the product but they should packed it better. Otherwise I would give 5 stars
Very small does not warm up much.
These are not sized the same as most other brands. They also fall a part on cats paws faster than competitors.
Worked great for about 30 minutes then looked like pictures. Gave second star because dog is still enjoying chewing on the carcass of the toy
I tried the small and the XS, but these just won't fit any of my 3 Chiweenies. I saw many photos of other dogs wearing these comfortably. I think the unusual body shape (short neck and a long, thick trunk) might be part of it. I tried several adjustments. When I got the best possible fit, there are still problems: 1. it cut into my dog's body, just behind th front legs; and 2. When I pick my dog up by the handle, he'd slide right out!
Cute design but cheap made so wouldn't recommend for a puppy my puppy ate 3 of them in 1 hour. Design was okay I was hoping for more design and less pink all but 3 were pink in some way or purple I wanted more red or blue or black and yellow
Too small for a juvenile beard I
I've heard people say their cats are wild about these, but mine aren't that interested. I guess different cats have different reactions to catnip.
Slightly smaller than OEM. In the drinkwell Platinum this causes the water to just flow over the top, and sometimes the filters are just floaty even after long soaks, and will lift out of place.
I ordered this bed for my 55 pound Doberman mix. It arrived with a broken rod so the canopy would not stay up. The bed was stuck in a folded shape ( like a taco) and I was not able to flatten it out. My dog would not go near it. I had to return it.
Didn't work for our dog! Some people may have success... not our King Charles Cavalier! Continues to bark! (Worked at first ... after a week ...back to barking)
Does not catch on to chihuahua hair to well
Receiver on/off button does not work. Only added a star for the broken english in the instructions, that was a good laugh.
I think it will last a long time. Mostly because she won't wear it, but still... It's well made, was delivered on time, the fabric is very stiff, even without the reinforcements, so I think that's most of the problem with her. She has skin issues and we were trying to get her to stop scratching so it could heal. We ended up using/modifying an old t-shirt and it works fine. But will keep this just in case.
Cute toys but already falling apart. Kind of expensive too! Would not recommend.
Did not stand up to my month old Siberian Husky. It is not chew resistant.
Just received my bottle of gel today... Have no idea how well it works yet obviously, but the bottle was so poorly packaged (aka thrown in a box with nothing around it) that it opened and leaked all over the box. Kind of upset that it would be mailed out that way.
My 200lb each mastiffs still clear the house with their ever-leaky butt holes and eye-watering gas. The government can still use my dogs' butts as interrogation tools to get intel from terrorists if they wanted.
These appear to be decorated plain paper bags with little or no catnip infused. The cats treat them like any other paper bag from the grocery store, maybe even playing in them less than those.
Not as good as I thought. Made out of strong plastic. My dog is still shredding it all over.
Purchased this for a recent trip to San Francisco. It is basically useless. I have a 5lb chihuahua, and purchased the correct size, but you need extra padding in the bottom for it to be useful. Tried a hand towel and that kind of worked, but it still sagged. The shoulder straps as well - no matter now high up you adjust the straps, it'll end up hanging low down your back, or front. Crossed over or straight, the straps are a waste of time. Needs a lot of improvements to be useful.
It worked really well for a week and then it stopped spraying when my dog barked. It will o ly spray when. Turning it off and on again.
Most cans came dented
Always washing it as the litter sticks to this all the time. Messy job. Supposed not to stick, but does the opposite. Easy to hold, and made well. Finish should be corrected.
You get a ton of this stuff! Probably one of the best deals for quantity. But there are a lot of stems that cats WILL choke on and picking them out are annoying. Also this doesn't smell like quality catnip and my cats aren't a fan.
My 45 lb, lean hound dog wears a medium in every other piece of clothing I've bought her. I ordered this in a medium and it is less than half the size I thought it would be. While the measurements are available and it's partly my fault for not measuring, I figured if all other brands of dog clothes are roughly the same size, this wouldn't be so far off. My mistake. I had to give this to a friend, who's 15lb rat terrier could wear it, since they wanted to charge me half the cost of the item just to ship it back. Not happy with this. I doubt the XL size would fit my medium-sized dog. $30+ down the drain!
This stuff is good from the ECO stand point But gets every where . Does ok with odor
This works if the temperature outside is not much lower than 28 f. Lower and the bowl freezes. So, if it is really cold where you are, do not depend on it.
The launcher doesnt grip onto the ring very well making it difficult to throw the ring far. The farthest i can throw the ring at most it 20 feet which is not far compared to their chuck it ball product. Over all this product would have been really cool if it can be thrown farther..
I got this oil as opposed to the brand I usually buy because it was slightly cheaper. Very soon I noticed my dogs coats getting dry again. I keep it refrigerated and otherwise did exactly what I did 27th the other oil, but didn't see any positive results. I'll be returning to the other brand, it was only a couple dollars more anyways. The bottle is quite nice looking though.
Unfortunately the chews were not that soft. My senior kitty spit it out after trying to eat it. It was dry enough that I crumbled it into his dry food but I can't control the dose that way because he shares food with another cat. I'll have to look for a different supplement for his joints.
It's fine for how much you pay, three of the balloons cake sealed so they couldn't be blown up which was a bummer since they're the reason I bought it. The hat is cheap and so is the bow tie (obviously). It's nothing I'll be saving.
Was very easy to clean however cracks very easily! Putting it together the first time the latch cracked Iwas still was able to use till today! cleaned it,filled the water put it on and water was coming from the bottom it cracked as i put the water on container on it ,i didnt drop it on just put it on as i always did before. so i wouldn't recommend it.
My cats are picky water drinkers (bathtub anyone?). I thought this was a good move. Not so much now. It gets slimy in a week, and it is VERY heavy and awkward to clean. I am never sure if I got it all, and it is a pain in the rear.
My dog likes to lie down on it but also feels the need to scratch at it before doing so. There are 2 holes in it already and she has only had it a couple months.
This one was unacceptable on arrival. Neither of the zippers worked and the trim was still attached where the seat rest portion unzips.
There is nothing structurally wrong with the bowl. However they ship it with the label attached to the bowl using bad double sided tape that needs to be scrubbed for 10 minutes before it's all gone. This is a bowl for pets, the label should be stuck to the bottom so you don't have to worry about them eating glue.
Unfortunately, the string would get stuck and stop working after a few minutes. And then my cat would completely lose interest :(
I'm not convinced these really do anything. The water from my tap has a scent that these don't really seem to take care of. I also don't like that they are made in China. I think you're better off just filtering the water through a pitcher and cleaning the pet bowl once a day.
This is a prob with seller.. I ordered this product Sept. 16, 2019 and ordered two which gave me four balls for the toy which used. 1. I received a pack of two today which I did not order. I never put it on auto order either. I don't want anyone choosing what and when I order my stuff. Now I am chg for this and I may have enough already for the year. The batters will be dead by the time I use the one sent today. What is going other. Never hd any problems with other seller. I am not happy! The balls are wonderful otherwise.
I thought i was receiving two dog jackets. As shown in the picture. I only received the red coat. Picture is misleading and i am disappointed. I am a frequent buyer from amazon. Very disappointed, misleading with the picture above.
Had to return the dogs would not go on them. Kinda cheaply made also.
I wanted this for my cat but there was no bottom so he wasn't comfortable. I have an old one that I'll continue to use that has s floor
Everything was great, but it runs small, by two sizes.
These are way smaller in person than in the photos. Would be good for a toy pet, definitely none in real life
not good for chewers.... needs more durable straps for big dogs, my dog chewed it in 5 seconds.
Easy to set up and install, good price, small and not and eyesore. We bought it to deter our neighbor dogs from barking so much. It worked the first day, but the dogs have gotten used to it and now it seems to only deter them briefly on the first day when we change the batteries (every 2 weeks).
i have had many dog crates over the years this is supper out of alignment and a pain to open and close
At first I was very excited to find such a bargain. They fit the Breeze cat litter trey perfectly. In a couple of days I learned that that's all there is, because for the first time in 4 years of me having two cats I've learned how stinky cats' toilet can be. It's like you need to change them every day to avoid the smell. But then you are not really saving the money. Going back to the original product, didn't like the smell :)
Although incredibly easy to assemble, my dog managed to bend the hollow metal bars (one he removed). He escaped and greeted me at the front door.
In case you were curious how big an extra large is, here's a picture of my blue nosed pit trying to use his new bed. It's pretty nice if you have a cat or a pocket dog.
Would be better if the bungee sections were a bit longer, and the handle strap a bit shorter.
I was hopeful when I saw this barn and stable feeder pouch, but there is a serious design flaw in its shape. if you unhook and open the top it folds in on itself making it hard to add hay without spilling out through the very narrow flimsy opening. In search of a better design. Do not recommend this.
I really don't think I could tell a difference after giving this to my dog. In fact I almost feel like it made him more active rather than calming him. He did enjoy eating the treat size morsel so it wasn't difficult to get my dog to eat.
This should have fit, but the cat got right out of it
Red light comes on and stays on every time you put it on the nail. Can't trust it. I've gone back to my Dremel tool.
The cat bed doesn't heat up, so it is useless for my arthritic cat. However, one of the other cats likes it and has shed all over it so I have to keep it. Pretty over priced for a regular pet bed.
I purchased three of these litter mats thinking they would capture all of the loose litter, but that did not happen. Litter is still tracked all over the floor. Also, pads themselves slide and do not stay in place - this is on a tile floor. I really wanted to like these and had high expectations; unfortunately, I was disappointed.
Not a fan of this product, the bowl mildews very quickly (every few days) which defeats the purpose of having a self watering bowl. You may as well just change your pets water out every 2-3 days. Adding the water filled top component is precarious because the water fills to the top of the bowl and spills very easily. Save your money!
Our dog quickly chewed this to shreds then we found piles of blue poop in the yard. I don't think I want this material filling her intestines.
Definitely not a great toy for the intense chewers. Stuffed a few treats in it to make my pup work for it and instead he just gnawed a few parts of the rubber off within 3x of use. He does enjoy it, but this definitely won't last before I'll have to toss it for his own safety.
This stuff doesn't float, it immediately starts to sink to the bottom. We've started using it to feed a small Koi we have out in our pond, but the goldfish in our fountain have to follow it all the way down.
Dog didn't like them.
I have an older cat who continuously rubs on all corners of my house, I know it's a territory thing, but it leaves a residue after a while and so when I saw these I was pumped hoping I could solve the issue. In some ways it did, I put them on 2 areas I know my cat rubs constantly, he avoids them now? Both my cats were intrigued at first rubbed ok them a few times and now avoid them. I don't think it's the product, except the bristles are quite hard, maybe my cats are just picky.
This falls off my pants too easily, will get one with a belt next time.
Great size for a perfect fade but it falls off the clipper constantly and almost cut a line in the side of someones head.
I really don't understand why they put a leash clip on a break away collar. Seems like a ridiculous safety hazard for playing pups. I did remove they so decided to keep collars. Could be softer as well.
This ball is way too big.
4 month old pup tore through these in a day or two. Not very durable. I gave it 2 stars because he did enjoy ripping them to shreds 😩 will not buy again.
Reached out for resolution and still have not received missing dies.
I am disappointed that after only a few times wearing the collar with this tag, t2 of the pink "stickers" have fallen off
One cat managed to break it within minutes of putting it on the door knob
There's no good way to measure this product especially for a 10 lb dog.
This gate was not put together well. The lock mechanism didn't work well and was out of alignment.
Doesn't thicken like Pangea does & won't dissolve no matter the temperature of water used to mix! Very disappointing and will never buy again! Smells Delicious but my geckos won't touch it! 🤔
size wasnt right zipper is very difficult
The basic product does what it claims as far as keeping dog's teeth clean and healthy. The complaint that I have is that many of the chews in a 30 pc. bag are so thick that our 25 pound dog cannot chew them well enough to swallow and digest them. I have to give away or throw out the thick ones. I have made a decision to stop purchasing this product. If the producer was able to sort them I would go back to buying them. Sorry, Bob S.
It returned this product back it didn't work for my large bird cage
The cone came broken. A bit disappointed since i was hoping to use this in my fish tank. I wish they were packaged a little better. Will be returning this and maybe will try to get another one and see how it goes.
The gate is smaller than I realized so we are going to need the large one; but it is super quick to setup and also easy to move. Great for small dogs like ours.
The wheel was terribly out of balance. It had a definite heavy spot. I could have drilled holes in the back of the wheel on the heavy side but decided to go with a different wheel. While this is a good size for an adult dwarf, our little fella did not care for it and I believe it was because he could not overcome the out of balance weight to get it moving. I donated it to a pet shop that had only the wire wheels in an effort for them to dispose of them as they can be harmful to hams. The little syrians fit pretty well on it. It does make a lot of noise after only a couple of weeks in the store. This size is fine for a young syrian but, not for an adult. Their back should not arch when they are running on the wheel.
I bought these hoping they would be the same quality as the name brand ones and because they had more bag in them. But you get what you pay for. Don't fill it up too full or the bag will burst and you will have a floor full of cat poop and piss. Not a fun clean up.
Didn't stop him from chewing.
Very hard to transmit voice and control the laser with normal internet service.
This product is a great idea but it just did not work out. The leaves point downward so the fish cannot use them. I have tried bending the leaves up but they just won't stay.
my boys hate the double sided brush. absolutely detest it. i have a regular bristled toothbrush that they put up with much better. they absolutely love the toothpaste flavor though, their mouths water when i'm about to start brushing
The turf isn't attached to the plastic/rubber frame. I'm trying to potty train my puppy, but he's also at the age of teething. So, he constantly grabs the end of the turf in his mouth and pulls the turf off the frame and drags it around. Would be helpful if there was a way to attach and detach the turf from the frame.
the price is ok, but its not holding the right temp. have to play what it in order to get right temp.
Be careful if your pet wears hanging tags on their collar. When eating our girl's tag has gotten wedged in the metal frame and she has drug the whole thing through our house a couple of times. Collar is off until I can buy a new set up.
does not clean out the smaller bits. only grabs the large clumps. i found I was going back and scooping every other day to clean the litter. My cat does not like it. the plastic holder (where the waste goes) it difficult to get in and out without spilling part of the contents. The ramp doesn't clean my cats paws very well and I did not receive the grey mat that was supposed to be included. Very disappointed
Very cute and the clasp is nice. However, did not last long... destroyed after just one wear.
Foam inside did not hold up well. We had same sorta dog bed for years and this new one was a lemon. Insert was flat almost instantly. I will buy again but in store so i can check insert quality first.
I was expecting 100 large whole pig ears and got some like that, but alot that were not.. Would not buy from them again unless they change this.
Only one of the locks works.
We use dog poop bags for our kids poop diapers, helps control a smells in the room. These bags work well, however, these bags do not have any amount of lemon scent as stated in the product title.
My Frenchie had no problems with the green color. He can hardly wait for his dinner. He's not a picky eater so he had no issue with the texture or color. He didn't chew dry kibble so he would always get choked and spit whole pieces up hours later. I switched him to canned food about 2 months ago. I found this food online and it seems to be a healthier option. Update: After about a month, my dog lost interest in this food. He would never walk away from his bowl with food still in it but he started doing that with this food. Unfortunately, the food search continues.
Not the best quality, but do the job, once you reinforce with nails and glue.
The material is not soft
Afraid they will swallow in one bite
Dont last long enough even for my 20 lbs pup
I wish I had read through the questions thoroughly before buying these, as I did not realize there are only 5 in a bag. That's nearly $5 a bone that only lasts about 2 days in our home. The bone is not odor free either despite it's claim. We have tried other brands that claim that as well, but these do definitely smell.
It's a well made seat cover, but its way too big for my car. I own an Infiniti G37.
Didnt really seem to work much.
Over all the Parkland Pet Foldable Playpen is good and the size is large enough to let our cat have enough room to have her litter box and bed and toys in when we went to visit our son when we helped him move. HOWEVER, the bottom would be better if it, too was made from the canvas material the rest of it is made from. We clip our cats nails, but the bottom got holes in it and we had to use gorilla tape underneath to prevent it from getting worse. Also, at one point her water dish tipped and it got wet underneath on the carpet, so it's not waterproof. You get 3 stars because it does do the job, but it could be better.
Thinner than I thought it would be. Not bad if you have something to go with it.
Some are brown and not fresh. Very hard, just like 1st cut.
Ordered this case but two whole packs (4 individual) were rotten. I could even smell it right through the cover. At first I thought there must be a puncture of some kind but could not find any. So knock off 2 or more and that is how many one gets for the price.
My dog loves the food, but the shipping has a lot to be desired. It came in an envelope instead of a box, which caused the product to be smashed during shipping. I receive lots of boxes from Amazon, this should be a product shipped in a box. Shame on you Amazon.
Product package was opened and tapped back together when I received it. Ball was coated in some kind of oil type product. The ball dispenses the treats really quickly so it's not very entertaining for long. Using larger (than kibble) treats may help.
it seems like the price is cheaper on the exact box of food, for some reason I paid a higher price than the 10 and change, not sure why amazon does this.......also my cats do not seem to like this food, when I get it in the supermarket they eat it.....not sure where this food comes from. the price difference is on the amazon website, it did not allow me to choose the lower price when I was ordering. I will be more careful to order again.
Like other reviewers, I'm disappointed they changed the formula. My dog has a bunch of problems and pees/poo's himself everytime he goes out. I use these in-between baths to keep him clean and they used to be a LIFESAVER. With the new formula he doesn't get nearly as clean as he used to and he still smells. They work and I be see soils coming off, just not completely.
Dog loves these toys. Great price. They do get very stringy though after she chews on them, at which point we throw them away.
The packaging was damaged in shipping affecting some of the product My cat loves the food.
I bought this product for my cat. Unfortunately he does not like the taste so I have a bit more trouble getting him to take this than I did with the Salmon flavor which he loved. Since he is a cat, smell and flavor are important is getting a good response. It has a very strong smell that kind of sticks around after you use it. The product works, just not the flavor. Might be better for a dog..
Kinda confusing putting together, weird little x marks on cardboard that aren't for anything? And it looks a little different than the picture, more cheapy looking. Hopefully my teddy bear hamster gets more used to it, it kinda shook a little bit when she got on but she is a lil chubby
Pump is strong but pretty loud humming sound .
Dog likes it but he sleeps in my bed
My dachshund loves to be covered up and this is perfect for her. However, the place for the tubing was sown shut which defeats the entire purpose. It's a decent purpose but if your dog doesn't like to be covered, don't risk it being sown shut.
The small was too small for my 14 pound dog exchanging.
All photos show 2 ant moats. Only 1 ant moat showed up. Please help!!!
These bowls are nicely made but they are very small. They also have an order which I know my dog is not going to be able to get past. The item cannot be returned.
I was highly frustrated at first with the collar and was getting ready to return. The directions are incomplete. I watched several videos with similar collars to figure it out. I could not get it to work with the testing set up. It would turn on then nothing. Tried a different battery, still the same. My dog was barking so much the day I was to return I figured just try it on the dog. Well, it works! I still can't get it to test properly as shown in videos and what I can make from the instructions. I have used it the past several days on vibration mode only. It seems to work on and off but enough to deter the barking.
The actual Timothy hay was fine, but NO MARIGOLDS! I was so upset, as I wanted to give my buns a special treat and this just ended up being their regular hay.
Works but difficult to read instructions as they are not complete and fine print. Better get a magnifying glass before.
I thought this was going to be bigger then what it was.
well we got his to help maintain the fur of two cats who live with us, however this gloves are too stiff and well maybe not that good for cats or maybe our cats are not fan of the gloves. maybe a dog will enjoy them. No single complain about the quality so is kind of disappointing because but is more because of the temper of our cats than the product itself. no other use could be found for them so well all things for these cats is a flip of a coin, some stuff they love and some other like this is not appreciated. So good luck with your own cats have in mind they are really complex beings.
the base of the three leashes comes unclipped too often. could not use
My dogs are starting to listen but only has one Setting and if your dog can stand the first and second shock it doesn't shock any more just beeps
Didn't notice any difference during stormy weather
The quality on this product has fluctuated a lot the past year or so. Sometimes the bag is half full of crumbs, sometimes the treats are over cooked. The product used to be awesome but they seemed to change the recipe and now they just crumble. My dog still likes them.
Used these as a liner for reusable doggie panties. They didn't stick very well to the panties and were very small and thin. They did help keep some of the blood off of the panties but the majority of it was in the diaper. I'd reccomend this for a small dog but I feel regular women's panty liners are a better option especially for a large dog in heat.
Whoever designed this bottle has never used it. Can't pour out without spilling, even when using a funneL unless you are directly pouring it into a tank. I mixed drops of this with gallon jugs which becomes a sloppy mess. Where's the economy if you are spilling this stuff?
I wish you could personalize them. I bought these for a memorial for my dog to place on a remembrance project and it would have been great to have his name and birth and death dates.
Love that these are easy to get on and off... and our pup adjusted to them quickly. Just a heads up: they'll need to be washed frequently since your pet's paws will sweat and cause a stinky feet odor. (At least that's what happened with us). Also, keep your pet's nails trimmed! Our booties only lasted about 45 days because his nails busted through the fabric part of the bootie....We already need a replacement pair; so for that reason (cost vs. ROI) I rate them 3 stars.
Works great, but made from cheap plastic, make sure you store it good and have it padded and disassembled, if not, you'll go back to get it to use it and it will be broken, that's why I had to order this one, I have only used it one time too and when I went to get it to use it the 2nd time, it's broken.
Works fairly well at catching litter from feet. I find it difficult to clean. Finally tried hosing it off and that did not work very well plus it took a long time to dry.
Well made but sizing is smaller than sizing chart says.
Put some air them.plants on
The tube is half empty. You have to squeeze it all the way to middle before the ointment comes out. I feel I am being cheated but no choice I have to continue buying because my dog needs it for her eyes. Otherwise no go. My little chihuahua is used to this ointment for her dry eyes , so I do not want to change and her veterinarian is okey with this use.
I believe that reviews that talk about crushed shipping boxes, etc., are unwarranted because they are not about the product itself, however, I fully believe that the cost of the item is a huge part of the product and worthy of review. These are small plastic bags for doggie doo collection. I needed small plastic bags for another purpose and ordered some Amazon branded ones that are great bags, but they are a few inches taller and a little wider than these which was larger than I needed. The Amazon bags were about the same price as these but I got 900 of them. Here you get 200 bags that are a couple of inches smaller. These really work for what I need them for but I will need a new box every three months or so and just can't justify paying this price when I can get 900 of the Amazon bags, cut a few inches off the top and make do with those.
I wasn't sure why it made a difference having the leash attach in the front, I still don't know why it works, but it DOES. My dog, a 60 lb golden retriever, was a terrible puller- really she's just all around terrible on a leash. I'm positive this is our fault, lack of training, but this harness was really helping. Then the D-ring in the front where you attach the leash tore off:( Other than that, the harness is very well built. We have tried reattaching it a few times, but it comes off each time. Hopefully the manufacturer fixes this defect.
It lasted for a few weeks. My gog popped it on second week.
It didn't last long, once it tore open it was very messy and the squeaker didn't work very well. My 55 Pit mix loved it, I just wish it would have lasted longer. Good size and I liked the rope inside.
My miniature schnauzer destroyed this in two play sessions. She loved the fact that it would dispense treats, she just had her own plan on how to get the treats faster. If you pet is less destructive, maybe this is a good choice. If you pet likes to chew and is a bit mischievous, try another option.
Serves the purpose but these do not seem to hold smell as well as another brand I've bought. Like the fun colors though!
Was too small for my pup, had to return.
The size is too big. I measured my Chihuahua at a size small but it is too big and she needs a size xs. There's no return label and I think I'm not even able to swap out sizes
The toy works, but the main problem is its battery life and run time. It only stays on for a short period of time (sometimes a few seconds, sometimes 2-3 minutes). So every minute or so you have to find the thing, and then hold the button to put it into "play mode". Not great for keep your cats amused for more than 30 seconds to a minute.
Hi, I shipped my medium size dress with the vacuum filters. Please ship my small dress to me ASAP. Your item has been returned and my puppy is waiting for her small dress. Thank you.
My dog loves it. Better priced elsewhere. Bad news: its VERY addictive! Once you start feeding your dog this, there is NO STOPPING.
The conditioning spray smells nice and works well, but sadly, I can't use the rest because the spritzer has now broken and I have no way to spray it on the dog. I guess I will go buy a squirt bottle from the store and try to pour the product in there so I don't have to waste it and throw the rest away. I have only used about one fifth of the spray so far. It's pretty ridiculous that the bottle is so cheaply made that it breaks after using it only a couple of times.
This duel walker is very well constructed and would be perfect for two dogs who are well trained and show each other courtesy while walking, but if you have one dog who is older, smaller and a good walker and one dog who is slightly larger, a puppy, and a real A-HOLE then you will end up with a little dog who is dragged and bounced around like a sack of marbles and he will be totally annoyed and unhappy during the entire walk while this JERK is having a good old time pulling on the leash and getting himself AND YOU tangled up like a fing rodeo calf. Puppies are jerks.
metal cap already rusting after a few weeks, for the rest good product
Was waaaayyyy to small for my furbaby, but it was still so darn cute!
They seem very thing and one may be defective. Not 100% sure yet.
I like this for our Pomeranian/Husky mix. Works well but not a huge fan of the pina colada type smell.
Didn't kill the fleas like it used to years ago, so I was very disappointed. I used the recommended the first time for my house and it was like I didn't do anything. Then I did it again a month later but doubled the amount of cans used and it was better, but not satisfied, we are still getting fleas. Two cans did not discharge all the way, which costs money. Will try something else next time. So disappointed. Years ago it was our "go to" product. Not now.
I have two small dogs. Although they are small, they go through toys very quickly. I was happy to find a bag full of ropes and some other toys for my pups. My dogs love rope toys and I find that they last longer. I love the variety in the bag and so do my dogs!
I'm sure this is a great product but my cat does not touch it. It has a minty smell and makes foam as you pour water in the cup. We are using a different product and my cat tolerates that one
It is a nice leash. I like the padded handle and the velcro to keep handle close on leash when not in us. I think it would be even better if the extension part had ability to attach as well to itself or be shorter by 6 to 8 inches so it could wrap around the dogs neck once and clip to collar ring for "onboard" storage and quick access while running free.
My dogs were still able to chew a corner of it off
It was good but comes apart very easily it took me about an hour and three YouTube videos to put it together
The harness fit our dog perfect. The reason i am giving it 3 stars is because the stiching is uneven.Some letters are bigger than others. Almost like a kid stitched the letters. Other than that, it is a good harness.
I get a blister on my forefinger using the scissors. The hole must have a rough edge... And, it's tight with the insert in it which also rubs.
Have an older dog with a weak bladder. This takes the smell away until it dries then seems to come back.
I really liked this raincoat/pancho BUT after 3-4 uses the hole where the collar ring gets attached to the leash is tearing, please talk to the manufacturer to fix problem
My cat did not eat it gave it to birds
I had a feeder previous that held 20 lb. I left it when I moved cross country. This feeder is smaller (that's fine), but the gravity feed part is not what it ought to be. The food doesn't slide down into the bowl/dish from the larger container. My previous one did. This is annoying, and belies the point of the thing. It's convenient to not have to fill the bowl daily, but I'm sad that it doesn't do the one thing that it claims to do - gravity feed.
Much smaller in person then in photos great if you have very small cats
hard to get and the price shows it. Product is great... not sure what is wrong at royal Canin
After purchasing this we realized our dog prefers beds with a vertical edge surrounding the center cushion.
Product is too large for a small breed dog. We had to put twice as much food in it just so there could be enough in it. She ended up only eating around the edge.
Had it for almost a month. Product as described but it did not help at all with my dogs barking. I have a 10lb Pekingese and I used the highest setting to see if it would help but it didn't. My dog still continued to bark a lot
The softer one didn't last long before I had to throw it out because puppy started to chew pieces off of the end. The stronger one has lasted for a few months now but we do not leave her alone with it.
Nice looking driftwood but causes Ridiculous leaching . Water changes reveal "sweet tea water"
One off the cans was badly damaged. The shipping container (2) were not damaged. But, my doggie loves the food.
Good idea and I bought to see if her food was the cause of her dry skin. However, she doesn't like it. The only way I can get her to eat it is to mix with canned food which kind of defeats the purpose
The product design is great and really dressed up the room compared to a traditional crate. However, the track that the retracting door operates came broken and we have not been able to fully remedy it. So it does not operate as designed but it still kinda works with some effort to open and close the door. Would be much more happy with the purchase if the track had not arrived broken.
Leaves are smaller then expected but still usable.
I gave this 3 stars because of the toys. There are an abundance of smaller toys, however, the smaller toys do not have any durability at all. They do come apart extremely easy. So easy my kitten tore them up. The tunnel is of very good quality. He has played every single day from the time I got it. No rips or anything with hard play.
This toy is fine, but my dog really has no interest in it even when there's food inside of it…
The crate mate is soft and I like the design.
My dog loves eating these, but I have noticed any difference in her stress or anxiety levels even after a month of taking them everyday.
Our golden retriever stopped shaking the whole bed, but still requires to be in bed when it storms - partial win. It did not offer enough comfort for fire works on the 4th.
I thought this one looked the most interesting...I was wrong. It's easy to fill, but it wasn't interactive enough to keep my dog's interest. He kept bringing it over to me...I would put it on the floor and encourage him to "get it". Can't really toss it, food would come out. Finally he laid down and tried to just chew on it.
Worked great for about 5 months, now it will not work consistently... works when I test it, but shifts off of my small dogs trachea easily and allows many barks to occur with out a beep. Which at this point is all he needs to remind him to be quiet
First one got broken first day
There are some design flaws like the ramp's black rubber goes loose easy, and the rake gets stuck at the dirt bin on manual function, But otherwise, The Automatic function works well and does it's job..... The Plus is that it saves me time in manually cleaning the dirt as opposed to the non automatic litter box.... For some, The flaws might be a big issue, but these does not bother me much for as long as the main automatic function works as intended.... If ever this machine breaks, I definitely will try the other brands next time....
I have 2 Chihuahua mixes and both of them sniffed it, turned up their nose & walked away. I'm not saying it isn't a good product, just that my 2 picky eaters won't touch it. I removed it after about 45 minutes and tried again a few hours later with no change. They went hungry for 2 days before I threw it away and gave them a mixture of Beneful and Purina Moist & Meaty Burger.
Plants came in the plastic pot and rock wool, which is frustrating because that's a pain to take off and really inhibits growth. Plants were also substantially smaller than what the pictures represent. Hopefully they do well. I will report back in a month or so.
This leash is much larger and heavier than normal retractable leashes. It was far too large for the small dogs we have so we returned the item. It does come with a couple of nice add-ons, but unless you have a large breed dog, this is probably not the leash for you. The retraction feature didn't work well at all, but that may have been because it was new.
Not too happy with the quality... my 7 month, 60 pound golden retriever LOVED this, until he clawed a hole in it in just 3 days. I tried to patch it, but the gel slowly oozed out.
They cute ceramic plates. They were too small for one of cats. She pushes food with her nose when she eats, so food gets everywhere. A larger plate would be better. My other cat does totally fine with it. They both eat 1/3 cup each morning.
Love the cat litter. However the Amazon box was damaged and one of the two boxes I bought was broken I was able to save a half a box. Other box was perfect fine. Just disappointing
This jacket is really cute and high quality but it runs HUGE. I purchased an x-small for my Toy Aussie (about 11 lbs) and he can wiggle out of it easily, as it hangs off his body. I'd imagine an x-small would fit a bulkier dog like a French Bulldog or fat Beagle. Also, while cute, i wouldn't have designed the hoody with plastic drawstring clips on it because my pup immediately wanted to chew them up. Too tempting.
Pro: I like the fact it doesn't hang on the back. Cons: It is larger than I expected and doesn't come in any other colors other than blue, which doesn't fit my decor. I can't get it open to clean it. I have tried and tried. I'm going to have to pry it open which I suspect will damage it. I don't notice any decrease in sediment. The only reason I keep it in my tank at all is for the healthy bacteria colonies.
I bought this because my cats don't like fish in any shape, form or taste, but they needed the Omega vitamins. They eat dry food so putting it on their food wasn't an option. I used a syringe. They didn't like that option either. I caught them and quickly administered the dose or partial dose. One of my cat proceeded to throw up . . . . breakfast and oil. I plan on trying again, but I won't hold out for success. So, if your cat likes oil, you will succeed. There isn't a taste or smell. Wish I could be more positive.
Item is much smaller than I thought and quit flimsy! ... cheap plastic that's why I gave it only 3 stars.. but my cat got used to it quit fast ... just training him in case I need to go out or something!
A nice big bag for the price, but my dog chew through the whole stick in about 2 minutes. Not the thick kind that usually takes her about 45 minutes to get through, disappointing.
I love the quality of this bowl so far, but am very disappointed with the size. The picture makes it look like the large ones but it is very small, not suitable for a large dog. Would be ok for small dog or cat.
These things are great, but the product continues to arrive smashed up and a pain to use. They come out of the bag completely smashed or in pieces to small to use except for crumbs, not administering pills.
Does the job but are hard to pull apart
The large was too small for my Boxer, so it doesn't work correctly.
I purchased these and decided to replace my bulbs on May 1st of every year. I'm disappointed that one has already burnt out. It lasted about a month. The bulbs are in separate fixtures over separate tanks. My previous bulbs both lasted at least a year.
Flimsy thin wood structure. Took entirely too long for 2 adults to put together...almost 2 hours. My cat still hasn't taken to it 1 month later. His other stronger taller 3 tier is still his #1 choice. My cat is slightly above average size and the top of this tower is too small in diameter and doesn't feel sturdy. He is around 15 lbs and the space inside the cubby hole isn't large enough for him. This tower seems to be more appropriate for kittens.
Not very effective for my little dog (10 lbs)
It didn't take long and my dog store it up
good Idea but didn't work too well to get my little dog to go on it.
3 stars because the product may actually be Okay. But says it was delivered and I never received it. That's a waste of money.
Cute but not very durable. If your dog is a chewer don't waste your money. My Toy Poodle destroyed this toy in less then an hour
Power supply didn't last 5 months. Luckily I had an extra 12V wall wart with the correct adapter laying around the house. It's a nice bright LED strip and i'm glad there wasn't anything wrong with the main unit itself. If it fails too, I'll update my review.
The fabric collars don't stay tight. Especially when the dogs are playing with each other
It helps but its not a sure thing
Had to return. Just thought it was to strong for my liking. But it worked well and well constructed.
It was cute and the dogs love it. It did last longer than most but couldn't hold up to our pup Nova. Within 2 weeks she had it tore up. The rope is still in good shape for now. And the she still plays with it daily.
I gave only 3 stars because they where suppose to be new but they where used the had long white fur all over them, my dog is a short hair Boston, I like the product I bought them before and they work good, but this time the product was used already
There's nothing particularly wrong with the collar except that these type are too easy for my cat to break out off. So just be aware that it's quite easy to open and close which can be a great thing or end up rending it useless :(
Don't hang these outside. They fell apart in 3 weeks. Fine for kids to paint and keep indoors. Very small.
The hide out was bigger than the one we were using but the description stated it was a large hideout. Currently the only thing my bearded dragon and fit in here is her HEAD. Not a large more like a medium
Box was delivered nearly destroyed. Pre-Filter media seemed ok and intact. Almost like the package was opened and resealed.
These seem to burn out within a month or so, but otherwise are ok
I wish I would have listened to what others said. I found it hard to believe that anyone would store and ship an aquatic plant without any water. It does arrive near-dead. Most sellers ship the aquatic plants inside of a small basket with a paper-towel type substance that keeps the roots wet during transit. This listing is shipped in nothing more than a standard cellophane bag. It is indeed a large quantity but after you trim the dead spots and put it in your tank more dies off. My beautiful tank is of dead plant particles. I do believe that over time I may be able to save some of the plant and hope the new growth compensates for the 3/4 of dead plant. Absolutely would not buy again nor recommend. I would return the damn thing but I know amazon would just throw it out and I hate to kill a plant that has already been tortured. Fingers crossed that I can revive this little guy. UPDATE: I changed my review from 1 star to 3. After 2 long weeks dealing with the plant deteriorating new growth began as little tiny petals on the stems. I have almost gotten all of the dead plant out of the tank and we are at the 3-week mark. It is now growing really fast and looking great. I am surprised that it has spanned itself about 24" across the tank. It's a stringy-type plant so it isnt "thick" but it makes the tank look genuinely "natural freshwater" if that's the look you're going for. It grows really long roots that basically float in the water. It's actually pretty cool. I would not buy another through this exact listing but I would buy another.
Okay so oxbow is supposed to be great with all products, I do have the food for my chinchillas and they love it, however this dust is so grainy. It's not thin and fine like my Chinchilla likes, it's kinda thicker and grainy and she doesn't like it as much. She only does 1 roll around then runs out. Blue beauty is the only one she will roll around in and it's almost impossible to get her out! I prefer the finer dust as she does too, this one is too grainy for her.
Works ok until the dog decaying be stubborn. I had hoped to use this to help train my dog. It kind of works in good weather but fails in any kind of bad weather. I am training my dog to use a doggy door. She is using it in good weather but if she peaks out and sees rain she won't go out. Instead she uses the floor by the door. Since the objective is to not supervise her going out the need for my presence slows the training.
The good: It works. No more clicking and clanging waking up the baby. The bad: I had a heck of a time getting it on. The picture makes it look like there is some kind of easy screw-on ring to secure the tags in the cover, but there's not. There is a very small opening on the top, that is extremely difficult to push the dog tags into while simultaneously threading the ring through. The ring is a small, thin, metal key-chain type ring, and after threading through 2 dog tags at the same time, it no longer lays flat. I'm pretty sure that in 3 years when I have to renew my dog tags, I'll have to get a new cover entirely.
The idea is cute and the hamster enjoyed it, however the hamster spent all his time in the tubes and went to the bathroom in the. The hamster was dirty and smelled aweful and the tubes are a pain to take out and constantly wash. We took the majority of the tubes out and we now have cleaner less smelly hamster.
Lasted less than 2 years. Other than that it was a good product
The reason I didn't like them much is because they come apart too easily. The water holder and food holder get knocked off too easily. Too much wasted food, water and time. It might be ok with one animal in the pen but not multiple animals.
My dog didn't like much
I tried a couple of boxes, doesn't last very long even though the box is really heavy, the scent does not improve the situation either, does clump nice but won't buy again . . .
Nice...but not perfect. It looks good, he's happy, and it will keep him identified should he ever slip away. However...it won't stay snug. The buckle is a piece of plastic that doesn't clamp down on the collar enough to keep it tight. So when we walk the dog's collar hangs loose. Not exactly what I want so I'll keep looking.
It doesn't fit great or stay on, but it serves its purpose
Really great for getting all the hair but it does make a mess. It doesn't hold the hair well once it has accumulated a bit. Also it's super hard to get all the hair off the brush once you're done.
For some reasons, my cat often throw up this dry food! It seems she can tolerate wet food much better than dry food!
This booster seat is well constructed but doesn't lay nicely in my back seat and is really small for my corgi puppy.
I was really excited to receive this kennel. I was hoping it would be great for travel. Though, it is, pretty light weight and folds easily. It seems like the fabric is decently durable. But, sadly it is too small for my for my 80 lbs. German Shepard. She cannot lay down in it with out her back very rounded and she can only stand up in it if the top cover is unzipped.
Did work as a deterrent for my curious cat but one, it doesn't last long and two, the sensor sometimes didn't pick my cat up. Luckily it spays so violently that just putting it in the table scares her enough to keep her down now.
Sorry to say my dog has an allergy to this dog food
I bought a 50-pound version of this from the same company four years ago, and it worked great. My only gripe was that there was no handhold molded into the hinge side, only on the latch side, so lifting the container was a tad awkward. My new dog ate the cover, so I ordered this one, which is slightly smaller. The size and shape are great. Once again, no opposite-side handhold. The casters are smaller, which makes it less able to go over the edge of the rug, but easier to fit under the shelf. The cover doesn't fold all the way back as the bigger tote's did, which is a real pain when picking it up and inverting it to empty. The cover can't be folded out of the way, instead flopping into the food as it's pouring out. The worst of it, though, is that the top is really flimsy - it crushes down if anything is set on top of it. The gasket is good and the latch holds well, but I have to put a weight on top to keep the dog from opening it. With the old one, a six-pack of soda worked great. The six pack dents this cover, flaring the sides of the cover and possibly loosening the seal over time. I'm not impressed.
My cat enjoys the NUTRO Perfect Portions, but she would only kind of eat one of the 2 Wild Frontier flavors. I'm still unsure if this is NUTRO, since I couldn't locate the name on the box/package.
My dog wasn't a fan of the taste, but I did see an improvement in joint movement/health.
I have 2 Labs and these seem like they would be a better fit for a medium or smaller size breed. They never looked like they fit properly and the dogs look uncomfortable in them.
I liked this but my cat did not
It works OK, but just save time and get a better brand.
These are super cheaply made but I bought them for my growing kittens to see if they would even take to being on a harness before I invested in better ones.
Is very mediocre. Works but the spinner is static prone and not all the food falls each time.
Its great for a dog that dont pull . If you have a puller i dont recommend because it straps on stomach and padding on back and all my dog did was choke him self when pulling.
I was hoping this extra long deluxe ramp would work for getting our older dog into the back seat of a Chevy Silverado. But even with the attachments that are made for doors, it didn't work. It was just too big to use for the back seat.
It worked for about a week, then my pup learned how to take it down.
cats eat it without puking later which is always good
Wrist string broke off right away. The bottle itself is great for SMALL/MEDIUM DOGS ONLY. Don't buy if you have a large or x-large doggy!
I have a Chihuahua and even after these are broken in half, they were still too large for her to eat. She didn't care for the taste, since she didn't even finish the first one I gave her. She sniffed, licked and walked away from the treat. I smelled them as well, and both flavors smelled the same and I couldn't distinguish one flavor from the other. I didn't really care for the scent either. I ordered the chicken and beef flavors. She didn't care for either. They are a bit pricey, given the amount in the bag. Overall, my dog didn't care for them and they were a bit too large for her to bite. I gave them to a friend for her dogs. I haven't gotten any feedback from her yet, as to how her dogs liked them.
I love these tools, just very dissapointed in the thinning shears as they came with a crooked piece that stops them from cutting. actually blocks the scissor from closing. I will try to straighten out but this was the tool I needed for my schnauzer and yorkie...
my dog keeps leaking the balm , i don't want to take a chance of him getting sick so I stop applying it
It's not the best roach food on the market, not even close, but it is the fastest to arrive.
My puppy was able to break into it. Not sure if it's the product or my puppy is just being aggressive with it. The food hatch to control the opening is easily to move to allow a lot or all the treats to just fall out. I stopped using it. This may work for others. It's not a terrible product.
The Meow Mix was packed in the same box with Cat Litter. As should have been expected, the Meow Mex bag was demolished and the product was everywhere.
I have 2 border collies and destroy is the game kong usually holds up but 2 days it was popped.
My kitty was so cute in it. Loved it so much. Did fall apart in a week though :(
Real small my Rottweiler knock one out in less than 20 minutes.
My eight pound terrier mix recently developed separation anxiety due to some renovations in the condo complex I live in. Tried using this for two weeks, but after the first couple of days, she acted like there was nothing playing. The music was nice and the cube easy to use right out of the box, but it didn't work as advertised.
Crate was bent along with cracked tray.
This is great for small pets but to warm for my little 5 pound terrier mix.
Did not seem like a lot of antler for the 1 lb bag. My dog likes the split antler, the marrow in the center, there was only 1 of those so the bag was overpriced for what I was looking for. I know it indicates it's mixed but 2 of the 3 were whole so unusable in our case.
I purchased this bulb on the 16 of november to keep my skink warm at night durning the winter and after about 3 months of use (running 8 hours a night) its already died. Not sure how long these bulbs generally last but that seems pretty short in my opinion. 3 stars because it worked pretty good while it lasted
Ropes ends unraveled quickly. Rest of toy kept puppy's interest.
Easy to use and my dog loves it but if you have hard floors it's very noisy. I only give it to my pup when I'm not home bc it's so loud when he plays with it.
I have two small dogs. These are OK, but they just don't feel like they slice the nail easily and I'm not crazy about the angle. I ended up with a smaller pair by Safari that seem to be much sharper and cut with less effort.
Collar works fine. However, I have a LABRADOR. I think the phrase your looking for is "water resistant". If I'd have known that he's not supposed to swim with it on, I would have picked another one.
The metal teeth give way and become hard to use. Would not buy again.
Collapses in the front easily so if you have a dog that likes to lean on it like my 5 lb Pomeranian, know that it's a little flimsy. It's still a good product for the price
It does seem durable, almost a plastic material. My dog gets excited everytime he sees a squirrel, and on our walk he tried to take off and the leash held, but burned my hand as it slide through my hand. The end grip is a bit too small for my preference as well.
Price was good, delivery was fast, but it only took a few months for my parrot to eat through it.
My scarlet macaw loved it for a few days then disassembled it.
Didn't work as well as expected.
It's nice, it's made well, it is not a cooling mat however. It's more of just a crate pad that probably is not warm to lay on but it does not cool like a cool mat
I had to set this on a folded tea towel to quiet the vibrations. Once I did that, it was quiet. I've had it just over 2 weeks and the black "T" shaped connector, which connects the pump to the hoses, split and I've had to tape it to the pump to keep it going.
The size chart doesn't really help my dog is very barrel chested and the chart said I should order the medium. It looks like he's wearing a cape more than a sweater
My cats care for this the least of the cat trees/towers I've purchased. Not sure. What it is about this one they don't like.
The instructions were a bit confusing. The pieces were not labeled so trying to figure out which post went where was a challenge, we didn't have a metric measuring system at our house so had to take apart a couple times until we got it figured out.
I have ordered this product before and did not have a issue. However in this bag one of the horns has mold on it and cannot use it:/
The harness is not escape proof. My cat has gotten out of it a couple of times. Otherwise, it works great.
I bought this to replace a previous one that quit working. My grandson loves it. I think there are too many fish in single file.
Delivered as promised. Works as expected, but hard to fit properly.
Super cute and well made but they take 2 people to put them on
Wasn't expecting such huge bowls. I have miniature dachshund and these dishes are not for small dogs. Good looking and nice quality.
My dog can knock this off the wire crate. The bolt is weak.
Not as effective as I hoped on my long haired husky BUT they are super convenient to use and my dogs doesn't mind me using them on her -- she hates brushes! So that's a win.
The cat had no interest in this cheaply made wobbly ball with light . Great concept just not what I thought it would be .
If you ever have to grab the leash anywhere else except the handle it is very rough on the hands. I've developed callouses and rug burn from this leash and my 80lb German Shepherd. I wouldnt buy this leash again or any other rope type leash for any strong breed of dog unless trained EXCELLENT and you never have to grab the leash except the handle.
Kinda cheap the hood doesn't lock on but still good use
Not very good. They DO NOT help with tartar or plaque as the manufacturer claims..! recommend the Virbac DENTAL products. They work better.
My cat liked it ok but the pads don't stick to the wall.
my biggest complaint is that this simply is not waterproof. it is water resistant, but if your dog gets scared and unloads (like when he sees the vet office) it will soak through. the other thing is that it will not stay put. i usually use a double seat cover situation.
Llike the size especially the led light,unfortunately,the battle rise did not last and I am trying to replace.
Yet to try on my minpin but from the look of the device, it looks great accept it being slightly too big for my dog.
Wish Handle was copper as in photo. Stands out and makes it look cheap.
I have about a 40-50% hatch rate. Kind of disappointing.
I have to say l like the product but can't say the same for my cat my cat does eat them sometimes and not so much other times
This is definitely a LARGE pillow, as it can fit our German Shepherd with lots of wiggle room. The color is very vibrant and the fabric is easy to wipe clean... however it needs a lot more stuffing in my opinion as it says in certain areas, and you have to "re-fluff" it more often than I would like.
Way bigger than expected and not portable in my opinion. Destroyed the box just trying to get it out so can't return it. Will have to find a friend who wants to take it.
Little heavy for a small dog.
This product works for the most part. The hair gets stuck so you have to empty the chamber and spend a significant amount of time cleaning the rollers for it to continue to be effective.
This feeder is the perfect size for cats. However, the food does not flow into the feeding dish easily. Shaking it as you walk past helps.
Works great on my dog that has medium length coat. Getting out the hair in the brush could be better as you have to pick it out.
Sturdier than most, but my dog is still working hunks off.
Good toy for roughneck dogs
Would be a 5 star if was able to be a larger size...we got this for our Doxie that is an escape artist with harnesses...one minute it on the next is around her waste like a skirt. ours is a large and still a little small for her 19 inch Doxie chest.
Neat fish tank, cleaning not as easy as they would have you believe though. You still need to remove the fish and other items to really get it clean. The tube thing is a gimmick.
My cats absolutely love this toy. It's a great option for keeping your cats engaged. However, the plastic wand keeps snapping in half! We've gone through a bunch of these - but I keep getting them because the cats love it. I wish the stick part had a more solid construction.
I bought this because my dog had a very crackly looking nose. It came packaged in a nice little can and smelled pretty good too. The problem is, as fast as I put it on her nose, she licked it off. So, there were no results. Was worth a try though.
My dog loved the treats, he doesn't make as many room-clearing farts as before either! Of course, he's also a beagle, and he'd eat rocks if you let him. Unfortunately, ingredients like brewer's yeast, potato, and rosemary make this product undesirable for me. There are many other products out there with the same or better probiotics that do not include questionable ingredients.
Shipping was way to slow, almost a month
These pill pockets were good for holding hemp oil drops I give my dog, but the smell is too off-putting, like poo almost. I don't know if its just this flavor or because its grain free, but I'm hesitant to find out.
This bag had no scent at all. Absorbed nicely for 3 weeks with 1 cat. Tracks out of box easily. My cat loved it at first but it didn't last a month and he didn't want to use it after a while.
It worked very well for one of my dogs and sometimes for my other in training. Major problem with durability. Hasnt't even been two months and the button caved in and it's no longer operable
It didn't work on my dog, but I know a lot of people who swear by them for my dog. The product itself was very well made.
Cheap plants. You get what you pay for.
They sent me the wrong color. I will most likely keep it only because I don't like dealing with returns. It is a nice small liter box I just wish it had some type of in n out door.
Regret buying. Very cheaply made. Didn't even last 1 day.
Well made leash. But very heavy for our needs. We wanted a very long leash for our 12 pound dog, but the connector at his collar is heavy and uncomfortable for him. It would be a really good leash for a bigger dog!
Works good on small dogs and puppies. Not so great to use on bigger dogs. Nails are to thick and hard.
I am not a fan of these wipes. They smell really bad and my bulldog hated me using them on her. I switched back to the prescription pads I get from the vets office.
Does not work with poodles with short tails. Gonna have to return. Tails come out of hole
Good leash. Does twist easily but works fine.
Not big enough for a bunny
I love how it looks in my tank, how ever the inside of it had these long very pointy spikes throughout. I had to break them off and file them down
I had a mild flea problem, so I am not sure how well this would work on an infestation. The product did not work on my pets directly and appeared to irritate their skin. I have two dogs and five cats and all of them appeared uncomfortable and their skin turned red when I sprayed it on them. I would not recommend this product on pets. However, it works great for spraying around the house to keep the ugly buggies from getting out of hand! I would spray it on the floors, baseboards, beds (for humans before it dries it does tingle a bit, but for my family and pets once it dried there was no irritation,) pet beds, and rugs. I really did seem to work as it kept the bugs on the pets and away from the people!
Bought wrong size (small) Lasted my Weim about 3 days. The larger Green lasted over 2 years before he destroyed it. Recommend buying the larger rings though!
A little bigger that I expected
Plants came healthy and transplanted well, but I believe they were the source of snails in my aquarium.. nothing else in there could have introduced them
The dog collar should be fine, but it is too big for my 14lb dog. I'll have to wait to use it, but it seems to work fine. The description says that it can adjust to any size dog, which isn't true. Also, the retractable leash that it came with broke instantly. We hadn't even left the house when the nylon rope snapped. The rope is very flimsy.
I never got it. They refunded me and said something about it being damaged in transit. I got the email and wasn't sure because I could stick track the order. In tracking it said the delivery was delayed not refunded. So I kept tracking and even called Amazon when I didn't get it in a week. It took two calls, one call said wait a little longer and the second representative I talked to reminded me it was refunded and not coming. I felt a bit stupid and mad. Stupid for forgetting that it was refunded and not checking my account to see the refund that processed days later. I was mad because I waited on that ball thing and I bought another one instead of this one. I don't really like the other one.
It was great the first time we ordered and we probably will still order again but this time it looks like something tried to chew through the bag??? Maybe a rat or something? It had to of happened before being shipped to us because there was no damage to the box.. half of the food was spilled everywhere
cats have destroyed it
Quite snug for our 20lb frenchie. We bought her an XL
The version of this water bottle with the longer metal tip is the best I've tried. However, the version I received is the old style and the metal nozzle is very short. My guinea pigs chew right through it.
Not very large. Better deal at costco
It worked for 3 weeks. So I'm bummed, My coon hound stopped barking when I used it. It was a miracle. After reading reviews it seems most bark collars stop working shortly after. Even the most expensive ones have similar reviews. Very frustrating
Bought the largest bed for our great dane. He will lay in it if he has to but doesn't seem the to be the most comfortable bed for him.
They are really pretty and my birds love them, however they broke 2 of the items in day or so. Very fragile.
The very top nubby gets chewed off within an hour by my dog's, never fails.
Medium is much too small for my 45 lb border collie. Descriptions and other reviews led me to believe the right size to order. Cannot find a return option for this item.
My cat is still learning to get use to the caps. He has to wear them all the time. But these caps are a little fragile. One of the caps broke in half after one day (Exposing the cat's claw... Cat's claw was fine, I checked). The others kinda seem to suffer ware and tear too easily. I've never had this problem with caps being so fragile before. I mean they stay on with the adhesive and don't seem to harm the cat at all. But I don't think I'll be buying these again.
these probably work fine but are way overpriced -
Cheap quality. Dog can pick up and move it
This product is flimsy. I was thinking it was going to be more sturdy. That being said, my cats don't want to walk on it so the litter is still everywhere. I bought two and tested one out, and would have returned the second one but I am out of the return window now.
The item does a decent job but when the puppy peed although it didn't spill thru the smell went on the carpet. The pads did wash well in the laundry. However they do not have a grip so the pad tends to slide unless held down.
I like this brand but I switched to subscribe & save and the first bag was ripped. The bag had been ripped and they had put a sticker put over the rip. The sticker had broke apart so when I opened the box dog food poured all over the floor.
I had been buying cases of this food for my cat for more than a year so I decided to sign up for subscribe and save to make it easier to manage ordering. For my first month of subscribe and save, I received a case of 24 cans in which 11 of the 24 cans of food were majorly dented. The carton that held the case was not damaged at all. So I'm wondering if subscribe and save means you get the dented can “special”. Never received a case like this before when I didn't use subscribe and save. I'll give it one more month and if it happens again, I'm cancelling!
great concept but it was way too slippery that my dog could not use it, looks as described ,durable but there needs to be some traction for your pet to use
This harness seemed good overall, but I returned it because the plastic adjusting clip thing ended up in the armpit of my 90 pound Rottweiler, and I was afraid it would be uncomfortable and rub for her.
I purchased these covers under the guise that they would fit on cans sized 3 ounces to 13 ounces. Sadly they do NOT fit my cans of Fancy Feast, which was my main reason in buying these. I didn't return them because they work great on the big cans of dog food we use. I'm pretty sure this also won't fit on the 6 ounce cans of cat food because they don't look like the stretch that wide. These are easy to clean and being different colors is helpful in case you want to leave feeding instructions and identify the cans by color. The "spoon" that comes with is a little flimsy for heavy food.
Does it's job and my dog loves it! It does come open with any kind of wind & it shouldn't be because the magnet has lost strength because I just got it a couple months ago.
A little large for our 12-pound dog. It didn't work out for us because she started walking funny and we were worried she'd slip on our wood floors.
Only one of our cats showed any interest.
Aquarium decor. This item is nice but was smaller than I thought it would be.
For this product alone, I would not reorder from Amazon. Although it was what I wanted, the condition it arrived in was less than desirable. The main Amazon packages had been ripped and the product boxes themselves leaked all over. My local post office had classified them as damaged. The rest of my purchases (outlined in my account), I have been very satisfied with.
I was happy to get these, my dog loved them, except for 1 thing. My dog did not eat all of them. Everytime he ate one, he left behind little sharp pieces from the chews & would not eat them. I stepped and them & he stepped on them. Ouch it hurt so I end up having to vacuum the floor everytime I give him one..no fun. I will not be ordering these again. Sorry!
Didn't take much for the zipper to tear. My dog is in no way hard on crates and the fabric near the zipper tore and made it unusable. Disappointed.
These work great for those not so stubborn dogs. Unfortunately I have a hound dog mix, and he just barks through the sound and vibration even when it's maxed out. My border collie mix picked up right away, and I don't even have to put his on.
Large and crooked gap between insert and patio door. Like other reviews, there was not enough weather stripping included. If you order the large tall door, you can't attach the bottom bracket because the bottom section is glass. It has been installed for less than a week and the flap only closes part of the time. And despite weather stripping all the way around the insert and the front side of the patio door, I am sure I will have to remove the insert for the winter. It does seem very sturdy and useful, just needs a few improvements.
Takes two to assemble and two to get animal into and out of chair.
It came cracked right out of the box. Which leads me to believe the material is poor
Working. Excellent customers support!!!
Purchased our 3rd in Oct 2019. The battery life on the collar is nothing like the first two. The remote went on the fritz about 6 months in. I have reached out to the company 3 times with no response. Very disappointed for the money spent. The collar is a great concept and I would recommend otherwise but this last purchase has been extremely disappointing.
Didn't know how to rate this since it is for one of my dogs. Glad I could find it. Thanks for having it in stock.
a little small. might have to return it
Did not realize I had to add my own pillow. Would not buy again.
I have purchased several brands over the last few months. This one only lasted 7 days, other brands have lasted a few weeks. It was a very large size, but it just didn't hold up to my lab like some other brands have. It was pretty soft and she wore it down quickly for the price paid.
Already discoloring after two months. Works well just doesn't look good.
I didn't use this since I thought I could jimmy rig it to my canister filter but too much work getting it apart.
Not bad not great. I don't think this will work on a full-size dog my puppy gives it a run for its money. Also I could just a few days of work the button is starting to jam a bit. I use it and it gets the job done but I don't think it'll last very long probably a few months and I'll have to replace it it's not a long-term lease.
These have clasps that look like sute cat heads but the ears jab into the cat's neck like daggers.
My sister's dog did not find these to his taste. There was nothing wrong with this product. Oher pets might like them.
We have these doors installed on interior doors, so our kitty is never locked out of her litter box room. The door is small, but my large cat still can squeeze through it. The locking tab is tricky and the door gets stuck open. So it's not my favorite cat door, but the price was right and it gets the job done.
I like that the fur babies have space to do their business, but the shape makes it quite difficult to dump into a trash bag when it's time for a cleaning.
Cute but doesn't fit my dog. Donated it
This is really cool but my cat doesn't like it. I'm going to keep trying!
Only lasted 3 months, wont charge or work anymore
One of my dogs likes them, the other won't touch them... and of course the one that won't eat them needs the omegas the most. She's a “blue” and has super itchy sensitive skin. So although my other dog will have a nice shiny coat and healthy skin, it's pretty much useless for the one that really needs it. ☹️ I would've given 2.5 ⭐️ if I could've.
I found this to be very confusing how the product is a 3 pack, but you have to order by quantity with a minimum of 3. This means that you would receive 9 individual bags in three separate boxes. I ended up paying 3 times as much and getting 3 times as much as I needed. Besides the ordering snafu, the carbon works well enough. There is nothing special about it other than packaging. The bags fit well into filters, are packaged to stay clean, and are a good size. They work well and do their job.
My dog removed the main squeaker in less than 10 minutes. But she still pulls out the toys and enjoys playing with them!
Not great for small pills, but would work well for large pills I think.
We love the costume However there is a weird sticky substance Stuck on here and can't get it off so I'm not very happy about that.
Really cute fabric, but the engraving is not well done at all. This is what it looked like after just opening it. Already looks worn! The clasps feel pretty cheap. You get what you pay for I have to take it off my dog at night because of the loud clanging his tag makes on the metal buckle when he moves.
This pet vac will not fit a Shark Vacuum cleaner, the end of the pet vac hose is too small, so didn't get to try until I have a vacuum it will fit.
It does work as it claims. It's Japanese product so you know it's some invention. Fit woman hand very well, left or right. The cloth has good texture and quality although and I can wash with warm water squeeze water out and air dry. I use it every other day sometimes with coconut oil alternate with toothbrush. Although for the price I can just use old small towel because you need brush bristles to clean between teeth anyways. What more important is you commit to brush your dog teeth (after flossing your own teeth and young kiddo teeth). No body likes that routine but we love her so much so we (“I”) do it :D
My dogs shredded these toys within minutes but great for dogs who don't shred
I bought these for my dog. I had tried another brand which I liked and thought I would give another a try. The Velcro on these is way to sticky. One of these I cannot get "open" at all. I have never seen such strong Velcro. It also ran small. I got a medium for my dachshund and it is too small. It will work but bigger would be better. I will use them but won't order again.
Small and I'm kind of scared to put my cat into it doesn't look very sturdy to hold her in it
Make sure that you look at the different sizes. I have purchased other dog diapers in size medium, and they fit fine, BUT the medium size in this brand was too small. I had to return them for the size large. The replacements fit fine. When they are wet, they fall off our dog when she walks. They sit low on the back, but other brands do the same. Just watch the size/weight and make sure you have selected the correct size.
This is a really cute product, but doesn't assemble strongly... The levels come apart too easily, and I resorted to gluing them (even just to pick it up, the bottom row would fall off...). If this was corrected - if the connections of the levels were made more secure - this would be a real winner!
I think these are very good for my cats teeth but at that price, I think they are living a better life standard than I am. I wanted to try it to see if it made a difference vs Greenies which is another brand of cat chews and their teeth still smells the same.
Mine did not come with the mouse in a ball toy. Plus the balls on the tunnel weigh it so they are always on the bottom. I think cats would enjoy them more if they stayed dangling from the top. Otherwise, my kitten and my elderly cat love the tunnel, crinkle balls, and the silver vine sticks.
My cat doesn't like it
Easier to tighten than the Name Brand; last just as long and fits well.
My rescue maltipoo loves these. She takes a few days to finish them off (around the house!). However, they are rawhide and I recently heard that rawhide is not as good for your dogs as bully sticks. Your choice; as sticks they are great.
you get what you pay.
After 5 months of use, my cat snapped the front edge of the frame in half from jumping up on it. Surprisingly, the hooks haven't budged, but now the hanging edge is being held together by the fabric only.
Our dog destroyed this within several hours. I am reasonable and know my boy is a big time chewer, but thought with it being a "KONG" item, it would be a bit more durable.
I bought these for my older, ailing cat. They seemed to help him for a bit and he seemed to enjoy the taste. Unfortunately he had a stroke soon after though, so I had to have him put to sleep. :( I do think they're a good purchase for older cats, however. (The stroke had nothing to do with the treats! He was old and had one previously.)
Unfortunately both of my dogs did not like this. I'm still trying to find something I can add to dry food so I don't have to give only wet food. It looks like it worked for a lot of other people, but not us.
The ribbons are cute enough on my Maltese, but beware, these are LV, Gucci and Burberry look alikes.
I am not sure why they advertise this and then send me the orange essence 5lb pack. In my same order I already had the 2lb orange essence and wanted to try something different. I don't want to say that the birds do not eat this product. The do! But that's not the case. Please check what is your advertisement and what you sent to customers. Please sent me the correct item described. Thanks
Super cute, I bought the XS for my 6 pound long haired chihuahua and it's adorable. I am a little worried about how heavy the clasp is, though. Chihuahuas and other small dogs have such delecate necks/throats and this clasp is SO heavy so I'm hoping it'll be okay. But overall it's really cute and the heavy clasp wouldn't be a problem on a medium-bid dog!
they looked great when we got them but one of them died. The water lettuce is doing okay though
I was so disappointed in this product and I waited too long to return. Of the 3 pairs of scissor 2 wouldn't cut hot butter. The straight pair was the only one that I was satisfied with.
Two problems right away with the item that was delivered. 1. The packaging during shipment leaves a LOT to be desired. Although shipped inside an Amazon box, since there was no padding a piece of plastic meant to hold one of the clips for the top of the filter was busted through the filter box and broken off. 2. The item I received was clearly a returned item and was missing pieces. If it wasn't a time-sensitive need to get this setup I would have returned it for a replacement. Aside from those initial snags... The setup of this filter is really straight-forward. The included media is wholly contained, so there's no extra time needed to unpackage each media item, rinse and install like other canister filters. Just rinse and set into the can. The attachment of the lid is really simple. Even with the broken plastic piece when the item arrived, the way the clips are designed means I am still able to secure the lid confidently. I was initially concerned by the amount of hose included since other reviews had complained about that as well, but it proved to be more than enough and I even have left-over. That being said, my setup is a little unique as the tank is only 9" tall, and the canister filter is stored just two feet below that. I also have an inline heater which adds significant length to the return. What I really like about this filter is how easy it is to customize it. My tank is 36" x 9" x 8", so the spray bar that comes with is way too long to mount on the side of the tank. Since the pipe isn't brittle, it's really easy to shorten using a Dremel. I also drilled additional holes in the spray bar to make sure shortening the bar didn't unnecessarily increase the force of the spray. Secondarily, the intake pipe is too long too for the height of my tank, so I shortened that as needed with the Dremel. Coming from being spoiled by self-priming canister filters I did have a brief WTF moment when turning this on. But it's a super-simple process to create a vacuum through the intake tube by sucking on the end until it fills with water, close the end, reattach to the filter, then open back up and turn the filter on. Good to go. As far as noise... I *think* it's whisper quiet... I can't hear it over the noise of my Whisper brand air pumps. lol So far I'm pretty satisfied. The shipping issue definitely needs to be addressed, and quality control on screening return items before reshipping them will go a long way to prevent more people from unnecessarily re-returning those items or leaving bad reviews.
I went looking for a cat tree that was solid wood and made in the USA instead of MDF junk from China. I was so excited to find this and felt like the price was fair. However, today when I put it together, I found it to be made crooked. There are 3 levels. Bottom is level. Middle is off (image attached), the pole between middle and top level is off (image also attached of that) which makes the top level that I attached way off. We can add a washer or something at the top to level it but I would certainly have rather it come right to begin with. That's why I chose this one above others...I thought it would be better made. All that said, the cats love it. It's heavy and sturdy.
I bought Adaptil collars and spray to try and help my dogs fear of thunder. The collar and spray along with CBD oil helped 2 of my dogs, who will go to a safe closet or the bathroom. My third dog was not helped at all.
I think that this works as well as the regular types with regards to the cats being okay with it and with it clumping as it should. However I do think that it spills and tracks a little more easily than the regular type.
This arrived as described and seems to be decent quality. Our St. Bernard mix has just enough room on it to do her business but she's absolutely terrified of it. We bought this as an emergency potty spot since she had two accidents last month while we were at work but she is completely freaked out by the synthetic grass even after taking it outside and letting her do her business on it.
I ordered this for my daughter's dog. They live out of town, so I did not get to see it until today. What she received was not what was pictured. It is a fine dish, but it does not have the backsplash or the legs to elevate the bowls. Her dog is getting older and the elevated dishes with the backsplash would have been best. Very disappointing that they pulled a bait and switch.
The box is paper and it was a little smaller than expected. Not terrible for Halloween costume for a dog thou.
My three cats would not eat this!
They are exactly what they say they are... however they are pretty greasy and my 3 dogs just took em cause they did not get anything better.
it helps him to be calm during travel but i am still having trouble getting it adjusted .........i had originally purchased a medium and it was too big.....i sent it back and got a small.....i still cant get the adjustment right.....i cant get it to go smaller in the chest because the adjustment buckle stops at the harness and i cant go any further in the chest.....i gave it a 3 for fabric quality and a comfort source......but as it is its not a good fit and i cant use it to walk him as he slips out of it at the neck.
Needs something on the bottom to keep it in place. Otherwise i put something underneath it and my little dogs can get on my bed
Doesn't quite fit my car and I drive a dodge. Blows off if I look at it funny. Slightly Garbage product
My puppy is 15 weeks and ate these instantly, it did not keep him occupied. He is a pitbull and I would recommend a bigger size
Only slightly worked on one dog ... The neighbors dog who barks incessantly was not affected at all
While nothing was wrong with the leash for a few more bucks you can just buy a much nicer and better quality one.
Not bad at all. Works good but unfortunately it didnt work on my dog because of the amount of fur. Will have to purchase another one higher up. This most likely works better on dogs with not that much of a coat.
the smell turned my dog away
Notice no significant difference in barking.
Ordered an extra small but it was too big for my little kitten
It kind of works... with a lot of effort. You really have to go at it for a while. I have a husky mix that sheds like crazy. The hair gets embedded into the fabrics and it's easier to pick out by hand than with this tool. However, this tool works great for lint and other types of hair. I guess I was expecting a miracle! Well... don't expect any miracles with this if you have a pet with a coarser kind of texture.
My vet said this caused her much more congestion. I am mad at myself for spending the money and putting my dog through this.
pros: Cat loves it, easy to set up. There isnt much noise.\ cons: Broke fast, the cat was playing with it and the stick part snapped. Wasnt able to glue back together with gorilla glue, hot glue might work(i dont have). i ended up just removed the string and the elastic parts and wrapping it around my door knob, going to find a way to put it on a wall or door again. Its pretty high up, my nearly full grown cat has to jump to get it which is good and bad. Better exercise, but will hurt her joints in the long run. Dont get this if you have a small kitten or a super lazy fat cat. I doubt they will jump to play with it, but you CAN modify it and extend the string if you wish to do so.
Have a 12 week old Labrador puppy who disappears and gets underfoot and without bells I can't find he nor I trip over her when she appears! Had to use all three bells attached to her collar and at that they make such a soft noise that it only helps little. I was hoping the bells would be a bit louder. Not too loud to disturb but these are really quiet.
It is cute, but my dog refused to eat it. He eats EVERYTHING.
I purchased based on measurements I did of my dog and it definitely ran a bit large.
My dogs don't like these as much as the other dog bones we have bought
Looks fantastic, but I had to stick it to the tank with tape as the stuff it came with just didn't seem to work. The sides kept curling back no matter what I tried!
My 70 lbs dog ate this into pieces in 15 minutes:(
Product opened during shipping & leaked all over Amazon box.
The harness is nice looking, breathable, comfortable for pet, and is easily put on dog; however, the VELCRO only lasts a few weeks which causes the harness to move around and allow the dog to slip out of it. We have to purchase a new one because it no longer works as it should and we've had LESS than 2 months. Will not purchase another one of this brand.
Difficult to dump out litter but keeps my floor very clean.
This product works really well but my cat hates it. She hides under the coffee table whenever she sees it. I'm not sure what to do about this but whenever I get a couple passes through her coat the amount of hair removed is incredible!
Sometimes the bar j K Sometimes the bark collars work and sometimes the dogs do not seemed to be bothered by them and continue to bark on the walks. Overall the barking is less the problem is that I think because there is four furry friends they tend to feed off each other. I am content with the product.
This was our 50-lb samoyed's favorite toy...he spent hours playing 'fetch' with himself, and was entertained for a good while if we put some dry food in it. He could never get all the food out in one go so he'd find surprise kibble while playing days later. One day half a year later, he figured out how to rip it apart, and started eating and throwing up pieces of it. We bought a second one as replacement, thinking half a year was a pretty long lifespan for a dog toy. He chewed the second one up in 10 minutes. He's not particularly bright, so the average chewer might've figured out how to destroy this ball much sooner the first time round. Also, it smells a bit funny to me, in a perfumed, plasticky kinda way. Our dog still gives it 5 stars and says BEST. TOI. EVER.
I like this thing. It looks good and helps keep the dog hair off the rest of the car and also helps keep my trunk from getting scratched up. Although the Velcro strips it gives to keep the sides up doesn't stick to the car well at all and are pretty much useless. Otherwise fine product!
Our cat torn the mat on the second day. Not durable. I would not buy it again.
I ordered a medium for my sister's dog, a husky. It's really small. Looking at it, I would consider it small, not medium.
They liked it for a day now it's just something I step on in the middle of the night attempting to use the bathroom.
Wish the D ring was smaller. Hard to put tags on the vest.
Product is great, until the glue and black bulb for cleaning the gravel popped off
The stairs, when they arrived, were great. My smaller dogs can finally get up on my bed, and I can remove the stairs when I don't want "company." My chiweenie ran right up the stairs without hesitation, and the Manchester terrier came up with some encouragement. The stairs aren't "perfect," but they seem sturdy and solidly made. The reason for the three star review is that the delivery was over *two weeks* after the initial delivery estimate. I don't know if it was the seller, the shipper, or Amazon, but I'm starting to wonder what exactly I'm paying for with Amazon Prime...
I thought it was going to be the tall pipe and the loop but its one or the other. That was my fault I didn't take time to read all the way through. Still a good product.
This Aquarium is lovely, the pump seems to work well and so far it has done great, however... The battery powered light works for about a day and a half on the 4 hour rotation setting. It EATS batteries! I had to order a completely different light in order to stop buying AAA batteries by the case.
Hard to wash. The fur on top gets all over the sides in the wash. :/
Definitely a great product, works great. The only thing is that it looked used upon arrival. There was residue and a insect smell at the bottom of the bowl. I would of rated 5 stars but due to cleanliness and being brand newish, I gave 3. Next one I buy I will rate higher if completely brand new.
Was good but had issues with having them stay on dog
Would work for a 25 gal tank. Instructions are not very clear a off how many square inches would this bag size cover
Usually when we get the same size with other suppliers it fits, but this time came a little bit oversized
Works fine for a cleaning product but does not stop an animal from soiling in the same spot. Definitely disappointed.
Good bone my border collie is a great chewer and it's lasting a while, but it's got a pretty nasty smell to it.
If only they more sharper they would be perfect. My dog tolerates the sound its just that they aren't sharp enough to cut his hair. I say hair because he is a Yorkie.
Not as large as expected and wish the waterproof fabric was quieter.
Gracie loves them. And they don't crumble like the hard treats....no mess on the floor
Helps with the fleas, but not the eggs.
Easy to put together, dogs like . Loses a star as it could use a little more reinforcement on seams, already showing signs of strain with 50 lb dog. Decent for price.
Kind of works....if your dog is at all curious there's a solid chance it'll go straight through this barrier. Although easy to assemble, it's not sturdy and the rods break really easily.
Sometimes my cats love this stuff and other times they turn their noses up at it. Sometimes it just plain smells like poor quality fish -- even the chicken and beef sometimes have that smell. I'm not impressed. I would like to see Purina up the quality control on this product.
My review of 3 stars is based on the dispenser of the fish oil. The oil itself seemed to work pretty quickly. My cat's fur is much softer and looks healthier. The bottle top leaks terribly. When dispensed, oil collects in the lid opening where the squeeze tube descends when the bottle is closed. If not wiped up before closing, it pushes oil out of the opening and down the sides of the bottle. I wipe away more oil than is used and as a result waste more of the product than is actually used daily.
My dogs are not crazy over this flavor or brand. I don't know why, but stinks because it's not cheap! I won't buy it again
UPDATE: Messaged company and they are sending the tabs. Currently in transit. Didn't come with the plastic tabs like it says on the packaging. Can't even use them
Great concept, but poor delivery. Upon delivery, half of the sanitizer had already leaked out. The cap is not truly secure. I still like it in general.
This socks work well enough for my 16 year old elderly dog who has trouble walking because of arthritis now but the sizing is all off. They run really small and I had to spend quite a bit of time stretching out the sox in order to get them over my dog's paws .
This lasted about 2 minutes with my lab mix. It wasn't as big as I thought it was but my dog really enjoyed it for the short time that it was around. She had it destroyed in about 2 minutes.
Probably works, but fits a little large for my intake. No noticeable flow reduction.
Dusty and not a lot of bang for the buck. Have switched back to previous brand. Does its job, though.
I made little difference in my dogs level of hyperactivity. Couldn't spray him at all, made him worse and made me sneeze. Tried putting it on a paper towel and smearing it on his chest, but couldn't see that it done much for him.
I received the 5 pack of filters and noticed that the filter beads were loose in the packaging. I don't know if its me, but I am not able to find anywhere to message the company directly. The lack of customer service is frustrating, and that is why I have rated it 3/5 stars.
Well it's not going that great. It was easy to install and LOOKS really nice. The cats are having trouble with it. The clear parasitic door is kind of thick and heavy. They don't really get how to push it open with their head. Plus the opening is not as big as the circle! Because of the way the door has to open they have to squeeze thru a smaller space. I uploaded pix to help understand. Plus when they finally get thru they seem pretty annoyed that the clear flap kind of squishes their tail.... hopefully it will get better. I may just take the clear door off and let it be a cat head shaped hole.
Can't really rate on performance. I have a picky Scottie Oni had my doubts but others said their picky dogs ate thems. Kal-El at one then the second time wouldn't even touch it. If you have a picky dog buy with caution. Mine wouldn't even eat it with peanut butter lol
Nice jacket, looks very sharp. Bought an 2x for my dog ( German Short hair pointer about 67 lbs) it is a little tight. So I recommend ordering larger size. They run small.
This product broke after I used it a few times (the nylon leash snapped), which was disappointing. However, I appreciate that the manufacturer proactively reached out to me directly to offer either a free replacement or a refund for my purchase. I wasn't expecting that level of customer support, so it's obvious that the company believes in their product and the satisfaction of their customers.
Bags being biodegradeable is a major plus, the clip leaves a lot to be desired, very flimsy and keeps falling off leash
What happens if you cut the wire on accident? Is there a tool that helps you detect where the accidental cut was?
It seemed like a descent enough product. We don't use it anymore, though, because our dog doesn't like to drop the ball from his mouth: ) and there were times it would jam up.
This product was a little misleading to me, not the best for a teething puppy ice cubes work better in my opinion
Green 'shelf' and white 'dome' thing arrived broken. Have contacted seller. Will update review after they respond.
Loved the idea of the product, cheap material, doesn't last long, ruined within a week
Good for a startup tank but these get dirty quickly if you have a busy tank
Love it but did not receive the extra bows
my dog did not like this food. She was used to her Blue Bison brand food....
Very unimpressed for the price....great soft material, but it's more like a liner than an actual pet bed....very thin, I used it on top of my dogs thick bed...I've spent the same amount of money for a more plush dog bed than this...maybe for half the price it would be worth it
The shelter is great. My barn cat loves it. When I attempted to zipper the shelter together the pull tap on the zipper broke off. Needs an all metal zipper tab, not rubber. Used a pair of pliers to pull the zipper all all away around to close the shelter. How much would it have cost the manufacturer to use a metal zipper tab??? Not worth the effort to return for exchange.
I didn't last very long. The bed broke.
They do not last well at all. However for the price, they are worth it. I got the chance to see these in store and they were $5 and I would never pay that much for it
after 3 weeks it started to unwind it self
Dog is not happy with flavor so I have to hide it in cheese which defeats the purpose I believe.
The bottles were fun and cute but I ordered the beef and unfortunately got the chicken version instead.
Not great on size and did not stay on paws/feet as described.
Meh... I ordered one and I never received it. They sent me a replacement but it was crumpled and didn't hold up very well. I have lots of dogs so it got a LOT of use, it may be fine for one or two low key dogs.
The cord is not strong enough. My beagle chewed through it during a 15 minute car ride.
This seems like a good deal for a large amount of crinkle balls, however many of them (specifically the iridescent ones) are a bit bigger and a lot stiffer than the gold and silver ones in the same bag. I know this doesn't seem like a big deal, but they seem to be made from a different thickness of foil material and aren't at all "soft" as advertised - hence my cat will only play with the gold and silver ones. This renders 1/3 of my purchase obsolete, so in the long run it's not such a good deal after all.
Easy to use and I really like the way the gate is configured but was surprised the wire gauge was so fine.
It's not as I think it is..but at least,it's still able to work
I have had this doggie door since march 2019. It was fine, yet slowly but surely the flap began to not close correctly. As of now, it doesn't really close at all!!
Way too small for a small dog. Better for a tiny dog.
Seems like the product will work well. However, I am going to have to go to the tool store and buy a screw or two as the latch that locks the bowls in place was missing them.
These battery's are a little pricey, but that's everywhere. After these, I just rebuilt my old ones.
These did not fit our dog, the large size was still too small. The elastic looked to be uncomfortable. We did return them.
Picky pup doesn't like them
I bought this to use in my brass tumbler. It worked great on some old rusty reloading dies. I added a few ounces of Nu-Finish and ran them for 12 hours. Amazingly it removed the rust and left the dies looking like new. I also tried it on my empty brass, and it left them looking scratched and dull. I am glad I kept my old corncob media because it works much better for brass than the walnut shell. Be careful if using this for your brass because you might lose that new brass luster.
It seems well made, however the size small we bought for our 11 pound maltipoo seemed too bulky and stiff. He didn't feel comfortable and wouldn't walk with this on, so unfortunately we had to return the item.
Not sure how it tasted but he chewed it up ??? Guess you should not leave on when your not home? Def not chew proof. 90 pound lab ... never shocked him but did not like the beep ...
Looks ok enough. Not like the picture, but decent.
I thought my cats would really like this, but they are not really interested in it.
Well it was great until my A-hole dog ripped it open! We've had it for 2 days and she did pee on it and it was so easy to clean. So that was awesome. It's just not very durable to jerk dogs! So now she just gets to sleep on the hard mat with the cover. No more foam for her!
Disappointed nothing to hang it on cage
I like the material of this product, it's very soft. However I do not like that it is not adjustable as stated. The strap is fixed, you cannot adjust the length.
Hard to clean. Light weight
My cats had the fabric ripped within the first ten minutes after I had put it together. I'm not sure I'll ever buy another Go Pet Club piece of cat furniture again!
I got the 48 light model and it does not illuminate anything really...very dim definitely not for refugium of really any kind. Cheap though and arrived very fast...would not buy again.
It is not what I expected, it gets stuck when I use it and it looks like it is unraveling from the edges, I don't think it is going to last for long.
Cat still scatters food outside of bowl area. Big bowls but very thin.
First one came broken second one is ok but I think the other style is more accurate
This tie out is okay for calmer dogs ... but if your dog twists enough the clasp will push open so the dog can escape. I guess they don't make the lead clasps that actually stay locked anymore ... the kind that has the small hole for the slide peg to glide into and lock it in place.
After just a day the inside of the jug STINKS. It's kind of a pain because you have to twist the jug a certain way to get it out of the bowl part. I ended up getting rid of it after a week
The fluff comes off when you wipe it with a damp cloth. Other than that, it's nice and cute. Good size. Decent quality.
I recommend putting this on a corner just incase so there is a wall to help stabilize it if you have an adult or fat cat. It is soft material not like carpet. the posts could have been put on better as far as the string so it doesn't pull off when the cats scratch it. over all its good, my cat doesn't use the higher tiers and thats what worries me
The ball was definitely smaller than it thought it was going to be. Although that's my bad, as I didn't pay attention to the dimensions very closely. Otherwise the ball does as its supposed to, my hamster enjoys it although he will out grow it pretty quickly but at least we'll get some use of it lol. It also came in red!
The design is great, but not the quality. The black wood frame on our dog house was split. The wood absorbed rain water the the wall swelled. The roof also absorbed water. I had to caulk the the roof and coat the entire dog house with Thompson's Water Seal. It was very easy to put together. My 11 year old sons got it done within 30 minutes.
These were too big for budgies
My 3 month old puppy loves this toy (especially the crinkly part), but one of the rope feet tore off within 24 hours. I'm glad she likes it, but would have preferred it stay intact longer than one day.
Works amazingly! Only downside is that the bristles are not top notch. Some are already bent and I've only used it twice! I'm trying to bend them back into shape - we'll see how long they last. But no doubt this brush Works!
My dog love this but it is not as durable as I would like pieces were all over the floor but that's ok She really did like it
Eh, works ok. I appreciate that this is pet safe but it doesn't do the best job melting ice and snow. I'll look for an alternative after I run out of this.
I don't know why all of these leaders have to get stuck so often. You can unstick them, but it's annoying how often they get stuck
Very cute but my 22 lb Cavachon is 10 months old and a heavy chewer. He chewed off one of the tentacles in no time.
Cat doesn't really like it.
It's a good scooper, it is longer than most scoopers, which is why I ordered it. Unfortunately the "jaws" popped out of the hinging mechanism shortly after I got it. It pops back in, but it kept doing it and eventually the pins that hold it together broke. If this was ever redesigned to last longer or work better I would probably buy another one.
My dog loves these but unfortunately he's allergic to EVERYTHING!
I bought 3 Feliway devices to try to stop the 2 cats from fighting, a behavior that only started recently. It did seem to work after the second refill. I gave it 2 stars because it is supposed to last 30 days. 1 lasted 10 days, 1 lasted 14 days and 1 lasted 26 days. All were in the Feliway brand plug in, 1 was brand new and the other 2 had been used once before. When you need 3 atomizers to stop the behavior, replacing them every 10 days is very, very expensive
Died quick, but I am not a pro at it
Nice item but the suction cups suck. this is my second pair and it's the same. They come off shortly. Best to just let hang behind a pump or something.
We really liked this "dog coat" for our puppy until it fell off while walking through the woods. Our puppy, Peanut, likes to run into the underbrush sniffing out whatever critter has been roaming our property. The coat got caught on a branch and fell off in the brush. After finally finding it and looking it over well, we discovered the velcro-type closings had accumulated a lot of dog hair and just were not effective enough anymore to keep the coat on. Dog hair is bound to get caught in the fibers of the velcro-style closures! I came up with a fix: sewed on twill tape and parachute-type buckles - one on the neck and one on the underbelly and we have not experienced another issue. So to the seller: I think adding this -- or changing the closures from velcro-type to buckles -- would be a huge improvement!! We would have given this product a full 5 stars and a high recommendation if it wasn't for that!
I bought this harness for my 5 month old Australian Shepherd/Blue Heeler mix. I have used it for about a month now and I don't think I would buy this harness again. I constantly have to re adjust the straps because my dog pulls so hard the harness gradually gets larger.
Not my favorite. I still like the stickier tape rollers.
Good quality socks for dogs and Great idea for traction for a dog who can't use his back legs/feet well on slick floors, but on a dachshund, they slip right off or stay so low on his leg that the traction part drags and doesn't stay on the pads of his feet which is the reason for using them ...to keep him from slipping. I even tried the tape that came with it. Doxie legs are just too short for these to stay up and work well.
Smaller than I expected based on the description and the reviews. I barely notice any fragrance/scent from them either. I'll be switching back to my previous brand when I'm done with this box. They would be better suited for a medium or a small dog.
this was a ok product but cat eye is still very watery
When I ordered these, I expected it to be much thicker. I have 2 large dogs, and when they came in they looked like cat collars. But, we sized them on the pups neck and so far they have worked as expected. The feel is a bit cheap, but again they do the job. Not to bad for the price, but if I knew it at the time, I would have gone for a different model that is thicker. 3 stars.
Sadly, these break in half very easily and become a choking hazard. My Golden loved them though!
Seems just fine- not the bunnies favorite treat but hey were all different right?
Treats were heart shaped which I loved but were dry.
Seems to be of good quality, but the feeder needs to be periodically squeezed to make the food (liquid) dispense. It does not come out freely.
Got this for my Chocolate lab and love it but its coming apart on one side I have two of theses and one it good and cant use the other on
my dog smells good... still got ticks getting on her...
This is a good toy for dogs who are not powerful chewers. My dogs destroyed the toy within minutes. Still looking for a toy that lasts.
While much cheaper than PETCO these treats appear to be much older and brittle. They crumble when my pooch bites into them.
I love this leash, it is super handy and I love the pockets. Walking my dog with no hands makes our walks awesome. The downside though is that after only a couple weeks the neon fabric ripped. I was able to sew it back, but probably not very strong. Granted I do have a puppy, but he is not very strong, so I would not recommend if your dog pulls at all or if you have a puppy.
Dogs absolutely love this toy. It keeps them busy for hours. The reason I rated this a three is because it is very hard plastic that beat up the baseboards as the dogs chased it through the house. Better suited for the yard or basement.
Wonderful concept. Didn't work for our large cat.
Fits body good but too long underneath he peed all over it
This is a little awkward for a medium size dog. 37 lb Poodle. The harness slides forward. Looks great in the picture but it's not that easy. It did help though, after surgery my dog could not put any weight on hind leg. I would reccommend for a bigger dog.
Would work great for larger dogs. Too strong elastic for smaller dogs.
Not as good as it was described. I am not happy with this product at all. Not high quality.
My dog refuses to let me use this on her. So IDK if we like it or not.
Not as heavy duty for my 50 pound pit.
Ok for whelping box base layer. First use with this product line. Washes up well but urine soaks right through. I would layer absorbent pads on top to switch out. Also, the surface is slippery and difficult for my puppies to stand and have traction to walk. So I only really used this during the first week with my boxer pups. I also use the grey nonskid backed sheepskin and hospital type pads but was looking for more floor coverage in my box. This may be good for another smaller breed that doesn't circle and nest as hard as boxers do. But just didn't suit my needs.
None of our dogs like these. They won't try to chew them at all.
Bags are smaller than expected. Sometimes they are hard to tie up. Ran into a few rolls so far that have had tears. Making them unusable.
This was my second time buying this product and this time it only lasted for about one day.
1 star for the product- it did not work at all, either it was glued together backwards or there was something defective with the syphon bladder. (It wasn't user error, I bought a very similar one from a pet store and it worked fine. ) 2 extra stars for the return process. I had to send it back, which is annoying(but understandable). I guess I've been spoiled by sellers who don't require the broken item back ;)
Can't use them yet these leashes are very heavy
I gave a 3 because their size chart is not correct, my dogs waist is 10” so I went with the S as they suggested. It will go on but is too big and falls off :( I'm ordering the XS even though it says under 8” and I hope it works! Seems to be a quality product although I haven't been able to use it.
My order arrived last night but it didn't come with a dropper, so I was unable to try it on my dog. For $34.99, I expected the dropper to come with the tranquility blend - as shown in the photo. I didn't read any indication that it wasn't included.
It's a love and hate review. Upon giving to her for the 1st time... within 30 minutes my 20 lb dachshund chewed off the end (bits and pieces)... BUT her teeth were significantly cleaner.
Item was as described and worked well for what I needed. I was not happy with only receiving 95 out of 100. I expected 100 and now I'm short for my project.
we received the full size one and not the small one.
Mostly okay. So far, it is kinda/sorta a good thing. My pup doesn't mind them much. The towelettes help get the gunk from under his eyes.
I got this so that my boxer wouldn't jump on us while he we played tough a war with him. He really likes the toys but within a day the metal piece had come off. He had also been able to chew right through the rope so I had to retie it.
Not good for a farm dog
Pup doesn't like it as well as old one
The first one didn't work at all and the second one doesn't work with the charger that was sent with it. I kept it because there was no option to trade it back in for a new one. I don't want to keep getting refund and paying again. I would have preferred the option to trade for a new one. Thank you anyway. My dog Willow...he loves it.
I can't truthfully rate this item yet. Have not had to put it to use. However, when the temps drop I'll find out. I hope the heated bed meets my expectations for keeping the watch dog happy.
Seemed to help a bit. My dog gets anxious in the car. Was still anxious.
Be careful when purchasing this product. I really liked the product in theory because it seemed very sturdy and well-made. However, the sizing only takes into consideration the snout measurements. When I got this in the extra large size for my Great Dane, the muzzle portion fit very well but the strap that connects behind the ears was nowhere near long enough. I am returning it for that reason, and I wish they had a larger size because it does seem like a quality product. If you have a dog that doesn't have a giant head, this may just be the perfect product for you LOL
The decals are great, didn't come with the wallet cards.
Super bright. Battery life is short to heavy for a small dog
I got the large size for my 25 lbs beagle. The dog sits in the bag without much problem. But the shoulder strap is too narrow, the total weight kills my shoulder. I really cannot imagine having this bag and my dog on my back for a bus ride longer than 10 minutes. I plan to return it. If your dog is below 20lbs, I would say it is worth trying. The quality of the bag is not great but acceptable. The buckles are flimsy, I don't think they will last long with a heavier dog.
Not bad. I have a longhair chihuahua and it was a mission but after like an hour or more got the job. I mean it's not that bad in all honesty.
The bottom blade is plastic. Does a fair job of getting through my dog's curly hair if I take it very slow.
When my chinchillas were still babies, this wheel worked well for them, so long as the bottom stand was weighted down with granite blocks to keep it from tipping. It is noisy, so I do not know why it is called silent. It can be heard from rooms away. But noise aside, this wheel is not sturdy enough for larger chinchillas. Mine are just over 1 year now, and this wheel simply is not rugged enough to handle them.
COMPARED TO THE COST AT PET STORES THIS WAS NO FRILLS VERY FLIMSY BUT DID THE JOB. SQUEEZE PUMP IS EASY TO SQUEEZE BUT I WORRY IT WILL NOT LAST LONG. BUT I COULD BUY 3 FOR COST OF A FANCY ONE SO I FEEL IT WAS A GOOD BUY.
It is not working for supposed be My dog is sleeping there. This is not looking like a grass. Even it we put the pad there, still not working like dogs bathroom
I replaced the old water bottle with this one but for some reason my bunny won't drink out of this one. I've tried treat I've tried showing him- I put it in the exact same place but somehow it must be different.
Although this is one of the cheaper automated cat litter units we have tried (and we have tried pretty much all of them) you will be replacing it pretty much yearly - the motor to make the tray travel will wear and it will stop cleaning. That said, for the price and convenience, I am now on my third unit is as many years simply because it is the most reliable and easy to clean compared to the others that I have spent much more on! BTW, I have two adult cats and they are unfazed by it and actually watch the motion when it cleans after them!
Maybe I have a picky guinea but he doesn't even get close enough to chew on it. Maybe it's my guinea but he does chew on other things. So I gave it three stars just in case I have a picky guinea.
The diapers seem well-made. However, I apparently chose the wrong size. I have a fourteen year old dachshund and the diapers will tape shut snugly but are so short on her rump that they just pretty much slide off. Haven't worked for me, and not sure I will gamble another $20 or so to try a larger size.
Although I like the product because of the convenience it provides, I don't like that it quickly browns and becomes unusable. Due to the lengthy shipping time, the grass loses a week of usability and sometimes only stays green for a week. I continue to buy this product because it helps in making morning and late night potty breaks much easier since I live on the top floor of my apartment building. However, I have looked into other options since I feel like I am having to purchase this product too often for the price.
The table is fine but the problem I'm having is that it's low so you bend over to groom a very small dog. I actually need a table that is counter height because my dogs are only 3 to 4 pounds. The arm does not work well either for them. It's not a large table but big enough for a small dog. It's just not comfortable to groom bending over like that
Bought 3 of these. They work when they work; neighbor's dogs stopped their constant barking. . Rain gets into the sensor/ transmitter and must dry out before they work again. As mentioned often, batteries must be replaced about every 2 weeks. Recommend getting bulk quantities of batteries...easy to get through Amazon.
These go stale quickly. The effect isn't as good as using the capsules with food.
Cute sweater. However, there is no way for a male dog not to pee on it because it is too long on the underside. My dogs are Min Pins and weigh 9 to 10 pounds.
My 12 pound Chihuahua/Jack Russell Terrier loved this as a topping for his kibble so I reordered it and then I read the ingredients and was shocked to find out that the ingredients are very low quality. I have decided to go back to the high quality fresh/raw refrigerated food I can get at the local market or feed store and chop that up as an added topper to his quality kibble
This is good for occupying my German shepherds for about 5 minutes. Good little puzzle but could be more challenging
UPDATE: We have had this gate for 1 week, and my dogs knocked it over. When they did, the end panel split off from the other panel (broke off). The pictures you see posted of the broken gates is exactly where mine broke, except mine broke completely off. We are making it work because 2 panels fits perfectly ok front of my stair entry. We still have the feet on the two panels. So it breaks easily, but I'm not too upset. I'll use this until I find a wrought iron gate! ************* Works in front of my stairs! I got the smaller height hoping it wouldn't be too short. It's perfect in front of the bottom step of our stairs. The dogs don't even try to jump it, but they are generally good with respecting a gate or barrier of any sort. It is still tall enough for them to not see it as an easy jump. They are Pitt Bull/Lab and Pitt Bull/Boxer mixes so they are considered medium height. If you plan to put it in front of something and are trying to just step over the gate, probably go with the shorter height gate like I did. We don't typically move the gate unless we are carrying something up the stairs. We just step over onto the next step up. I have wood laminate floors, and I'm really glad I bought the feet that are recommended or listed as "people who buy this also buy..." I think they are worth it. If you plan to keep it completely straight against something, get the feet. The gate's stability, when stretched out completely straight, is compromised. I didnt need the linger version either. I got the three panel. I have a standard size stairway opening.
There aren't many shots in each one of the cannisters so your dog better learn quickly or you will be spending way more money on these than you anticipated. They just run out of air too quickly. For the price they are charging, it just seems they could have made a bigger can with more air in it.
Good. Cat plays with it.
Good buy dog liked it
This blanket is very soft and seem to do the job.
Nice but within a week the little rhinestones are all falling out.
If your cat doesn't care about eating crumbs, then go ahead and try this food. I like this food because it has the urinary tract benefits with a good ingredient profile (unlike some other urinary tract brands). I always add water to my cats' kibble. It isn't the most tasty food, and the transition was slow, but my 2 cats did eventually switch over successfully. Unfortunately, one of my cats does not want to deal with crumbs, and it seems like each bag I buy has more and more crumb fragments. I would highly suggest Wysong switch to a disk-shaped kibble, as the quality control is lacking. I have bought other brands who have no problems keeping their X- and Y-shaped kibble intact. I have also found that the price fluctuates here on Amazon. If the 5lb bag is much higher than $14 or so, go over and check the price at Chewy.com. At the end of the day, I will no longer be buying this food because, while nutritious, I don't want a bag full of crumbs.
Have not used it yet!
It's beautiful but had the wrong yr of death on it. Been trying to get them to respond for 4 days to see if the 2 can be turned into an 8 but they have failed to respond to me as of now . I'm willing to pay the shipping!
Very thin, had to double up and I have a 6 lb. Maltese.
quality needs improvement & design needs tweaking.
The kennel is amazing. Would have given it 5 stars if the metal wasn't dented in several areas, maybe during shipping.
I purchased this harness to give as a gift to my daughter for her rabbits for Easter. When I opened the package to look at it, it was covered in fur. It's all stuck in the velcro too. I purchased a new harness but it has obviously been used and I am not able to give it as a gift.
The dogs are chewing them to pieces, but they did last a while before that.
Makes my dog very itchy. Switched to organics.
These pads work well, however they are a bit small. I feel like using a warm wash cloth is better for getting the "gunk" out of my dogs eyes.
Possible glue issues. Ive used soft caps for a year now and this particular brand have popped off quickly. Im thinking the glue was possibly old
It doesn't work like I expected to.
the bone is nice but our dog wasn't much interested in it.
This type of balance harness was recommended by our trainer. Our 4 month old puppy liked it better than his previous harness as he would get his leg caught in the neck hole in the old one. At first, it was perfect! Then he figured out he could reach it with his mouth. The chewing with puppy teeth began. The chest strap was no match for how razor sharp his teeth are. If you have a dog, I think this would work great. If you have a puppy, it will probably last 3 weeks. Save your $50 and find something that can hold up better.
My dog chased it down 3 times and came back shaking his head and the entire thing fell apart.
Item is as ordered...too bad my dogs won't touch it.
We all know that there is a huge problem affecting the vitamin and supplement industry. You can perform a quick search to learn that many (human) vitamins do not contain the ingredients listed on the lable, or the potency is severely compromised. Given this, I was even more concerned about the purity of animal supplements. I called the company a few months ago requesting lab certification showing the potency and accuracy of the ingredients. I received no call back. That's concerning.
Look good, but as usual I'm asked to rate something before I have the chance to try it.
Check valve stuck pretty quick but does not stop the siphon. I would have liked a better way to attach the file to the vacuum the black fitting fell out easily. Hose a little short for my application .
Product arrived quickly and as described. I installed it with the tape, not wanting to put holes in my wall for a more sturdy installation. I added catnip. Unfortunately, neither of our 2 cats wanted anything to do with device. We tried introducing them to it; gently stroking them with it but no go. Just our cats. Other cats will probably love it. Just our luck.
Hard to blow up & keep air in while putting stem in. My cat has been chewing & licking his tail til it's raw. Vet suggested this.
Contains copper, which is not listed in the ingredients on the website.
I liked the litter, but my cats thought it was a snack.
There was a small rip in the back of my bag and pangea coated the inside of the box a bit.
A little disappointed with this. Wish it had the twine around the polls for the cats to scratch on. Also, material used sheds quite a bit.
A bit expensive and I didn't like the way it smelled at all.
Curved scissors quickly became useless.
It didn't work for our needs. It's a nice looking product but without a way to attache it to the the bottom of my stairs it was too easy for my pet to knock it out of the way.
I was really hoping my cats would like this after reading other reviews. They ignore it unless I push the ball back and forth, and even then they lose interest pretty quickly . Disappointed.
Caught under door and sliced right in half 2 weeks after purchase. The first one didn't do that. It's locked up in the pod.
Not good for aggressive chewers, my puppy chewed up within one day. Good toy but not for chewers
I had to ziptie every single corner about 3 times, my product came broken and I had to fix it, cheaply made and I wasn't impressed....but the size is great for price. You will need zip ties for smaller rats, the bars were super unevenly spaced.
I bought the product for my dogs and one of which was the wrong size, so I reordered the correct size. And this is what I got. A used, hairy, smelly harness. This is a great product, but really makers?? Why would you send me someone else's harness!?!
It's sufficient. If you have a dog with a lighter coat, this would work. I have a dog who's part poodle and these clippers don't seem powerful enough to trim him. Also, the battery drains pretty fast too.
Its a bit louder than I would like and it takes a little bit to break in. From there it works as advertised but it is really sensitive to pretty much anything. I feel like I am constantly adjusting it and there really should not be a need for that. The cup is also a bit annoying to take off and on if you are relying on the suction cups for mounting.
It's good for what it is, but it is too large to get in my 22 lb Boston Terrier's mouth. She doesn't like it at all.
I tried it for several weeks....I just couldn't adjust to the smaller shovel, the hit it just right opening or you make a mess etc. I clean out the cat litter daily, and the old plastic bag standard still works better for my set up. The item itself works great, no odor, easy to take out the bag of litter etc...but with two cats, it just didn't work for me.
No issues with the product. Just my dog will not sleep on it. 😑
the launcher is great the chuckit brand ball doesn't last long at all
I see improvement with my Great Pyrenees but it's hard to get him to eat these. Update - he won't eat these anymore. What can you do.
I bought the product in March and in June the collar stopped working. I hope that I will be able to replace the collar at no cost to me.
I only gave 3 stars but not for quality issue. Not sure if I missed detail in description but these were much smaller than I was expecting. Have ordered larger ones just like them prior and thought getting the same size this order. My dogs love these balls! I thought ok on size this time, would just give to my Jack Russell since larger ones were hard for her to get mouth around very well. My Dobie had different opinion! She wanted to claim both of these new balls! I'm hoping to order larger size soon and maybe she will relinquish both the smaller size to JR. Quality is great, Dobie likes to hold in her mouth and squeeze it repeatedly and stands up to that great. The only real issue I've experienced is keeping balls from getting lost under furniture etc. Dobie will show me which place its hiding and I have to retrieve or she whines at me til I do.
Two out of three cats don't like them. Maybe the rating should only be two stars? The look and smell fine, and their texture seems fine too, but the cats don't like 'em. They'll chase them (snacks are little balls), but not for eating, thank you.
Adequate. I don't like the scooping edge; the edge is not smooth making it somewhat difficult to scoop
I am giving this 3 stars because the product is exactly as described, not sticky, easy to mold, and work with. I foster cats for a few local groups. More times than not one needs some kind of medication. I am currently caring for 8 cats, 1 needing 1/2 a pill 2x's a day. I have tried everything but the minute she taste that pill that is the end of hiding it in the pill pockets, cheese, cream cheese, or whatever else I can think of. I have broken the pill into smaller pieces, changed bowl types, and feeding place...nothing was working. Well, she won't touch this product either and neither will 5 of the other cats. This is probably great for dogs...not so much for cats. Maybe if were a fish or chicken flavor...
There are much better products then this one.
So I measured my dog for this harness and it was a little snug around his neck. But the medium is too big for him. It'll work.
is not seatbelts friendly
I wanted to like this litter. The reason it slides out of the box/doesn't stick as much to the box as other litters is that the particle size is very very small. Which also means, that it gets EVERYWHERE even with a hooded litter box with a mat, and doesn't vacuum or sweep up well. It also doesn't clump well, disintegrating into tiny pieces too small to sift. I will be switching to something that clumps better and doesn't track all over my house.
I was hoping this would last like the extreme Kong, but within one hour my pit bull/boxer cracked the long thin middle. Can't say I'm very surprised since most toys don't last long with her, but the original extreme kong has held up for several months and just now has dents at the treat opening. Hopefully she can just chew on the ends for a while.
I'm a little disappointed. The refillable treats don't click/lock into the bone the last several bones I purchased. They just fall our defeating the purpose.
It is impossible to split pills in half i have e kittens 1 adult i had to soak them in alittle milk. That took over 2 hours so i hope it did the job
The lid often comes completely off when I am opening it up. The "lock" opens up easily compared to my other "fresh" container. Compared to the other, I don't feel this container truly keeps the dog food fresh. It just operates cheaply.
I gave it three stars because it's cute and it fit my dog. But she pulled too hard and one of the clips broke! Not to mention the part that fastens into the seat belt lock in the car, she continuously pushes it with her paw and lets herself go! Either I have a really smart dog or it's just not a perfect design. I can see why people buy the ones that attach to the bolts under the seat so dogs can't release themselves! That is what I'm ordering next plus a new harness since this one is now broke and no use to me.
Stop the leaks immediately.
Very sturdy and durable but I wish the tag loop was further from the buckle. Whenever my dog shakes herself off her tags hit the buckle and it's super loud. You can't move the tag loop from its position. Other than that, my dog seems to like it and it's very well made.
My puppy is wild and the water spills often. She likes to chew on the rubber part. Eventually chewed it up so we had to throw it away. Flimsy
This was suggested size for my dog and it seemed to be comfortable for him. But he was able to escape from it very quickly. He slipped right out of it a couple times. This made very uncomfortable since my dog is easily startled and is a runner. I need to know he is secure and will not get away.
My dog didn't really like these, had to give them away. I hate giving bad reviews just b/c my dog didn't like them but it is what it is.
My dog is a super aggressive chewer, so he gets fixated on shredding and destroying anything. I purchased from these guys twice, and the first antler I got was months ago, and it's still going strong. Some antlers chip and shave off right away, and this one has been taking a long time to get to half the size of its original size. 2nd purchase though, however, was a lot skinnier and "softer" antler than the first one, and it was gone within a couple weeks. I wish I could get something similar to my first purchase every time.
Seems to work if I spray heavily and often. You can not use once and be done with it. You need to use regularly.
Easy to assemble and all the pieces were actually included. Down side is it is for a small to medium size cat which my wife's cat is not.
Not as good as the reviews I read and put trust in, but customer service is second to none!
Not for heavy chewers
My dog (very picky) won't eat this!
Comfortable to wear inside the house and or as pajamas
I like that they are made with good nutritional products for my cat but he isn't so thrilled about the taste.
These are hard to get on properly and do not stay on well. My cat loses 2-3 caps a day. It is sad that they do not stay on well as it leave me with few options other than declawing.
Could not really tell a difference in our dog's symptoms.
Easy to use. First one I bought, the receiver didn't beep. I asked for a return, before I could return the old one, the new one had come in-great customer service. So far, I have no issues with it. I have a Catahoula that I like to keep in my yard of 15 acres, works great. I would recommend this product.
At first the cat loved them but they were very crisp. After about a week they tend to not be very crisp anymore and the cat is not as eager to eat them.
I bought this as a travel set- if you have a big dog (choc lab- 100 lbs) it may not work for you. The bowls are petite for a big head and the water splashes out of the bowl - needs towel underneath. I am using it but wish the large was truly large and not for a small- Med. Size dog.
Very flimsy. Not sturdy enough to withstand wear and tear of pets.
had expected it to be greener
Could not get our pom to keep these shoes on. She would do her Doggie dance till she got these dancing shoes off. Never got to give them a fare test.
Item description says 4 scissors, only received 3
Unfortunately, the containers I purchased develops algae less than a week after use. Both containers are kept out of the sun. What gives? Am not happy. Have a dozen hens and 3 roosters in separate areas.
This works pretty good but the panel just below the battery door broke off, if it was waterproof it's not now!
These rings are too large for my shears. They are not even close- unfortunately I have to return them. The quality seems nice. If your shears have giant finger holes the rings might fit. I only gave the low 3 stars because they are so unusually large.
Good product but when shipped from Amazon don't expect it to be in the package. Completely exploded! Not impressed.
Purchased for a German Shepard. We were very excited to get this crate to make traveling with our pup less of a hassle. We used it at home a few times to help her get used to it before we used it when traveling and had no issues. First time we used it outside of our home, she ripped through the fabric by pushing on the mesh and was able to tear it enough she could get out of her crate. Very surprised as the fabric seems like it would be very strong.
The balls too heavy for the string eventual ripped quickly
Made our pups throw up.
Doesn't really work that well on my Australian Cattle Dog.
Nice quality. Size is good. Only negative is I ordered a yellow and there's a large black mark on it.
Disappointed. I thought these were long lasting. My German Shepherd basically swallowed it whole; my lab was done in 2 mins and my bulldog was done in about 60 seconds. For the price, I was expecting them to last much longer than they did.
You will have to continue buying their size bags, and their bags rip and tear when you put them over the scooper like pictured. I returned mine, I didn't want to have to be continually washing the scooper due to not using or the bag tearing.
Guess I'm not too crazy about this item. It doesn't collect my cat's hair very well and gathers it all up by his tail. I can get some to stick on the glove with a little persuasion. Once some sticks, then more will stick. But it still leaves a pile by his tail.
Like the box, but the clip that holds it to the cage is small and broke.
very thin and does not excite my 53 lb chocolate lab mix
Cute but not the strongest. It is not free standing like the picture. It comes with a little string you have to use to tie up the top.
Not as easy ato clean as advertised. For a poop box, it's a 10. Pee box, it's a 3 out of 10.
smaller than I expected
I pay at my locale store $2.25 per can ...this is $3 per can ...shop around. It is a good food and my dogs love this formula
Updated review. The battery life is awful on this thing. When I need it most because the dog is outside being annoying, it doesn't work one bit. Ugh!
Nice design! The quality of the product is nice, I just feel the product is still over priced But works well
Product is ok. It's a little to slippery, does not stay on sofa well even though it's tucked in
My birds still making mess...
I got this and it worked great for the first 2 months. Now, if my dog cries even slightly it goes off. If another dog barks, it goes off. Great product when working correctly.
Not good for anything but small dogs, very cheap seeming
These are much smaller than we thought they would be. They work ok but are easy to lose and would benefit greatly from a larger and longer handle.
destroyed within hours of opening
The cat did not like it, but it is well built
My dog seems to find them comfortable enough, and the instructions they came with were pretty thorough. However, one of the straps is already starting to fall apart a bit, I've only had them for a week.
Love the design but the construction is terrible. The feather structure broke off after a few days of light playing. It's held together with a few light drops of glue on flimsy plastic. The wand is reusable with other toys, however, because of the clip on.
My dog LOVES apples and veggies. He will eat an apple before he eats chicken. Weird I know. I thought he would love these then instead of beef or chicken flavor treats. He ate them but was not crazy about them. They did not work well for training because he was not crazy enough for them to work for them.
The typical Quality is there. But, and this is a BIG BUT I am disappointed the picture and description clearly states yellow as well as the packaging and this is not yellow. It's more of a burnt orange. The dress pictured makes you think of Sunflowers and Warm Summer Days Yellow Sunshine...This is the first time I've been disappointed by Fitwarm this is like waiting for homemade Mac and Cheese and getting Blue Box! GAG BARF!!!
The cover material is not very comfortable for the dogs. It's great since it's waterproof but dogs don't prefer to lay on it so it's not useful.
Be sure this is what you want it costs the same amount just to return the product
We're normally fans of this food and our pug liked it too. However, we just received a shipment that has been recalled based on both lot # and SKU.
My cat does like them, so I gave it 3 stars, but the whole purpose was to help clean her teeth, and they are just too tiny to do anything for her teeth. She had bad breath and these did absolutely nothing, no surprise because she essentially swallows them whole. Instead, I put a couple drops of Apple Cider Vinegar into her water every day. Within a week her breath problem was solved. I won't be buying these again because they're simply ineffective.
To be fair, this is the first shoes I've ever bought for my dog. They will be the last also. The design of these booties and probably all others make it extremely difficult to put on a dogs paws. Someone needs to design a shoe that is easier to put on.
To small for a Dodge Ram 1500 quad cab It is nice quality though
The wand is great, but the feathers fall out VERY easily. Cats like it.
We ordered the large for our 35 pound Basset mix (long and short), but it was too small around her chest and belly. We returned it. I ended up buying one from TJ Maxx.
They are good for smaller dogs however come unhooked with a larger dog
Good sturdy little house, a bit small but like the "escape door" for ferals. Only issue I have is that I was going to order another one (about 2 weeks later) and found the price had increased over $10. It was already pricey at about $70 compared to other outdoor houses and $80 is just way too much so overall satisfaction took a hit. Would consider ordering again if the price comes down.
Cover is almost pointless. Used the template but will have to go back and trim out more because the sides are pinching the flap and not letting them settle back into place leaving big gaps. I'm hopeful trimming the door more will solve this. Seems like cheap materials. I had one of the plastic screws break on me after it was installed.
I have not used it yet but it is on the small side. I am going to use it and see how he likes it. It is light which is what I need
These were cute, but not durable enough for my medium sized mutt that loves to chew. Toys didn't last a week.
Seem to work. The cats did Not starve
I like smelling and the safety even my bichon Ari lick it it doesn't harm to her but I don't think her facial became really white though. My puppy doesn't have tear stain anyways. I use it for my bichon ari's on face only.
Just like Asian/ European clothing models, their dogs must also be a size X-medium :)-Cool basket, good quality as I felt safe with my dog inside. However , it's not sized right. I I have a 10lb Pomeranian and he barely fits. He had to lay inside the entire ride as he had no room to freely stand. I'm my honest opinion this will not fit most mini breeds, maybe a "T-cup"
Very hard bones compared to what I am used to for Nylabone products.
Doesnt look like the picture but giving it 3 stars because my dog likes it
2 out of my 3 cats like this food
Worked great, I ended up buying 2 packs because we cut the straps when the pups were newborn because we couldnt get the straps to stay put and then bought another set when they grew. There is not velcro all the way through them. Next time I will probably go to lowes and buy the ones for electrical cords and such. They have the same colors but they are a little stronger and velcro all the way around.
Got this for an aquaclear, works fine. Ordered this Jan 12th, as of today (March 2nd) an elbow broke on me. I was just trying to twist it off; it was even still wet and the plastic broke. So now the prefilter is 90 degrees to the intake of the Aquaclear lol. It's still functioning fine, though.
This did not work for my dog. The first few times he got a puff of the citronella spray in his face it startled him and he stopped barking. Once he got used to the puff it no longer bothered him and he continued to bark. I was very hopefully but this did not work on my corgi.
This little guy had to get a haircut (cut the whispy fur on top of his head) right away. Poor design flaw there as the fur is so fine it's way too tempting. It looks thicker in the photo. My dog went straight for it and he's not a destructive dog. Thus minus two stars. Otherwise, excellent Kong knot toy - we have 8 we rotate through.
I followed measure guidelines before ordering but after I put the harness on, kitty walked out of it and I returned to seller. Even though measure scale is available, each cat and dog could still measure differently. Otherwise, harness is sturdy and seller was gracious and understanding when I explained why I returned it.
My cat refuses to step on the mat, so instead of a ring of litter on the floor around the litterbox I have a ring of litter on the floor around the mat. Not the products fault, but still something to keep in mind. If your cat isn't a jerk like mine is, might work great.
Sorry, for the cost and the effect it had on my dog it was too expensive. Will go back to my other brand.
It required a difficult internet search to find instructions on how to adjust the frequency. Otherwise the item was as described.
Sweater is soft and warm but this is not red, more like reddish orange, doesn't make sense for a Christmas sweater but my sweet girl still loves it.
I am still working on crate training my two puppies so I have not used these much. I dont want to say " they are great" when I have not had much experience yet. I will come back and edit my review when they have more exposure. But so far so good!
It took me seven min and 30 seconds to put it together, from opening the box to completing the dog house. With that being said it is lightly thrown around by my 7 mo old beagles. Also, take out of the box extremely carefully, or you could chip a piece out if the edge. Also, the packaging is very then. So, if a mail person tosses it around it could damage very easily.
My moms cats enjoying it
My dog didn't like them but it's a great idea! We'll keep trying to get him used to them
Operates as a trash bag and fits the can, but does nothing to prevent odor like the name brand.
breaks easily, but its good for a laugh. Dont expect much.
The tips to the wands detach and fall apart after some play time. Unless you have some sort of very strong glue the wand becomes useless and you're stuck with a lot of toys.
It is a pretty cool ball, my dog loved it for about 2 min then it popped should have read the reviews
Soooooo cute. But unfortunately, it's like a bad Tupperware where the lid never quite fits on correctly. It might because the kitty was delivered in a box that was too small, smashing it into the box and altering its shape a little bit. I'm not quite sure. But I fumbled with the lid for 5 straight minutes and couldn't get it to click. Promptly put it back in the box and am returning.
Used these before and they work great and last long, but this last time I bought these they sent me the intense instead of infrared it was the same watts but still I was looking more for a red light. Didn't worry about returning sense the only different was the color still worked tho.
Hard to get good range
It took him two days, but my determined parakeet figured out how to squeeze himself between the bars and escape. Fortunately, I was there and we had a smaller cage I could put him into. So I've spent over $45 (tax, you know) on a cage I can't use. I can't return it because it would cost me upwards of $15 deducted from my refund price.
Received the puzzle bowl yesterday and been used twice. It has slowed her down and she has to take her time eating - just what we wanted. The reason for three stars is two of the rubberized anti-sliding plugs on the bottom have come off. (Pic is the bottom of bowl.) I cannot find them. I am afraid that she has eaten them!!
DO NOT purchase this from AMAZON!!!! This ITEM is way OVERPRICED!!!! Found same BRAND in a LARGER SIZE for HALF of what AMAZON charged me!!!! Will NEVER make this MISTAKE again!!!!
We have several styles of frisbee for my obsessed cattle dog, and this is the only one he won't even touch. It's very heavy with an inch or more lip. He's 35 pounds so maybe it would work better if you have a bigger dog.
Our Doberman pup likes the taste just fine but each of these chewies disappears in less than two minutes of active chewing. Perhaps these are better suited for a smaller dog with weaker jaws and teeth...
The product itself may be good but it gave our cat terrible diarrhea. A trail down the stairs terrible :o. He was given less than a 1/16 of a teaspoon and it recommends a full teaspoon. Since we did not use it enough to tell if it works, I gave it 3 stars.
It does not fit right. It went to far back on him, it pushed his tail down and it made it impossible for him to take care of his business.
so cute in pics, but I have a shy hedgie who hates it. it was a good try though!
I love Repashy products and have been using their MRP diet for almost a year and a half now. My Gecko absolutely loves the Purple Superfoods MRP that I buy. So I figured I would give this one a shot, apparently its not appetizing to him. Also I am not sure if it was just the batch I got or if they are all that way, but it smelled atrocious. Where as the one I normally buy smells like banana ( or according to my fiance Fruity Pebbles) this one definitely did not smell good. I am giving this three stars for the fact that customer service was great in helping me return this and get a refund so I could order the stuff he actually likes. Again maybe it was just the one I received or my Gecko just really doesn't care for that flavor.
They look, but dont care about it
I was looking for something new and my dog liked them at first but seemed to be over the flavor before the bag was done. He also threw up 2x during the 7-10 days we had these and what he threw up was white, so I think these didn't sit well with him and he got bored of them anyway. Since I think these upset his stomach I would never give them to him again anyway, but as he got bored of them quickly as well, it doesn't say too much about them, at least for us. We'll stick with bully sticks and earth animal no hide products.
My dogs are not really like it, not sure it helps their tartar
They are what they said it was, but my cats didn't take to them.
Kept Macaw entertained for an hour before it was completely demolished
This product is cheaper online, but my dog does not like the flavor.
My dog loved it and it was cute. However, it didn't last very long before my dog ripped it into pieces. Now we have part of the body and head, a separate tail and no arms. The clicker and stuffing (minimal stuffing) was ripped out within less than 30 minutes. But the dog loves to play with the pieces!
My hamster doesn't really like them. She puts them in her cheek and just spits them back out in the corner. Never actually eats them.
Love these bags but they didn't come with any twist ties or any other way to close them. I don't think I've ever bought treat bags that didn't come with at least a basic twist tie. I ended up having to buy additional items to seal the bags. FYI it's very hard to find twist ties alone to purchase in stores!
It's ok. Pet needs to be still in it, otherwise they can easily jump out of it.
Not that effective, better than nothing.
not really noticing any difference in my anxious dog. she likes the taste at least
My dog knocks the bowl and fastener off of the crate easily, even when it's in a corner. It needs a better fastening point to grip the bars.
Only temporary fix, smell came back.
The bed is pretty much what i expected. My dog is not terrible impressed. He loved his last bed. The design of this throws him off. While rolling over hw panics feeling as if he'll fall. He uses it basically just as i use my own pillow instead. Its ok. Big and comfy. Probably best for a corner rather them standing alone
The were ok... the suction cups started to fail after a month in the tank
Incredibly hard to assemble!! I tried, 3 of my friends tried and we could not get this bed assembled. Finally asked a handyman who struggled with it for 10 minutes and then got it together. But I am concerned about when I want to wash or replace the bed...as I will not be able to put it back together again.
Received with scratch on top and both front corners on the top are damaged.
I had to use their sticky tape which after only 3 weeks is peeling off and then the net only lasted one ride with my 60lb dog. It was a nice idea but was cheaply made. Will probably look around next time for something better. Will still do the job just wish it fit better and was made a bit better.
I bought two. One failed. It just went to 0 on the display and wouldn't respond to charging or anything. Did trouble shooting on the phone with amazon rep who kept calling me sweetie. Amazon is refunding my money for the one. I have to buy another one for my other dog.
My cat chewed the plastic connector (just a thin plastic ring) so don't let your cat chew it after 'capturing'. Not as effective with just one half.
I bought this back in November 2018. Loved it, but it recently stopped rotating and I haven't been able to fix it :(.
Wife wouldn't let me use it. Seemed well made and works.
Great quality but this is my second one and no matter what the fit is, my dog still pulls. To the point where she gags on the front lower neck piece of the harness
jacket is made very well, but the rear straps are useless. need to redesign, so that the side velcro attachment is further back on the jacket keeping the rear part of the jacket in place. or have a second velcro towards the rear eliminating the straps
Previously I gave this product 4 stars and want to revise that. They have raised the price by $4. No longer a good price but still a decent product.
it really takes some coaxing for her to eat them.
I would love to give this toy a higher rating.... but my high action chewer chewed both handles off in 15 mins. I joke you not. I am amazed at her zeal to destroy every toy I give her.
we got lots of worms but don't like touching them we kept them alive but glad there gone now I think I will stick to dried up ones
The idea is great but it's hard to maneuver a dog into place and then the dog must always be standing in order to not put undo pressure on their back which is injured.
I did not know this toy wasn't for aggressive chewers/dogs. Within a week all of the spikes were chewed off, some down to where there was only a hole & the toy itself no longer would work because the on/off button was ripped off. It's fun to watch them play with it but it definitely doesn't last.
The rope itself seems like good quality. However, when I opened the package, the rope had a strong, foul mildew odor. It was as if it had been left outside, got rained on, then put back in the package and shipped. Aside from that, I think it's a decent product.
Block is too hard. I can't break apart. Won't order again
My golden retriever chewed up a lot of the plastic. Now it's hard to screw the ends on when the rawhide rings need replaced. It is hard plastic, but .... for the price, I was disappointed.
included hardware is NOWHERE NEAR strong enough to hold attach this to the side of a birdcage securely so it doesn't shift. Returned. :(
Serves its purpose, but lightweight so must screw into wall to prevent tipping. Directions were not very clear
Smells good, but only masks for smell for a day or so.
the snap on the collar not firm enough. one easily broke
got this in the mail today the dog didn't have it 2 minutes that plastic piece broke off as he chewed at it . so I took it and took a pair of pliers and removed all the plastic from the handle . so if your dog is a chewer this is not the toy for him . But I can say once I got the plastic handle off he is playing with it.
The dog likes them but hey smell horrible!
Good materiel, too small For my pit bull, got a large, should have went XL or XXL
Puppy didn't seem to like the taste.
The house is small & very bumpy inside so you'll have to sand the sharp bumps and edges down, other than that it's a good house for small fish.
My recently cat has a few split claws right now and I'm not sure if it's from the cat tower yet, I'm going to be keeping an eye on how they grow out. But this cat tower has the fabric/material attached with staples that you can see, which seems really unsafe for cats who could get their claws caught on them. Also the base needs to be a little heavier, once or twice now I have woken up in the morning and she has knocked it over.
It cleans up the mess, but it does NOT deter them from going there again.
The elastic string which the ball hangs from at the top wrapped around my baby's paw and she couldn't get it off . I had to cut it. Thank goodness she wasn't hurt
This toy has two squeakers--one is in the head and one is in the tail. The body & feet are flat and they don't have any filler or squeakers. Since I can sew, I'l going to put some batting inside this toy and add a couple more squeakers so my pup can have a better time playing with it. The price was right, even though I'm going to improve it.
This pet food storage container is OK I'm having a hard time getting the top to snap on. It's a little flimsy, it could be made a little better but for the price I guess you get what you pay for. It serves it's purpose when I can get the lid on.. But I do like the little measuring cup that comes with it.
Used for 2 dogs. Worked on 1 and not the other [bichon] audible setting seems to work best, but any odd noise might have some results All dogs have their own reactions to being startled. I've worked with dogs 47 years in a humane society , take my opinion truthfully.
Super cute, was very excited to get this for my pup. She is 11 months old Labradoodle, standard size. These toys are NOT durable. Not enough for a super chewer, anyway. I got the other 2 that match, and was very upset after spending 26 dollars for 3 toys in total, only to have her pull stuffing out of 2 of them in less than an hour! DO NOT get these if you have a super chewer! I am going to take the stuffing out of all 3 and hopefully they will last longer for her...time will tell.
I only gave it 3 stars because our lab is a “large” dog and we got her that size and it's really tight. We can lift her but she needs to lose a little bit of weight for it to not be uncomfortable. But it is durable!
The bed is fine. The biggest issue is the fabric pills and ends up all over the house. I keep finding fuzz balls in places they shouldn't be.
It is very soft but is a very small throw.
Item I received has a poorly molded lid. It has significant air leaks both around seal for the lid and the seal for the cap for the spout. I managed to get rid of most of the air leaks by building up the seals with duct tape, but I have not been able to achieve true air tightness. Fortunately my cats love their dry food, so the roughly two pounds of food this container holds gets dispensed quickly enough to not go stale with the duct tape modification in place.
A great product but the measurement is too tight and not a lot of room for a mistake. A waste of money as it didn't fit.
My dogs like the raised edge to rest their heads on. I would have preferred the bed to be firmer but my smaller dog likes it a lot. My Golden tends to sleep on the floor and seems to prefer the harder surface.
The quality of the leather was really nice and very good stitching, but after placing it on and off my dog 6 times (to adjust the length), the latch stopped working. As if the springs were not functioning anymore. I am hoping my leather guy and find a replacement latch and replace it. Was very disappointed in the quality of the latch, but the leather workmanship was very nice.
I love that it's made in the USA. It was not effective for my cavalier with muppet-feet. Not enough room to scrub her feed, and very messy. Awkward to get her feet in there. I prefer to stand her in the tub and wash each foot - quicker and more effective for me, unfortunately.
Spend the money on the good-quality Sprenger metal ones. These don't work as smoothly or as effectively.
Did not receive the toys pictured. The plastic bone toy squeaker broke almost instantly. My dog is not a "strong" power chewer (he's a 12 year old West highland Terrier) but unraveled the knotted ball within an hour. The toys are just okay in my opinion.
Wanted it mainly for the handle to lift the dog out of the water into the boat but it ripped off within a month of use.
I love the toys and so does my cockatiel. The swing could not be straightened no matter how many times I tried. Will try to mess with it later but I was worn out trying to straighten it out last night. The chain is MUCH larger links than shown in the picture they show. Wish I would have looked for a better quality swing rather than be distracted by the toys that come with this one.
I have one big dog and one small dog but they show no interest on their new toys!
I was under the impression this product was alittle larger in size. I tried using this in my turtles aquarium but she is to large to swim underneath
The enclosure buckle broke as soon as I went to open it. It is also more difficult than it needs to be to lock the bars into place when assembling. Relatively flimsy, but works for the car. If you are comparing this to a hard shell case that tapers at the bottom this is a square 36". It is too large for the back of a larger SUV w/out putting the seats down, and this and a smaller crate cannot be placed side by side. Makes the majority of the cargo space unusable.
The overall concept of this is great as it provides great coverage for the back seat of my truck. Couple of things that I would change. 1) Add side flaps that go down over the side of the seat to keep mud and dog hair of the side of the seat as the pet is jumping into the vehicle 2) Straps need to be sewn into the fabric better. 2 straps ripped away from the fabric and one of the buckles snapped.
My cats loved this the first day they had it. Unfortunately they haven't played with it since then. The build quality is what you would expect for the price. Very flimsy and cheap, but that's acceptable for most cat toys.
Package arrived a little beat up, the metal was bent and pinched in some areas, still served its purpose for my dog. Wouldn't recommend for a larger more aggressive dog.
This is a nice leash , nice and long range. However, it has been locking up and the leash will not glide smoothly after a while. I buy an extra one every time I buy one because I like the compact and the length of the string.so even though I'm upset with the short life span, I still order more as a back up because it's nice when it works and it's a nice long length (fix the internal mechanism!!!!!!!!)
Two of the toy balls are dangerous -- they are cheaply made and the metallic looking strips pull right off and is definitely not safe for kittens if they ingest it (kind of like string). The rest of the toys are fine.
Have an elderly terrier that pees on the floor a lot so I am using night diapers on him. He fills this diaper when he does not remove it and at times can pee outside of diaper. Probably just old dog.
The quality is subpar and I thought there would be multiple ducks because they were so little. The picture was a little misleading and I didn't read the one or two pack options. 4 bucks for one tiny duck that was ripped apart in 10 mins. I would not buy again.
Good buy for the money. Wish collar was harder for dog to get off.
I purchased this item for my dog that has anxiety going to the groomer. She is older and she was having some health issues. I gave her two doses and her health became worse so I did not use the product any more. I TRULY BELIEVE THAT HER HEALTH ISSUES WORSENING HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THE PRODUCT.
It does keep Leo cat off the dining room table but it's not an instant zap. Kitty has to move around on it a bit.
I have one of those rare cats who is indifferent to catnip. I even tried growing my own, but, she was not impressed (in that special way that only a cat can be unimpressed). I figured I would try these and see if she had some reaction to them. Initially, she did seem to enjoy them, rolling around on the stick and chewing at it a bit. But, by the third time I offered it, she seemed to have grown immune. Maybe it's just her. She does seem to be a bit of an odd duck for a cat.
It doesn't work for my stubborn little dog but it has helped with my bigger dog. The only thing I don't like is sometimes I talk next to it and it goes off.
I really like how this pet watered works. We had it for quite some time, but unfortunately the cap cracked. Wish the quality of the cap is better.
I feel like these have gotten less effective, but for the price they are worth it.
It was worth the price for the chance of helping my two dogs get along better. Over time my girls have bonded, but I can't say it was because of this product. I also can't say the product didn't help. What I can say is that my Vet was very supportive of the use of the DAP collars and there is evidence-based research that shows it can help dogs in some situations.
ok kind of cat liners for litter box, could upgrade this product by adding a drawstring to close up kitty litter waste, thats the downside & could b alittle more durable, my dat scratched alittle hole in the liner while trying to cover up her business! the upside great price!
It does ok, but it comes apart easy.
Nice y'all pen, but the plastic pieces on the gate area break too easily. Would've been 5 stars had that not happened.
Seems like a good harness and leash and we've really liked it, but after having it for only about a month, the leash seems to be coming apart as seen in the photo. The glue has peeled away and the rope is starting to pull away.
My pets didn't go crazy over it, but they play with it from time to time. It is just as pictured and was delivered timely.
It's pretty and comfortable. Unfortunately, my dog can back out of the harness and escape. Ordered this harness so she couldn't back out of her collar any more. Too bad. Ended up having to use a prong collar - works great and it doesn't hurt her.
Though my cats love it, they ripped it to shreds the first day.
For over $300 I expected better materials. The edges are unfinished melamine so if they get wet they will swell and fall apart and we bent one if the peices of metal trying to put it together
Our dog loved this toy but also destroyed it in a matter of hours. Wish it was more durable.
I haven't even opened the package yet, but I hear a lot of loose seeds.
My huge dog is afraid of it for some reason. He cannot figure how to get treats out, and refuses to play with it
I don't like how it was packaged, it was folded so small plus the foam has some yellowish spots.
Product looks ok but my dog refuses to use it. I tried multiple tricks and bribery and nothing worked. The bed is as described and did have a slight odor to it but went away after a day.
This product is way to big for a 4 lb dog, she cannot even get in it. Also, padding at bottom of the bed is not very good.
Like the product but one of them already doesn't work and it's only been 1 month. Timer is working but the dial isn't turning. Tried changing the battery to no avail.
This looked like a great treat for my 15 lb corgi, and 62 lb pitbull. Both of them had it devoured in about 2 minutes. They seemed to enjoy it, just wish it lasted longer.
We've been using these bags for years, and absolutely loved them at first. Over the past couple of years, the quality of the bags has been slipping. The weak-point of the system is where the metal posts slide back into the cardboard handle, and recently, this sliding action fails more and more often, leaving you with a plastic bag dangling from a metal hook to carry for the rest of your walk. We'd gladly spend a few cents more per bag to get the "original" 5-Star version of these bags.
Warning - it's not as easy as you think to get a dog to wear these. We gave up (Irish Setter)
Battery didn't last long only maybe a week. Worked briefly. Works great when it does work.
Brought to keep my dog preoccupied. She devours it in 1 min or less. But she does love it. I hate the red color and how glazed it look as if its fake. Wouldnt buy again.
Just okay, I wouldn't purchase another for the price again.
The toy had bits of dirt on the surface and within the teeth. My dog isn't a chewer and it's hard to get her to play with toys. She quickly loses interest when she can't get the treats out and the ball keeps rolling away from her. Maybe she's just slow at learning how to play with it but I feel like I've wasted more money on things I'm trying out for her.
The first one I bought didn't fit right so I purchased another, still no luck. The material is fine and they are the cutest thing ever. The problem is the leg area was too big. My dogs back legs would come out and it was actually a bit dangerous because they would get stuck in the clothing.
My dog chewed the leash off when I first used it. Then we tied the loose ends together. It broke again, at the end so there is no way to fix it.
doesn't work like they claim. works ok
I ordered an extra large. This is more like a small to medium. It doesn't fit my big dog, but it will fit my small one.
It doesn't upset my doggos tummy, so thats a plus. I have not noticed any changed in pain or anxiety issues yet- I will update this review in 30 days.
You get what you pay for. One in the package works, the other doesn't.
This harness is pretty nice. It's easy to put on. It holds up most of the time. The only reason i didn't give it a 5 is my puppy was able to back out of it on a walk with my husband and it freaked him out. Also, she tends to want to chew on the front panel which sits just right for her to get her bottom jaw into. It's made of a soft material and padding so she is comfortable in it.
It's not quite as thick and stable. My cat seesaw's on it when she scratches.
My pup (9 mo old Golden Retriever) played with this for about 1-3 days before he started to tear it apart.
I have a big tom cat. Poor guy can't get comfortable atop any of the platforms. Not made for fat cats.
Great product! My dogs all love this. Shipping box was horrible. Treats all crushed.
My dog really enjoyed it when I gave her this ring to play with. However, it didn't take her very long to shred it to pieces. Was good while it lasted.
I found that I could double the time in which my dog inhales his food to two mins by simply putting an upturned small cup in his feeding bowl. This flower design extends that feeding time to 3 mins. Not the wondrous change I was hoping for but certainly an improvement upon my 'hack'. Will keep it but I wish it was a greater challenge for the food seeking heat missile that is my dog.
These seemed a little stale
Didn't last longer than 3 weeks.
Smaller than I thought they would be and my dog had one of them apart within minutes!
I have been ordering dog food from Amazon for several years and this is the first time I received a package like this. Not sure if it was damaged by shipping or it came that way, but I tossed the whole box! Don't want my dogs poisoned by this.
It stopped working just 5 months after purchasing it. - Update: I upgraded the rating since they got in contact with me and sent me a new unit a few days later. Thank you! After sales costumer service outstanding. I will revisit the review in 5 months.
I have Yorkies and the steps are a little steep for them. It rocks when the jump to get up the stairs so there a little afraid of it and dont want to use it. They weight 8 and 11 lbs so it might work better for heavier dogs.
Got it for my maltese 2.8 lb pup. It was really big on him, we had to roll up the sleeves and legs, it runs fitted but very long. Got him a size S but I wish they had a XS
It works. I just wish it was cheaper or lasted longer. Frigging drug companies man.
Works well but bottle came with a leak when I spray it. Not sure if it was damaged during shipping.
I should have read the description a little better, as I was rather disappointed on receiving the item to find only 3 twigs barely 4 inches long in the package. Not really worth 11$ in my opinion. The picture should be updated as it is a little misleading, I went on this, but should have read, that the product weight is only 65 grams, which is not much!
Did not help my dog.
These look bigger in the picture, they are small.
Good material but small in size
I loved this product until it stopped working. It lasted about 6 months before the power supply started making a clicking sound and the machine would turn off and on. I'm not sure if this poses a safety/fire risk, but I would rather not take my chances. If you are thinking of getting an automatic feeder for your pet - DO IT. My cat used to wake me up for food every morning. After getting an auto-feeder he stopped associating me with his morning meal and would quietly head to his dish every morning when he would hear the tray rotate. I will be buying a new one of these immediately - just not this one.
I love nylabone products they are the number one choice in our fur filled home these are best for teething puppies ( only while supervised ) or possibly small dogs that are not aggressive chewers even with small dogs you really need to keep a close watch to see if pieces start to break off .Vets recommend soft chew toys for dogs because the harder ones can chip their teeth however caution should be used about choking and digesting rubbery pieces on soft toys like this one when Mia was a puppy this chew was perfect . I had bought this one as a gift for a 8 week old GSD and she also loved it .
I'm not sure if this stuff even works
my small dogs bight doesn't really get to the brushes. He eats it side ways gets bored and gives up.
I thought it was a little bigger. My Yorkie is about 8 lbs and it was a little tied for her
Works ok, however even with clumping litter it will stick sometimes to the bottom and not remove itself to be sifted. Still have to use a cat litter scooper for that part.
wobbles, also quite small inside. not a fan of lifting top to clean. use it as cactus decoration now n order something different
This bottle came opened in package and a quarter of it is missing. We need the shampoo so we are using it instead of sending it back.
I have a 55-60 lbs chocolate lab. The bed looks great, but I've had this bed for 3 weeks and Kona has only laid in it once. Not sure what the deal is.
It is a solid and nice looking cat harness; however the large is small. I tried it on my smallest cat, a 8 lbs indoor cat and she tolerated it. All my other cats are 10 lbs and up. I bought this item because one of my outdoor cats had a wound on his shoulder that he scratched as soon as it healed up most likely because it itched. A cat collar prevented the licking, but not the scratching! However, by the time this arrived, it had already healed and is not needed anymore. Plus I really don't want to walk my cats! If you do, this is a great device for smaller cats, also because there are NO leg holes.
box was crushed but the bulb works
The collar works, but the prongs must be situated right under the dog's mouth. If it strays even a half inch in either direction, the collar doesn't detect any barking - even on the highest sensitivity level. I have the collar really tight and it still swivels. I'm afraid to make it any tighter. The prongs are already digging into him.
The directions say most microwaves heat in 4 to 5 minutes. My microwave takes 7 min & 30 seconds. When fully heated it feels like there is warm / hot liquid inside. As it cools, it gets less squishy. When totally cool, it is back to being hard. I tested these in a Michigan winter. The weather outside has been in the single digits with a few days getting well below zero. Inside the house, the disc retains the liquid warmth for a good 3 hours, maybe 4. Outside, it retains heat for 1 to 2 hours, BUT that is when not wrapped in anything. I have been putting it under a bowl of wet food to slow the freezing of the wet food. It does help, but the smell keeps the cats away. I tried putting it inside a cat shelter, but again the smell repels the cats. It might work if u wrap it in a towel (as they advise) to dilute the smell,but then u also dilute the warmth. It's not totally useless, but I haven't found the best way to use it yet (w/o the smell repelling the cats).
This bag came with a while in the bag not sure how well the product works
I'm giving it 3 stars because it ultimately does work in making my dog smell good. But I noticed that my corgi kept licking himself excessively after bath time, which he normally doesn't do. The next morning I noticed patches of fur coming out all in chunks, again, has never happened. I'm thinking it was an allergic reaction. I notice that there is one other review on here about a corgi having the exact reaction. I really wish I could keep this product since it seems to work for the smell, but of course my dogs health comes first.
Two cats. Litter & tray last about 10 days only. Much more expensive to replace trays & litter from clump litter. Like not having to bend over to clean box though
its hard to tell if it made a difference. i also used the shampoo for yeast.
This is really light weight but quite tiny, about the size of a teacup saucer. It might be good for a little dog but was too small for my blue heeler, not heavy enough to go very far when you throw it. It is bendable so good if your dog likes to fold a frisbee before carrying it in their mouth.
Hi Amazon Customer service team, I would like to share with you that my order was delivered to the wrong address, same house # but in a different street. Fortunately, I have an honest neighbor that I never met before and left me a note to pick up my order from his/her house. I like Purina Pro Plan dog food but I am questioning if it is necessary to pay for Amazon Prime when you delivered my order in a different address.
Works OK but suction cups don't stick for more than a day. Always on the ground when I get home from work.
Was just ok for the price. I like smaller granules...there are so many on the market, I suppose it's just preference. Wouldn't not recommend though; just prefer others.
It's very sturdy and well-made. But I had trouble getting the rear-only to stay on. I adjusted it according to the directions. It slipped off every time she started walking. So I purchased the front/rear product and once the rear was attached to the front, the whole thing works great. It looks kind of heavy but she doesn't seem bothered by it. And it picks her up easily when she stumbles. "She" is a 12 yr old pointer mix with spondylosis. Weighs around 30 lbs.
I buy these at least once a month but this month the tendons are all thin pieces that my Yorkie can go through 3 or more a day. I'm very disappointed in the quality of these this time. I've been buying these every month for over a year and never got one like these.
I had to sit on this to put in the last screws because it's a tight fit. Once those last screws are in though, it's sturdy. No wobbling. This is a good size for an African Grey, Eclectus, or Amazon. Anything bigger would find the bowls to small. Anything smaller would find the wooden dowels to large. The only reason it didn't receive 5 stars was based on the design. The bowls only sit halfway over the tray. My African gray makes a huge mess because the tray doesn't catch the seeds he pushes out of the bowl. Your bird will probably stand on the edge of the bowl occasionally like mine. This allows them to poop outside the stand too.
I have been using the regular Pet Armor for the last couple of months and I have since found ticks on my cat and 4days after the dose, so I am going to go back to the Pet Armor Plus instead and hope that it actually works. O and my cat became horribly sick this last dose and don't understand why! I have been using pet Armor for 2yrs. Now and never had an issue, but I also ordered from a different sight..
While we loved this product, we only had it for a month before one of the Velcro pieces ripped out of its stitches. Wish it would have lasted longer.
Puppy got bored. My puppy doesn't seem to like these very much so I gave to my big dog who scarfed it down without issue, probably took her 20 minutes tops to get it out and have it eaten.
Poor quality. My dog is a registered ESA, and I didn't want to spent a ridiculous amount of money on his id tags, this is very poor quality. The words are blurry, but with my paperwork it still gets the job done
My dog liked this bed, but it smelled so I went to wash it and the foam was completely destroyed on the inside. I'm not sure what happened, I never checked it when I bought it. I washed the foam and it lost more pieces that were already torn up. The second time one of my dogs peed on it and I didn't trust it enough to wash it again so I threw it. It really was not good quality and I wish the fabric had been water proof. Maybe it's better for an older dog.
Looks a lot better than most canned dog food. My dog ate this a few times but now won't even touch it :( he only reliably eats the ground lamb version... But if your dog is picky and enjoys chunky soupy dog food this might be for you.
Door comes off easily glued small piece of plastic to stop it works so far
Their extra small said it would fit a 7-9 pound dog. I have two 9 pound dogs. One a toy poodle and one a mix. The xs was too tight around their necks, could barely get it over their heads. I asked for a return # and asked them to send me two Small size. I received 2 Extra small again. I again asked for a return # and requested a pair of their small harnesses. I then received a refund ??? WTH . I liked the product but it was too small, now I will never know how well the product would perform because I was forced to order from a different manufacturer.
Cat won't eat them as a treat, but when mixed into his regular food he will eat them. They leave crumbs all over my floor when my cat eats them, but that just might be my cat..he is small and I think they're tough for him to get through. Too early to say if they have any affect on his teeth. You get a lot for $6, so it's worth trying.
We usually buy another brand, but we gave this one a try because it doesn't require refrigeration. Unfortunately, it apparently didn't agree with my two small dogs. On day one, one had an explosive diarrhea over night, but I didn't attribute it to this product. On day 2, they both developed diarrhea. Then, we stopped giving this to them as directed by the vet and, sure enough, their diarrhea went away immediately. Maybe it was a bad batch, but it is going right to trash.
We got about four hours of use before our pet blower stopped working. The description clearly states 800 hours of operation. We contacted the seller who said our warranty was actually over in 6 months! We did receive a full refund however! Thanks for the quick response!!
My dog chewed through to stuffing within a day
They are to cute but unfortunately they did not work on my 16 lb English Bulldog. He has a round belly and literally no waist so when I put them on him and he walked around, the diaper just fell off. Not sure if it's just the breed itself but I was totally bummed this product did not work for my pup.
Way too expensive. Local store has for $10
My dog ate it in one day
this is not suitable for dogs under 11 lbs. both the collar and the unit are too big for a small dog.
Awful quality! Would give it no stars if I could !!! Poor quality. Don't buy.
Text keyboard will not stay on and cuts dog
My dog has noooo interest in this toy. It smells horrible of rubber. After cleaning it with water and airing it out for 3days it still smells to my nose. I tried adding a yummy cheese to entice my dog to play tug with me but nothing. If your dog is a heavy chewer than he might love this. For medium chewing dogs like mine even with me trying to turn it into a great game he has no interest. I don't know if it's the rubber smell as he will play with his Kong's just fine.
Worked well but broke within a month. Pretty disappointed
It looks ok in the tank and the diver bounces around, but I couldn't get it to open and close like it is supposed to. The best I could get is a bubble coming out of the side and bouncing the cover and the diver. I adjusted the air flow and the position but this was the best I could do.
Really really difficult for the cats to get their food out. They end up losing interest and that is something for the one.
Smaller then expected. Our cats absolutely love texture compared to others however difficult to clean (my cats puke sometimes)
I liked that it took hair off my dog that sheds...I think the bristles would have worked better if they were longer
It is a great bowl for our dog that doesn't know when to stop and take a breath while drinking. The only issue is that the disc starts to separate and no matter how hard you clean it, mold starts to grow.
This is a nice looking, free standing gate. Needed rubber anit-skid material installed for tile flooring as 9 pound puppy pushed it out from the way.
didn't last as long as i had hoped
These worked for a while. One receiver still works so I can't give it anything less than 3 stars. The one still works (for now) and when it does work, it works great from keeping my one dog from barking, but doesn't prevent the other dog since that receiver won't charge anymore. I think the company has replaced 2-3 receivers since I first reported the problem. I would not recommend this product.
Not as great as some other pill poppers I have had in the past - It sticks a little when you push it so the pill doesn't always come out.
My Labradoodle loves this ball but it's not indestructible. He is a very aggressive chewer so it's difficult to find things he can't demolish in a matter of minutes. It took him a couple of weeks to chew one of the handles off and he's working on the other one, but it's still his favorite toy.
Way to small i order a different one it is good for put dishes or a pair of shoes
didn't last as well as other brands
I already have one and I love it but recently I moved in to a 2-story condo, so I decided I needed another. With that said, now I know there are at 2 DIFFERENT SIZES. I have 2 small Chihuahuas, the 1st I bought uses the 22x22 pee pads perfectly. However, the new one that just arrives is much larger than the pee pads I buy.
Did last long w/ my little monster !
The size is good. The lid broke after about two weeks. One of the little plastic pieces that the lid snaps onto and rotates on broke off. Now it's awkward.
I can't say if this product actually makes a difference or not because my dog absolutely hates having this sprayed in his mouth. He runs when he sees me with the bottle, therefore, I have only used it about four times.
Disappointed. Package of 2 but only one was split. The other was not and my dog doesn't like the ones that aren't split. Wish my husband hadn't thrown out the packaging.
Needs to be more shallow
Nice bright color but not chew resistant
Happy with everything except the light up balls. After a few days they won't turn off and just drain the battery
I put it together. But there were multiple things missing. And the hamster wheel is WAY too small for my hamster. She's not even that big. For the missing parts I improvised, and 2 of the tubes didn't reach each other on the top, so I glued them together that way they would at least touch, and stay together.
The x-large is huge. It was the only option when I ordered and from other comments it sounded appropriate for my 85lb lab. He has MORE that enough room to stretch out, and I'm sure a large would have been better. He seems to like it but have noticed him panting and getting out to lay on hardwood floor so foam must be hot. Not sure it will be suitable in summer.
My cats just like to sprint through it sometimes. Other than that they hardly use it and kind of scares them a bit when it roles.
This is a preliminary rating. I see not much difference in the puppy scratching. But only used the spray a couple of times. I will test it longer and come back to adjust my rating.
First time trying this product. It didn't help with my dog's anxiety like I had hoped. I sprayed in car, in his kennel, on his bed. I only noticed a brief quietness for a minute or two.
Well. My cats absolutely loved this, when it would stay on the window and actualy hold them. The suction cups would randomly fall off all the time we stopped putting it back up after awhile because I didn't want my 14lb cat falling from the window. It did work very well at first but after awhile it just started not working hardly at all.
The construction of this pen is fairly sturdy, and the gate latches are pretty secure. However, there are two issues. First, the bottom of the side panels have sharp points where the metal was cut, and these would destroy a wood floor. I ended up filing them smooth before setting up the pen. Secondly, the description of the item says it includes corner stabilizers, which I assumed were the small plastic pieces included with other pens to hold it in a perfect octagon shape. However, the box that I received did not include stabilizers.
The Bristles on the brush are too soft and doesn't remove much hair and I know my dog has plenty. It just kind of slides over her hair. It doesn't get in between the hair. We misplaced our old brush so I bought this one. In the meantime we found the old brush. It works quite a bit better. The bristles are soft enough but not nearly as soft as the new brush. The old brush works better and has metal bristles on the other side.
to be the sturdiest you need to mount it with the screws and I really do not have a place for that. The adhesive is doing OK. the cat was only interested in it when I put out the fresh cat nip
Didn't really help my dog with her teething but she likes to play with it
My dog snapped right out of it with just one pull on her leash. Granted she really wanted my neighbors chickens still expected better.
My cockatiel loves it. He has a disabled foot so finding comfortable perches for him now is important as he is getting older and he tends to fall more and his foot bothers him. But a recommendation you may want to glue the screw bolt inside the wood perch as mine fell out the first time I tried to screw it on his cage.
I am not convinced that it is natural. I compared it to my current canned Wet Cat Food. Also, I read the ingredients and it has a whole list of ingredients that does not seem to be natural ingredients.
Does the job but falls apart very easily.
smaller than expected. they work as describe. would recommend for smaller fish tank like 5gal and under. they just don't look right in a 10 gal tank.
The quality was good and they were nice as sturdy but way too big. I have a Beatle I measured his feet per instructions and ordered the size that was specified for the measurement. But way too big.
We've tried loading these bins up with dog / cat food and found the bottom bin was easily crushed by the weight of the container above it. The stacked units also tend to slip and slide, which doesn't really lend much to vertical stability.
Really cute, but sizes run really small.
There is no memory foam pad, as stated. My dog is completely unstable as the flimsy piece of cardboard slides all over the place because the velcro security strips are not adequate for ANY sized dog. This is by far THE most disappointing product I have purchased from Amazon. Update: full refund
It's a nice product but my dog keeps tearing the floor off and escaping out of the pen.
Our golden retriever chewed through toys in less than a week. Do you offer more durable toys that can withstand chewing?
Dogs like it but boy do they stink. Even they hesitated when first smelling them.
Not as good as the blue one, I for got about the brand, but that's much cheaper and more powerful
I just received this today and I must say I'm a bit surprised, it doesn't look like the picture it's very flat and the large looks bigger in the picture looking at it now it looks more like a medium. Not at all what I was expecting, but will keep and use it in the car.
I have a small dog about 10 lb I tried an extra small and a small,,, it seems it is hard to get the size correct for that size of a dog. It seemed that one was too big and the other was too small but I am using the small red harness harness.They are hard to adjust.
I bought this to try and prevent a mess inside the cage. It does a great job at holding hay and it hooks onto the cage great. My guinea pig has a hard time getting the hay out however and doesn't eat much out of it.
Four of the cans were smashed beyond all recognition. I'm surprised they sent an order out in such poor condition
My dog is kind of a goof and makes it slide sideways even if I have it fully tight. It still works great, but for us it seems to slide even though we still think it's a great product.
Super cute dog loves it. However the slip to protect the memory foam did not fit. I attempted to reach out to company prior to reviewing and did not get a response.
My dog didn't like it maybe she would like the Large to med. was on the small side.
I like the design of the harness but the product fits way too small. I got a med for my 33lbs dog and it barely for over her head and had to release the straps all the way and still had a hard time buckling. She's still a puppy and bit fat by any means
It works well. It made very cheaply. The motor adds a black oil to the water initially. You really need to let it run a few days before allowing your cat near it so they don't drink black oil infused water. - see pics
So far so good. I'll increased the rating if this survives big dog chewing for more than 2 months.
Charge was to short barely cut one of my yorkies and they r small
Soft but they are extremely tiny. I thought a medium would have been okay I just all of them to cover my one dog .
I love the color of this collar! It is a very well made collar. The only problem I have is the width of the collar. I got the smallest size available for my 5 lb. dog- it fits great - except it is too wide. I thought that with the tiny size, that the collar would be a lil skinnier, like other little dog collars are. Mac wears his collar proudly! However, I'll need to search again for a skinnier one for him. (*Suggestion: Make the little dog collars smaller in the width of the band!)
It fits onto the collar, but it won't go over any buckle or ring on the collar, so it won't work. Our dog is big (85 lbs). I suppose the product is as described, but i figured it would work on most collars, or else it would specify a size of collar.
Cute design..fast shipping..a bit too bulky for her and i ordered a size too big in this brand..there were no opening and closing parts..you have to put it on your dog and thread it to desired size..not my deal..so for now she is wearing her old dirty pink collar till i can find a replacement
Love the product, everything seems to be well made except the Velcro is useless. After a few washes it becomes useless. I come home and find the band just lying on the floor. Upgrade the Velcro and you will have a customer for life.
Great in theory but the plastic handles on both the rake and the scoop have already snapped. It has a large compartment but not a comparable opening. if you fill the bag you will likely tear it pulling it out and the top bag holder doesn't hold well.
Measurements are way off. I'd say if you decide to buy go up 1 size at least.
Well for an adult cat, it doesn't fit. The neck collar does fit, but the body strap is more for a kitten than a full grown adult cat. Also the jingle bells don't have a specific spot to go on?? They were on a weird keychain type loop but there's nowhere on the costume for that to fit. It's an okay costume and I made it work with just the neck strap, but I'm sad the bells have no specific spot to attach.
Not as large as I thought it would be. Toy is durable I just wish it was larger.
It simply needs to have further range of adjustment. I cut off the logo and was able to get a few more inches.
It's a decent container that holds plenty of food, but it's not airtight, which is a big reason why I bought it. I'll probably use it as a toy box instead of for food. The casters are useful and good for keeping it off the ground.
Although the one remaining works well, one completely failed for NO GOOD REASON. And, although the ad states that there is 5 year warranty, my order did NOT have a warranty card in it.
My dog loves the Bark Broth and we use it everyday. I purchased this item on Amazon in a pinch because our local store sold out, but Amazon prices are almost double what I normally pay in store. It is much more cost effective to go to your local Target and buy these 2 items for under $5 each.
Easily tips over and makes huge mess.
The collars lasted about 4 months. Batteries die pretty quickly, so if you get it, buy back up batteries. Overall, it was effective and I'm thinking about buying another set once we move..... I have 2 pit bulls, they are very active and LOVE to play. One is very vocal (Bones) and the other one is pretty quiet (Diamond). It worked well for Bones but then he figured out how to loosen the collar and would slid it off or he would unclip it somehow (I'm sure Diamond helped him). Then Diamond started picking up Bones' bad habit of barking so I bought her one. And since she is so jumpy it worked for her immediately. However, the collar did not work when Bones was in protect mode. The neighbors dog came up to our fence and Bones barked non stop until the dog left while the collar beeped the entire time. If your dog has a one track mind when he/she is barking, then I don't know if this collar would be good for them.
I have a Old English Sheepdog who has a huge head. The XL was waaay to small. I can see this product working though. Just not large enough for giant breeds. I ended up wrapping him with an Ace bandage.
The rake itself is good but the flimsy metal handle or pole is terrible ! You have to put alot of pressure on the pole for the rake to go across the carpet,,,a few times it felt like the pole was going to break in half !!!!! I am going to look for a wooden handle or pole to fit the rake,,,,,which will make the rake work better.
With about 4" of litter in the box, I grabbed the handle to move the box a few feet and the locking clips broke. This box is not a good value for the money. Spend a few more bucks and get a unit constructed of thicker material
I bought this thinking it would be great with all 3 pieces.. However if your dog has med to large poo you better pass!! We breed french and english Bulldogs and 1 poo fills up the tiny pan :(
I know it's my fault for not looking at the dimensions closely enough but this is very small. It does look exactly like the picture, just smaller. It seems to be good quality. I currently have a puppy and am buying small bags of puppy food which fit in this container so it is working okay. Any bigger bags would not fit though. I am a little annoyed as this is the second time I have bought something from amazon that turned out to be small.
Like buying a cheap economy car, you get what you pay for. The first thing that went was the tunnel. The screw holding it on ripped through quickly under the weight of my 5 month old kittens. We fixed this by drilling a hole and using a large washer however ita crooked now. The basket up top both my babies loved and would often lay in it together and sleep. The cheap compressed cardboard that the pillar is made of ripped about 3 months after having bought and fell down. In trying to fix it the cardboard material fell appart beyond repair and has since been disposed of. The picture shows all that is left of my cat condo =(
Thought this might smell amazing as I love vanilla scented shampoos for my dog. This is a good value for the size but the scent is not attractive nor smells of vanilla. It's ok otherwise for bathing the dog, just blah on smell. Still better than wet dog smell
My hamster gave up trying to get the treat out. It was also hard to get them out when I tried to put in fresh treats. If using smaller treats it should be easy but you want it to be a challenge to stimulate the hamster to enjoy working for the treat.
Fine bowl, but too small for a cat
This pump doesn't do what it supposed to do. Very little power.
I'm sure I'm not doing something I should but it isn't working. I've read the instructions, but nothing is happening. I will keep trying.
Good quality, feels soft and comfortable its just smaller than you think it would be. My dog is about 85lbs and it is a bit too small for him.
Meh. It seems like no matter the sensitivity level, lowest level being 1, it still activates when my dog runs or shakes her head, scratches, eats, etc. I've kept it on sound-vibrate, and it activates all the time for no reason, so when she barks it doesn't do the job. Even with reinforcement of NO or shush, or anything to help discourage the barking, it doesn't help because she hears the beep and feels the vibrate with everything she does. Sensitivity of 1, activates all the time but not on a bark. It doesn't activate with her barking until 3 or 4, and of course it's more sensitive so it constantly beeps and she just stands there like "what did I do". It seems counter productive so she doesn't wear it much
Didn't work on all my dogs. Not that effective.
Water these for my cat was disappointed when recived product had a hole in each side of thumb of glove
It doesn't go easily through the hair as described and my cat doesn't have very bad mats .
First photo is the blue &white light model, second is the full spectrum. I am not impressed. Not only are 2 bulbs burned out, but the "full spectrum is much dimmer and bluer light in my tank. Go with the white and blue model, it's amazing, I was able to take the legs off and silicone it to the inside of my hood, and my plants grow amazing with it.
Honestly, I would have given this 5 stars because it was exactly what I needed and seems to be doing great at getting my cats not to scratch my new furniture. However, it should really come with four pins for each panel (for a total of 24) so you can put a screw in each corner. Mine only came with 14 screws, so most of the panels aren't attached at the bottom and are curling up.
I attempted to submit a claim to have the backdrop, which arrived damaged, replaced. The only option was to return the entire cage which isnt necessary. Can someone please contact me?
Sizes are stated incorrectly. Quality is excellent but what good is it if you can't wear them?
Smaller than expected.
Use caution when buying this piece. Despite the mix reviews I decided to order this for my 29 gallon freshwater tank I've been working on. I really liked how the castle looked with the small cave and the dementions were perfect for what I needed (about the size of a soda can). After reading some of the negetive reviews before ordering I decided when I received the castle I would soak it in water for a few days to see what would happen. Guys it's been soaking in a clean cup for 4 days and already there is a chemical smell coming from the water. I don't doubt the resin used to mold this is safe. However, this paint they are using on the castle is definitely dissolving into the water. Not only that I don't think the paint is eco safe either, it smells....wrong. I think I'm going to continue soaking this for up to a week alternating between sanitizer and clean water. After that I might coat the castle with some acrylic gloss protective spray paint a few times to hopefully seal it off before placing it in my tank. Besides the failure with the paint I love how this thing looks. If you do buy be aware you will have to do something about the paint, you don't want this junk in your tank with your pets.
Not soft enough for my cats, I had to return it. It is sturdy and has a fluffy surface but could be softer. It looks super cute though
The size is so small like a pea that I suspect it's for medium dog...
The base isn't weighty enough. My cat toppled this cat post over again and again. Ended up throwing it away and getting a sturdier post.
Its a good product but, There is a Dachshund on the bag. The pieces are so big and hard that my Dachshund can't eat it. This is a good food for larger breeds. I gave this to my friend who has a great dane and his dog loves it. The bag is a little misleading.
I have purchased 2 of these previously and loved them. This time I purchased 2 more and both have large cracks in the sticks. Disappointed.
Received product. Too soon for a review. Will update review at a later date.
Ours came kind of beat up. It looked like a child had assembled it. You could tell that someone tried to patch the rough wood grain with some sort of filler. It also required some vegetable oil to get the teeter totter function to work. The dwarf hamster typically walks around it, not through it. Nice idea - we'll see how things go in time.
The cats love it. I read the ingredients and was appalled that it has wheat gluten and soy flour. I will not be buying again. I guess cats like junk food like humans do.
That's both of them side-by-side not as big as advertised and missing parts didn't come with the tarps and was missing the polls other than that if you make shift pieces missing and replaced it's pretty good
First let me start off by saying the product came early, which is always a Bonus. The reason this gets Three stars. Comes down to the fact that upon arrival the item is damaged. A deep scratch on the smooth plastic. Along with one of the four pegs broken off. It's still usable which I will keep it since I have two four-month-old kits. One just drinking the water and the other one trying to fish for my fishes. BIn the future, I suggest you try to pack differently.
This was shipped from Turkey and written in Spanish. I assume it worked, I looked up directions in English.
Had to return this breeding cone as it was shattered to pieces. I'm sure the cone itself is good but the packaging was not adequate to protect this fragile item
XS was a no-go. SM fit like a second skin ,with short-sleeves (vs. pants) He's swimming in the Medium --mostly around the neck and chest but I'm going to take it in by hand and hope it shrinks in the wash...it's cute enough to warrant altering, especially for the price.
I received this product today and was a little disappointed. I ordered a medium and my pupper is a 16 lb male min pin. It looks nice and feels durable, but the velcro on the underbelly is so large that he can't wear it outside to pee. It fit him nice and snug otherwise. If I ordered a size smaller velcro would most likely be exposed (which is a problem wearing it underneath his coat without causing damage to the coat), however, maybe it would have been shorter underneath? I would only recommend this product for a dog with a long underbelly, or someone who doesn't mind getting a size smaller and exposing velcro 😊
XXL was a medium at best. I gave it 3 Stars for quality. VERY nice sweater/good quality. So wish the sizing had been accurate.
Fits well she seems comfortable but her hair seems to be falling out more with it on.
It may just be the way my dog is shaped or how he reacts, but the harness was not able to be adjusted so that he was secure in it. It was a well made product, I have no complaints about the quality. I did return it because it didn't work well for my dog.
I really love this product and it really works on my dog. It's the only thing damp he will allow near his eyes. However, I didn't give it 5 stars because when I opened the lid to the container, the seal that keeps it moist and contained was already peeled back. A few of them were dried out and a few missing. It was like someone bought these and returned them, but amazon just put them back on the shelf without checking it out!
Product arrived very fast. Used it on local stray cat. Keeping her safe. She did lose 3 very quickly but at this price I do not mind. Would order again. Even though the reflective part does come off very quickly.
It's a nice costume. But I ordered x-large and it was more like an x-small
I was disappointed to see this product came with only one item. One of the pics showed several different items .
Sorry it didn't work for us at all. I think the cat likes it
This harness is well made and worked well for about 3-4 weeks but it chafed my pups tummy and he wound up with a bald spot that at times was inflamed. I even covered the under belly part with a very satiny material but the rubbing persisted no matter how I adjusted it. So we went with an e-collar because he can't wear a regular collar for medical reasons. The e-collar is working well and he's much happier and no more pulling on a leash!
They were great until the puppies chewed them off each other.
I love the color and pattern but functionality really didn't work for us. Cat was able to get out of harness in less than 30 seconds. Never put it back on him.
It thought is was a spray. It is meant to dab on pets so they don't bite themselves. I was not able to have use of this product.
They remind me of medical chucks. They aren't extremely absorbent and dont hold back any odor
Extremely hard to use. Came with no directions to help. Straps are almost impossible to pull to tighten or loosen.
My kitten loves it but it's definitely kitten sized. The bed and the little tube thing aren't big enough for an adult cat.
Works for me as well if you want to try it out
No idea cats wouldn't touch it no matter what I mixed it in.
It is very hard to tell the difference between result colors. The first one I had received was inaccurate. I contacted seachem, and they sent me out new reagents, and control solution. The second, the control solution matched the desired result, but it is still very hard to read the lower range results. It does work, but there are better test kits on the market
The string that hooks the towel on a hook fell off after first wash in the washer. Great absorbency though. Washed it twice now.
I should have read the description more carefully. These Should be called miniature barbells because they're so small and thin. I won't be giving it to my 40lb lab mix in fear it's a choking hazards. Recommend For very small dogs only.
Smell good but don't last long
Ball keeps coming out of it. Velcro is not the best and I think it should be a slide button. My dog is able to turn it off with pressing the button.
I gave these a try, but wasn't too excited about them. It's nice to be able to flush the doggie doo, but I wasn't sure if they were dissolving in the sewer.
Had to return these. Kept falling off. I wanted them to work so badly but they just would not stay on my dogs paws.
This is what my pup was eating before I brought him home. So far so good!
Definitely could use a improved spray nozzle, with better sealing o rings. Not a bad purchase though. May try to find better o rings at Menards or Home Depot or something
I bought the squirrel as a gift for my family's 2-year-old Labrador. It is a very cute plush dog toy made with quality materials. However, the dog went nuts when she saw the squirrel and decapitated it in just 20 minutes...
Works well for an 80lb dog
Received today got it assembled and my Kitten had the ball off it . It was easy to assemble, but I thought the ball would last longer than that
Need higher straps , fall of all the time
Title states 5.5oz cans 24 pack. Received 2.8 oz cans
Very small compared to other XL antlers we have bought.
New style bottle has a lose fit on the cork. Not as good as earlier style but works after a replacement of the first unit which constantly leaked.
I liked the price of this but I purchase fresh step even tho it's pricey, bc of the odor masking ability. This product was stinky after use and the whole time.
Using this on a 5 gallon tank and it doesn't make many bubbles. Works well tho
only 3 stars because have not been able to use it as i did not realize it was medium size. all my cats are 15 pounds at least and need large size. will know better when get right size.
I don't love these and neither does my dog. They smell for one, and they break into sharp shards when chewed. He's also just not all that interested in them. I think we'll try something else.
Order short 5 mice. Wand top fell off but easy to glue back on. Not impressed
This is an ok product, but our Basset isn't thrilled with it.
My dog loves them but they're too expensive. I bought the exact same bag at Costco for 17 bucks
The bowl does prevent massive spills, but I feel like it would work much better if it had a weighted bottom. My cats bat it across the room like a hockey puck and water splashes out. Occasionally they will manage to get it tipped on it's side and while some of the water stays in, I still need to clean up puddles almost daily. I even bought a non slip surface so they couldn't bat it around and they managed to pull that out from under the bowl and then spill the water. Not a bad bowl but could be improved.
my little dog would not eat this
They may bio-degrade, but my sewer agency officially doesn't want these in the toilet. I went back to a cheaper bio-degradable option.
Great product, however could have been longer. For a size large, I felt it fit more like a medium.
I waited a few days before reviewing. The range is no where close to what they advertise. Effective range is about 150 yards. Within that range it works great. Outside that, my dog has no reaction.
The sweater would be better if it had a hole for the harness to attach to leash.
My pig is a bit cramped in this cage. Also, the only access door opens an entire side, allowing frisky pets to flee.
I thought my cats would love this but they only eat it if they have to.
My dog would eat these but you could tell they were his least favorite of all the flavors we tried. He loves the chicken with carrots but they are also the most expensive of the treats.
A. Your overweight cat wont want to deal with it once you start taking out the rings as they arent fond of balancing B. Your restroom will be destroyed C. Patience is HEAVILY required D. This is NOT all fun and games.
Smells very perfumy. Wish it didn't as everything else about these it great. They distribute evenly when pulled out and clean up my very fluffy cats bum when he needs it. But the smell is too much for me and I can only imagine how my cat must feel. Plus, I don't like synthetic scents on my cats and they ultimately have to lick it off when grooming, and ingest it. So I won't be buying again. Something more natural is better in my opinion.
It's definitely an improvement on the normal plastic cone of shame, but after two days the stitching was coming undone on one seam. I had to sew it shut. The largest size is a bit small for my 70 lb lab/pit bull mix, it ends up having a gap. If she was a 50 lb dog it would be perfect. For now though, it keeps her from licking at her rash, so good enough.
I love these but they were FAR too small for my 16 lb dogs
First things first, this is not for heavy chewers. But it is very heavy and thick, and large. In fact if you want it just for a display toy it works for that, too. It is obviously bendy rubber, but there are no wires in it to hold a pose. That being said, it smells pretty awful. I wouldn't call it a bad smell per se, just a persistent, permeating sickly sweet chemical odor that will literally stink up the room. I had it sitting on top of the entertainment center and the whole TV room reeks of it. If you wash it in warm water with dish soap, it sort of helps eliminate a little of the smell, but not by much. Over time it has been lessening, but we're talking weeks. It probably won't bother some people, however if you're particularly sensitive to smells like I am, this will get on your nerves. If your dog is chewing on it or you're wrestling with it, the smell becomes renewed, over and over again. It's not an expensive toy and no doubt some people might want it just because it's a really cool, big Gumby figure. But whether you want it as a collectible sort of thing or a dog toy, the smell is annoying and just doesn't go away.
Product is 4x but the all around experience was 2x. Got the product in the end (much later than promised) - very confusing and frankly unpleasant delivery experience.
The dog ripped through it and it only held for a brief moment.
They were kind of small and I have a Frenchie. Two of the bones were a good size and she loves them.
Collar is fine and looks nice. The rhinestones are coming off. But considering it was so inexpensive, collar is good.
I liked the product initially. It was soft and easily inflatable. However this product should not be recommended for large dogs. It is very easy for them to lick their wounds or damaged spots. I have a Doberman Pinscher and he was able to maneuver his way into licking himself with the collar on. Don't recommend this for big dogs just get a regular cone.
It works well but the pictures don't help you have it's smaller than most aquarium lights. They need a picture of a unit on an aquarium to properly gauge it's size. Despite this, it works great though
Not sure how this product is because the Amazon delivery person lost or stole my package.
I love the color and the concept and the price of this box. It would be great for kittens or smaller cats. If it were just a few inches longer it would be excellent. I'm also not crazy about indented area on bottom which can be hard to clean when urine clumps there. The scoop is good and I love that it attaches to the box. Scoop is also much smaller, my regular scoop doesn't even have room to work in this box. They still throw alot of litter out the door but surrounding area is more easily kept clear of litter.
I'm not sure how this one compares to other agility sets because this is my one and only set I have purchased. It is very flimsy and not at all sturdy. If you are going to use this in your backyard, you will need to make sure to hold it down with some sort of rock or other material because it is extremely light. The joints are very weak and not well fitting.
I ordered this in “used, in new condition”. It arrived with no instructions (not a real problem, since it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out. Lol) The screws were all stripped out and I had to use an abundance of glue to hold it together. My bad, for ordering a used product. That said, its a cute feeder and my three cats seem to like it. It holds the food up at a more comfortable level for them to eat and I think it has reduced the tendency for vomiting over all. I'd purchase it again, but I definitely spring for the “new” product next time.
I thought this would be made of a softer material. It does not create a very tight seal.
I really like the stroller and the features, however, it is poorly made and will not last for the intensive walking I do. The front wheels are wobbly, the zipper for the cover will break with daily use fairly quickly. It is lightweight enough to move around with one hand even when my dog it in the stroller. One snap was broken when opened out of the package. I never did find the other piece. Overpriced for the quality. I will be upgrading when this one breaks. So if your looking for a stroller now, spend a little more and get something else.
Nice idea for a tag keeper. The ring is a bit large so you might need to put the tag on another type of ring then in the keeper. It's a bit tricky to maneuver it together to tighten the screw.
The shampoo smells great, but the bottle looked like it was previously opened and the cap was all broken.
both my 2 puppies love loved these but I am giving it 3 stars because it honestly didn't last long enough. It also stained my carpet.
I have bought a couple bottles of these so far, and I love it! The only problem is that it is VERY messy.... the oil gets all over the place and has stained my pantry wall and the top of my dog's food container. I don't even know how this stuff gets EVERYWHERE! I endure the mess because this is a great product but MAN can they please fix the packaging?!
The size guide did not help, fit oddly, had to order 2 or 3 times to get decent fit
I did not necessarily want to write a review. I wanted to let the seller know that the item they sent appears to have been a floor model or something as the back was slightly soiled as if it had been hanging on a door. Too much trouble to replace for such a small item. It would not really matter except it is a gift. I could find no other way to contact the seller, so leaving this info here. The item is very cute. 5 stars on the item. 3 on the condition.
Fits with adjustments in all directions not to loose not to tight. Handy handle to lift if needed. Visible at night. Chest and Back hook for when more control is needed and for hook to her car seat. Perfect. Our neighbor saw it, tried it on her dog, and ordered one the next morning. She loves it too. Please keep making this one. I have purchased so many that didn't fit right and gave them all away. Thank You.
Was excited to get this for my cats, but other reviews were right... NOT STURDY. You have to prop it up against something on both sides since it shakes horribly when my cats try to jump on and off it. They're too skeptical to use it now lol
I bought this for my hedgehog to use so she gets some excercise while she's in her cage. Since hedgehogs are nocturnal she is up all night running on this thing. I'm glad she's loving it and it gives her something to do, but it is extremely noisy. I have her out in the living room and keep my door shut and it still wakes me up in the middle of the night. My roommate has also said the noisy wheel wakes her up in the middle of the night. Everything about it is great except for the noise.
It got the job done but it would stop cutting after a few minutes. It is very light weight and easy to use.
Initially great, top fill is convenient. After several weeks it started a slow drip, just like all the other top fill containers we've tried. The only way to avoid the drip seems to be with the vacuum seal you get when you have a bottle that actually needs to be removed from the cage to be filled.
I replaced standard poop bags with these, and didn't really notice much of a difference. They were about double what I normally pay for poop bags, and the scenting was only really noticeable if I stuck my nose into the bag --- which I don't plan on doing. I won't be buying these again, just because I don't see the value.
I am not very impressed with this ball. My dog is kind of small to medium and she had problems getting her mouth around it. The squeaker sounds odd and its not very soft like I thought. I think this would be perfect for a larger dog or puppy that likes to chew. Very durable.
My cat hasn't come near it... I did use the cat nip...
It is not that easy to get on and off the dog as described and it took 2 people to do so
Good design but when you have a small pawed dog with long legs it would be better if these were longer; having the ties attached is super helpful - really like this feature; good for short in/out but not for prolonged outdoor use.
Purchased this for a cat who has an intermittent vomiting issue. The food is darker than their Science Diet Light so when the cat vomits, it leaves a darker spot on the carpet. It didn't appear to reduce the frequency of vomiting either. Going back to the Light version.
Pill Pockets were an answered prayer for my fur baby! I have used them for years giving him his meds. Normally I go to a retail store and get them, but decided to get them from Amazon. For a while, they were great. I moved across the state and the last three times I have ordered them, there has been an issue. The first two times they were melted together. This last order was very dry. I love the product, but will likely go back to a retail store to get them. Bummer!
My cat has not left this heating mat since I plugged it in. He's 14 and this really helps with his arthritis, especially during the cold months. But, I've noticed there has been a slight chemical/burning/artificial smell wafting from the pad whenever its heated up. Note: This doesn't bother my cat in the slightest, he could care less. The smell is only noticeable if you put your face up to it. Bit concerned by this but haven't seen any skin issues or anything like that on the cat so will continue using.
I like the sturdiness of it, but just a forewarning, order a size up, I got a large for my large dog, but it looks as big as a medium, it gets the job done I guess but I was hoping she would have a little more room. Disappointed overall, but I don't want to deal with the return and waiting for a new one 🤷‍♀️
Was good enough originally - but plastic parts didn't hold and now it slides down after a couple of days when I tighten it and falls over. Maybe find a way to keep the screws and the plastic knob from slipping?
Nice color. Soft leather, but can not use as the leash clip rubs against the top of his neck so badly that it's removed hair and caused scabbing.
Sizing chart not accurate. Order at least two sizes up
My dog is afraid of it. He's still a pup so maybe will grow out of it. I have left it set up and keep trying.
Took almost 2 weeks to arrive sweater is to thin I didn't like it
I am not a groomer and found it more difficult to use that just using a guard on a finer blade. You must be careful or you can nick or cut a pet easily. Probably a great tool for professionals or experienced groomers or if your pet stays fairly still when trimming.
Honestly just wasn't impressed with this. It made my dogs fur soft but didnt help a whole lot with his skin issues.
My dog loves these but they don't love her. They make her reflux, upset her stomach and aren't organic. Even a minute amount causes lip-licking, yawning and other signs of gastric distress. Tossed the remainder, will never buy again.
The sizing chart is off. I measured my dog carefully before purchasing and still had to return for a larger size for my 65 pound lean coonhound mix. The XL fit him perfectly though!
We adopted a kitten recently and she's crazy! Lol high energy like most kittens. We have had many kittens throughout the years and our new one is definitely the craziest. She likes being high up ( of course ) and everything she jumps on is about 3 feet high.. give or take. So, when I saw this condo, I knew it would work for her because of the size. The color is a darker gray, but nonetheless matches the color scheme in our family room. My hubby and I put it together in like 15 minutes. The problem I have with it is... you can see the screws in a couple areas. Like the top, flat part of the screw. We installed the cubbies in different angles ( not all the openings going the same way ) because we thought she would enjoy that and she does. She never uses the scratching posts lol. The little toy that is attached to the top bed, she absolutely loves. My only other issue with this condo is the top part (the bed) It's just a soft cover over a piece of wood. Our kitty is only 3 months and 3.7 pounds. We don't expect her to get bigger than 6-7 pounds once grown so I feel she'll use this for many years to come. It seems pretty sturdy, it's bottom heavy.. so I don't see this tipping over. Overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase.
My dog does not like them she rather other brand
This item is attractive but not so easy to put together or clean especially bottom as ther is not a tray that slides out.
Ducks really didn't take to this product well.
It's not that I dislike it ,He's still to small for them that's all
Bought two of these in end of January, right at two months one came loose from base. Light was blinking and when I checked it it was hanging by the wires going to the metal screw in base. Had to order another to replace it today and now cost is $6 more... Light was never dropped either.
I have ordered these before and they were excellent. But the most recent batch has come full of holes running down each bag!! It's been quite messy and unfortunate! :(
dog seems to enjoy it
My dog only chewed on it twice and never bothered with it again
Great harnesses - except one of my huskies is a chewer and munched on 2 already - on the other dog's at that!. I guess they are not chew-proof!!!
But for my dogs 30 and 50 pounds they need the bigger size. they ate this not chew.
My sister's cats use the heck out of this. Our stubborn cat is yet to get interested.
Note that small here is equal to approx 71/2 inches long and 2 1/2 inches wide [maximum]. I used it to add to the back of my vivarium for my leopard gecko, so I didn't mind much, but it had a 1 inch crack/gap along one entire side, with the pieces that had fallen off at the bottom of the bag. The cork is also not as thick as it could have been. I would recommend looking at cork rounds in person at pet stores if you want to be sure of what you are purchasing. If you don't mind the surprise then this would give you just that.
Not very leak proof. Hard to open them.
This worked for us for a new dog situation and introducing her to our cat. It would keep her out of the bedroom but allow her to look in and allow the cat to come out freely. However, our 50lb dog is able to now bust the door open. It's not that the latch came off the door, somehow the hook part just pops up if you push/wiggle the door hard enough. This concept is great but the hook part needs to be more secure and it would be perfect.
Nice idea but doesn't work any better than a cheap plastic model. stiff. Dog struggled with not being able to see through it.
Great product! But bad packaging. As soon as it was delivered I could tell it was ripped open because all I smelled was dog food. The whole side was ripped open.
I was expecting the greenery to look less fake, but I like the little pots, and from a distance they are cute.
Paint started chipping, no suction cups included, made out of squishy styrofoam. My geckos did not even touch, Nevermind like it.
Got what I expected. Acceptable quality for the price. A little large for my 8 pound cats.
Cheap I'll pass next time
Used twice & dog ripped it way to easily. Probably fine for small dog
nothing to brag about
Just as good as any other carpet cleaner didn't do anymore for the pet oder
Seems ok but my dogs hate it because it has a baby poop texture. Very sticky!
Not great quality, very wobbly.. but my cats still scratch on it....
they do not stay on....have to keep putting them back on my dog. Look nice when they are on, and would protect your dogs paws if they stayed on.
It would be great to have a bigger size bag other than just the 4lbs bag it can get costly purchasing once a wk! The food is great my pug loved it but I had to change it to a different one since it was getting to expensive for the 4lbs bag
I haven't even tried it yet. It is very rigid, so it is difficult to gather around the neck. I pricked my fingertips on the sharp rigid Velcro. I plan to launder it to see if that softens it enough to use with a cat. Right now I can't get it to gather without cutting/stabbing my fingers on the Velcro and putting effort into it. I can't imagine trying to secure it around a struggling Cat's neck.
Unfortunately like many others that purchased this item, I found that it stank so badly that I could not give it to my cockatoo. However, they made it easy to return, and provided a return label so that it didn't cost anything to send it back, just a trip to the UPS store. I was refunded in full as soon as it was posted.
Way bigger than size indicates The glue that comes with them isn't great
This is poorly done. The pieces have bare spots where there is no stain, shown in pics. The screen is messed up on two panels. The top is super thin 1/4 thick. It would not last a year in Wyoming. I bought it to keep my cats away from my plants it should work. I suggest saving up and buying the other cage on here it's a bit better and more sturdy roof.
Although the functions are great, they do not go off the way they should. My dog will get a good 3-4 barks out before the collar even gives the warning beeps. The collar will also beep/vibrate when my dog just shakes his head and not bark. The main reason my dog doesnt bark as much when wearing it is because he knows what it does.
Nice but a little heavier than I would like where it is braided. Maybe once I break it in it will be better.
RATHER PRICEY, AND THE DOG DOESN'T REALLY LIKE THEM. WON'T BUY AGAIN.
Dont know yet. Havent been able to find someone to install it
My pup loves it. It fits well and is highly visible. It came fast and was well packed.
After a year they start breaking down on a Malinois collar
Was too large for my dog so had to return it. Replaced it with the Starmark small collar which is perfect.
Thin but it fit the crate great....
I have to run this nearly horizontally to do water changes. Would not pump water 5 ft up into my tank.
Does the job, but I wish it were a little longer and its a little stiff when opening the claws.
Love the way it looks but I did have two pieces fall off after a while
The bed seems pretty well made and is exactly as the picture shows. The problem is that there is virtually no padding on the bottom of the bed. The sides have strong, well padded bolsters. Just very little to soften the body from the hard floors. If you have padded, carpeted floors maybe this would be less of an issue.
I have a small dog (maybe 6 pounds) and these were too big on her. She hated them. I got some funny videos of her in them though. Had to return them. customer service was good.
It's ok.... would've been better if I could've tightened the bowl tighter to my baby's cage
I've had to return this collar because the collar will not hold a charge. I'm expecting a replacement in a few days. Collar is fully charged, turned off and within 8 hours its completely dead. In use for less then an hour using vibration 1-2 times and it's dead. I like how it works and would give 5 stars if the collar would hold a charge. The hand held remote holds charge well.
My large dogs loved it but killed it in a day.
The shipping took forever. I was really appalled at the slow shipping -- as a Primer member. The feeder works. Saxton says it will be fine. The audio on the announcement should have just been omitted from the design, b/c it is terrible quality. Other than that, the feeder works correctly. You have to know military time to set it up. One last negative point: the operation buttons are TINY for setting it up, etc. Very small, so if you can't see well, it will be difficult. I have not bought batteries yet, but intend to. Saxton says, "Quit complaining Mom, it's works great!"
Within a day all the leaves fell off the plants, now they are just stems floating, I'm hoping the grow back since the plant is still nice and green.
Have to open cover to turn it on.
Maybe every dog owner experiences this opportunity, but I really had problems with the diaper staying correctly in place on my 11-year old dachshund, even with the sanitary panty with suspenders worn on top of the diaper. I was so frustrated and heartbroken and know my baby had to be uncomfortable. Hoping this product works for other pet owners.
It's functional, but very squeaky. I wish I would have spent the extra few dollars to get a silent wheel. If you're a light sleeper, this might not be the best product. If your hamster is in a separate room or you sleep heavy, this product is great.
never actually used because dog tore them up immediately
This feeding dish is very cheaply made. Packaging was good except it came in multiple pieces with no directions. I pulled up the picture on amazon to assemble and that was easy enough. I bought it for my ferret food but unfortunately it doesn't seem to do the trick. Could probably work better for smaller animal food but the ferret food doesn't seem to want to dispense through the bottom. Overall I got what I paid for but it is very flimsy and cheaply made. Good for much smaller food if you have a very small animal. Not so good for ferret food!
Cheap chinese stuff, worked fine, no major issues.
Lasted 3 days one each day
Very disappointed in toy. While puppy liked it, it was exceedingly small. I admit when I bought it I didn't double check the dimensions, but thought given the price, it must be the large size like I bought in store at Pet Food Express for the same price. I was wrong!! Very wrong. It is very small and meant for small puppy. I bought it as a toy for my puppy to use for the next several months. This is just too small for puppy. It's not worth returning, but this retailer is clearly either buying these at retail and then marking up double or marking up to cover profit plus shipping. NOT WORTH IT!!!
The only thing wrong with these is a deal-breaker for me: they smell bad. They smell like grass or something. Gross. I use them to wipe the dogs' paws when they're muddy, but I can't stand the smell for long enough to wipe the dogs down.
My small dog loved this toy; it was his favorite while it lasted. I'm ordering another, but I'll supervise him more closely when he's playing with it. He had shredded the edges of the first one, and ingested some of the fluff. I'll be cutting off the tag and the "fur" before I let my dog play with the new one.
I tried but he hated them. I finally had to put it in cheese so he could not taste them this is an 80 pound pit bull who eats everything. I think they are good probiotics for my dog but If you have to fight the dog to get him to eat them. That's where I would prefer another brand. Craig
The product seems well made. But it has to be for small dogs only. It barely covers any space between my back and front seats. (Subaru legacy) it is hardly adequate for any dog from medium up
Great idea. Did not execute as expected. The "swinging" door keeps falling off.
(according to my Husky mix, anyway) This canvas cover definitely feels very durable. But my dog won't lay down on it. But it looks good sitting there in the crate by itself. :-)
Super smelly, dogs don't care but I did
My dog ate this like a milk bone not impressed.
Lasted 1 year and 20 days then finally died.. other then that this filter is easy to maintain and quiet. Ima gonna order another 1
Package came sliced open and leaking. The product itself is a good product just don't know if I would order from here again
The locking mechanism is good, I don't like that it's not fast to lock and unlock. It's sturdy which I like.
Fits kennel well. No difference between using a blanket and this cover.
Very hard and neither of my kitties were drawn to it.
Just received haven't used
This was delivered to the wrong address- 304 I am at 300 wood forge
I was really hoping this dog bed would last longer but I'm afraid to say it lasted 7 months. It's really starting to fall apart and it wasn't cheap
My pup really likes them and actually helps his breath when he chews instead of gulps. We're working on that. I doubt they cost anywhere near what we pay for them.
The quality was fine but I bought the extra small which was supposed to fit a chihuahua and it definitely was too large. Have not been able to use it.
My dog LOVES these, but they break apart easily and becomes a choking hazard
I received 4 mineral rocks and one regular rock I'm guessing it's to complete the weight, I didn't get the amount that they show in their picture I consider it false advertisement. I got two little fake plants which I can't use. I just can't comprehend on why it's so expensive? I'm hoping this will help my shrimp so far no difference.
Smaller than I expected
I bought this for a nervous kitty. Seemed to work and make her relaxed and not be scared. Worked almost immediately. Had a strange salty like smell. Put it in my bedroom and felt super sick while I was sleeping. Unplugged it but still got sick. Won't use again even though it worked for my kitty.
Would have given a 5 but they shipped me an empty package
Bag came ripped... odd. No damage to the shipping box at all. Otherwise it's good!
Hard to tell, my daughter watched the delivery guy throw the package to our stoop, so the bulb worked for a few days and now it doesn't.
On the plus side, it's cute and very well made. On the disappointing side, I haven't seen a woodpecker use it and we've filled it 3 times. the little birds peck away at it, but it's the squirrels who swing upside down on it like Cirque du Soleil devouring the suet like there's not tomorrow. the upside down part was supposed to deter them, but if anything they seem to be getting the suet out of this even faster than the other one.
Good product for the money. I guess I thought it was a stand alone dog bed but it's made for kennels. The sides collapse if not supported. So I ended up just putting it in the kennel. I bought a large and it was HUGE! We have a 45lb Pointer and she looks teeny in it. Picture to show it was roomy enough for my 35 lbs toddler and pointer. Also so you can see how the sides lay.
Didn't work all that well for 1 of 2 dogs w/ sensitive stomach
the 1st month seemed okay not great they still had some fights, and still seemed jumpy but i thought they improved, then the 2nd month and nothing they are back to fighting every day and storms are making them jumpy and hide not worth the money for my cats, i gave 3 stars for the 1st month otherwise i would have given 1 star
My dogs are hard chewers. This lasted 2 weeks.
The stitching came out from just a few weeks of use. Other then that he loved it.
The cats like it but it's sadly light weight and sometimes flips over when they are using it. It definitely won't stay still. I couldn't think of anything or anyway I could mount it to to make it stay still. If they sold a heavyweight one I'd definitely purchase it.
These collars seem well made, but the leather adds weight making them too heavy for a cat. Sizing a bit large for a small to average cat. Color and design were nice. I think these would be perfect for a dog.
Overall the plastic is a good quality, but it is not as pictured in that it has an extra feature that I didn't really need -- a bump in the plastic, which makes me think it's so the fish looks bigger there? Anyhow that's fine except it arrived with a huge dent in it. There was no damage to the box at all, so it had to have been dented when somebody put it in the box, which is lousy customer service.
The product is great. Pro- Easy No-Zip; Uses a single catch latch cover, easy to operate. Very breathable. Lightweight. Con- Does not stow easily from the handle. It has a red button on the handle, but does not operate the latch to release. You have to release both levers it at the 2 hinges. It has only a single catch to keep it in the closed position, quite lose, easy to break.
Sizing in description needs to be adjusted. Way too big. Ordered next size down.
This hutch is a little on the small side, but it's cute and built pretty well considering the price. It's not totally cheap-o, but it's not super high quality either. It's pretty small for 2 bunnies, but it works.
Works for brief periods.
My cat took it initially and then didn't want it at all afters. =( I do not think its the product's fault, my cat is just doesn't like medicine.
The neck hole is too big. The material is very thin. The price is right though.
It works great overall but I got a defective poop bag holder because it kept falling off since day one. Day two it was lost. It was a great feature so I was really bummed about that
had 3 Rings, very heavy, send it back
While my dog enjoyed scraping what meat there was off the bones, the bones themselves were very small and splintery like chicken rib bones would be. I was so worried she would choke or swallow something sharp that I wound up getting rid of it
Weather stripping that comes with door is worthless and very disappointing. Door did not install as easy as the video shows. It also was delivered later than it should have. If I had time before it was needed I would have returned it and ordered a traditional fixed unit.
Should have option to turn LED numeric temperature reading on or off. Celsius 'only' reading is alright because it's metric and probably more scientifically accurate. Could have Fahrenheit option. Sometimes you might not like the bright red digital numbers glaring out at you and your fish! Other times, it's cool to have on and see the red numbers brightly lit. Yes, it does maintain proper temperature and will even let you know when temperature exceeds the thermostat temperature you set. Manufacturer likely didn't design this LED on/off option to keep you continuously informed of water temperature. Many aquarium owners have a separate water thermometer other than relying on the heater reading. If you don't have a separate temperature indicator/thermometer other than just the heater reading, HURRY UP and GO GET ONE! They are inexpensive. This is a GOOD heater, not as small as you think, and the LED on/off issue.
I purchased this mat because of all the positive reviews and the design on the mat. I have been using it for over two weeks and it still has a bump where it was folded during shipping. It does catch some of the litter but not as much as I'd like. I'm still having to clean up litter daily. Maybe it is because the holes to catch the litter are fairly small? I use Tidy Cats. After all the positive reviews, I was expecting this mat to be the answer to the litter mess but unfortunately, it is NOT.
I bought this product for my cat. I had an issue and customer service resolved it immediately. I will update again once I've used it!!
Had them almost a week and nothing yet. Not a single root/sprout. Put co2 and root tabs to help with growth. I'll update next week if any progress. Until then I wouldn't recommend. Update: Seeds are starting to sprout, but not as many as i hoped. if you want a full grass look, you may have to buy quite a few packs.
Our cat loves it and has been playing with it all day, but it lasted less than a day. The plastic broke at the base of the door attachment.
This definitely emits a laser as advertised, but unlike most cat laser pointers the button toggles the laser on and off, rather than the laser only being on while you hold the button. This seems more dangerous, as it slows how quickly I can turn off the laser, and may risk damage to cat eyes.
The device look that are made from cheap materials and the batteries run out pretty fast
A cat over 8 lbs will not be comfy in this, but otherwise, it's high quality.
I like it but the slot for the latch on one side broke and was difficult from the start. Still using it.
I have long hair cats with silky hair. This isn't fine enough.
Nice bed, seems put together well but the colors aren't true to the listing. Maybe it's my device but the gray looked more tan or at least lighter and it's definitely gray. The blue inside the bed is pretty accurate and the trim is black. I'm keeping the bed even though it's not exactly what I'd hoped for. Rudy likes it and the gray will still work for our decor.
My dog would not walk in these
I ordered this product 3 months ago. It has already shorted out. I noticed it was not warm, so I unscrewed the bulb and inspected, didn't see anything wrong. Went to screw the bulb back in and the heat lamp sparked causing the breaker to trip, now the bulb doesn't work:(
Our harness didn't last too long as our dog chewed through one of the plastic clips, rendering it useless. We're back to a regular collar.
Was missing a rubber leg cap.. but just what my large dog needed. I have to find 4 rubber caps. But I do think that will be easy to fix myself.
I bought one of these months ago for my four cats and only replaced it because the motor was slowing down sooner and I was going through more batteries. This most recent one worked for a while and then just would stop running at random. Looks like there's a quality control problem.
Item looks good and is the right height for the bed. But it is made of foam rubber and not that strong. When my Chihuahua tries to push off the top step the stairs push back. That leaves an opening between the bed and the stairs. Because of the opening he is afraid to use the stairs. I did solve the problem by tying the stairs to the bed frame. I would not recommend these stairs for anything larger than a CHihuahua,.
The muzzle looks well made and sturdy, unfortunately I didn't get to use it because it was too big. I should've measured my dog but I was in a rush and didn't take the time. I just assumed a large muzzle would fit a 100lb German shepherd.
Cute. Would not recommend for heavy chewers.
I have ordered chicken breast jerky before for my dogs and they had no problem eating this. This time though this chicken jerky is too hard for them to chew or swallow as too HARD! And my dogs have choked on it . I am trying to soften the jerky up some and hope they will eat or the neighbors large dog will get them.
I ordered this in June, and now in November, the tightening slider has completely worn off. I managed to get the other slider through the loop, but just be aware, this isn't like... top-notch quality. The colors are fun, but faded a bit, especially where the slider goes back and forth. It's great for my 12lb dog, but very poor for my 95lb dog. That being said, it gets a lot of compliments. Fashion over function I guess!
Our timid greyhound was very scared of this at first. I took a bit of a risk knowing it was elevated/different, but was tiring of all the lumpy round beds from Costco. We coaxed her onto it eventually, but she doesn't seem to love it. Maybe she just needs some time. We threw a blanket and a crate mat on top. It was also a real struggle to get the last bar in place to screw on.
The product worked for both of my senior dogs, however one of my dogs, a 13 y o westie mix starting coughing this terrible dry hacking sound. I stopped giving him the additive and the cough cleared up after a week. A month later I gave him the dental fresh again and he starting with the coughing. Poor dog. needless to say, he won't be getting anymore of this. My other dog an 11 y o shitzu mix was fine.
I bought this because my 8 month old kitten was eating too fast and would then throw up a few minutes after each feeding. It did help him slow down his eating, but because there are no sides to the bowl food would spill all over my floor and it's light weight so my cat learned to pick it up and knock out all of the food and then eat it off the floor. After a few weeks of using this I switched back to a normal bowl and he paces himself better and is no longer vomiting after he eats. Not sure if it's related.
These are easy to install. I wish there was. Way to make the lead shorter. It allows for a pretty large roam.
Interesting feature for the aquarium but be ware the diameter of these is about 1 inch.
the crystals are not that great they are one step above basic kitty litter but there to quality clumping cat litter. Also I got the Lavender ones hoping they would cut down the smell some but unless you open a fresh box and shove your face in it you dont get much sent at all.
This is a cute little pond for teeny tiny baby turtles but ours disliked the lack of space once he grew which happened fast!
Bought in blue and LOVED. Bought in Green and got the wrong size multiple times until I GAVE UP.
The hippo is super cute but it's kinda hard to see that it's a hippo (see picture). The squeaker is loud which is great. My dog is less than a year old and not huge (cattle dog mix) and honestly the toy is too small for her. The price is not the best but it's not outrageous. I wouldn't buy this again but it still is a great toy for small dogs.
Shampoo came in too small of a box (2, 1 gallon containers), both lids had broken off leading to a leak. Thankfully the shampoo smells good haha.
I would have given this a five star, however, this is controlled through radio waves. This collar picked up signals that put my dog in agony because it was shocking when no one was near the remote. It's a good product if you live in an area where you don't have cell towers, etc. that picks up radio waves.......as for me, we don't want our dog suffering so we do not use it anymore.
Quality of item seemed pretty good. Unfortunately for us, it did not fit our 50 gallon aquarium. Measure your aquarium, and check against product measurements, or ask for them if they're not listed. It cost one third of the item cost for shipping to return this item!! Ouch!
My small 10-lb dogs ate these things in 5-10 min, I was bummed since I thought they were like the thicker Red Barn rings.
the heating pad leaves a lot to be desired, it barely gets warm enough to notice by touch, so the cat keeps on sitting on the electronics instead for heat.
I took a chance and bought the biggest one for my 100 Lb dog and it didn't fit...so I have not used it. I'll donate it to a shelter. The build quality of okay for smaller dogs...kind of lightweight.
Seems like it would be great for birds. Our guinea pig won't use it. It's smaller than it seemed in the picture. I doubt rabbits would use it either, maybe smaller rodents.
My cat was able to force his head through spot where 2 zippers meet. Be careful
My dog loves the toy! However she definitely chewed through part of it on the first day. It is keeping her entertained but i give it a week a most.
No, not 'whisper' quiet. The unit itself is a little more quiet that comparable ones but the air output isn't baffled, i.e. pulsates.
Not very sturdy at all
We found plain old cornstarch to be as effective, and without any sting.
Not substantial enough for larger dogs 60+ pounds. Ok going up but a little wobbly going down which makes my dogs a bit uneasy.
I love the product but hate that it arrives crushed. I routinely crush it on top of my dogs food but this last bag arrived almost entirely crushed in powder. That's an unsatisfactory condition and i can't use it how I intended.
If your cat is very big, they will have trouble getting in and out of the box when the lid is on. My cats are 10 and 14 pounds and both had trouble with the lid. However, without the lid litter gets everywhere. I ended up cutting the very top of the lid off and using it.. Also it's plastic so it absorbs the cat oder over time.
Cat seems to like this okay, she'll lightly roll in it a couple minutes but doesn't go as crazy for it as the dried catnip. I'll stick to refillable toys that can get the dried stuff in it.
Not sticky enough for pet hair - fine for lint
I bought this monster chew, for what ever reason my boxer managed to eat the whole thing in one afternoon. The ones I bought from a different seller have lasted my boxer for several months, he is still chewing on them. Not sure if it wasnt processed right or what. Will not buy again from this seller.
The bed itself is a nice size and the fleece lining is soft. However, it is a pain to wash and then re-put on. After drying the cover it's VERY scrunched on the bed. My dog still uses it but it definitely doesn't look as nice!
Put one by front and back doors and one on my keychain and the one on my keychain came unscrewed and is gone! It was only on there about 24 hours! Only giving 3 stars because we were able to use one of the others effectively
cute but the leather started peeling after about 2 weeks.
Got this for my yorkie/maltese that can be a jerk when I cut his nails. Unfortunately it's a little too big. Would be great if it fit, so just be weary of the sizing.
So I used this suit for 2 sister cats who were spayed. About 1 and 1/2 years old, around 5 to 6 pounds and 11in long and about 13in wide and I got the medium. The size was decent for my very fluffy calico, but still slid down her shoulders a bit, any smaller and it might have been too tight. For my short haired tabby, it slid completely down her belly over her incision :( but with my boyfriend being crafty we customized it by slitting a hole in the back neckline and threaded a ribbon through it to basically turn it to a halter top and it's absolutely perfect now because its adjustable. She can use the restroom and eat comfortably but she hates walking in it which is actually good because she is way less active and can heal properly.
Three stars because the collars are pretty. One star because reflective tape wore off in a very short time.
No idea why but neither of my dogs will go near this. They'd rather sleep on the floor than climb up the ramp. If they would use, it was a perfect solution.
Thes bulbs work as intended, but they have to be replaced often. I was burning through one or two of these every month with my lizards. Can't say I ever found another brand that worked better.
It's hard to know for sure but this product does seems like it might be having a slight positive impact on my 13-year-old black lab. She has gone through an entire bottle (8 drops, twice daily, dropped directly on her food). She is also on two kinds of pain medicine and a joint supplement. Since she still shows signs of discomfort, and the benefit is not dramatic, I cannot give this product more than 3 stars.
The product smelled good and appeared to be a good value. But the product did not knock out the order for good.
I only received two bags - not three as described. Would like to be compensated a discount for missing bag....
My dog has been on this for over a month now... still seeing yellow spots but, they are a little less yellow.
Dries quickly, which is about all it's good for. Does nothing to help rough paw pads, even after consistent application for more than a week.
Its pretty small and it doesn't hang very well. it is not secure at all. works sitting on the floor though
the strap wraps which are sharp are under the dog's belly.. very poor design for the comfort of the dog
I bought both xs and s sizes, and xs is too small for my 16 pounds jack russell for the neck area, it did not fit at all. And size s is too big for her even I adjusted it to the smallest as it can be, it is so loose that she got out of the harness while playing in the park. It would be a great product if the size was right.
The size for the band was big enough, but it was too wide and the elastic bothered my corgi. Also, the absorbent area of the band bunched beneath my dog's body and didn't really absorb. When I removed the belly band, pee had pooled without much absorbing, and it spilled. Although I thought these sturdy, thick bands were meant to be more absorbent, they were not a good fit for my dog. I will try with incontinence pad and hope they'll work, although he likes no-elastic bands much better.
I'm sure this would have been great if my dog wasn't so hell bent on getting out and destroying my house. Great design, maybe could've used better material
I know I sound like my grandpa when I say, "in the old days...." But, in the old days, as in 20 years ago, the compressed rawhide chews I bought at the pet store lasted for hours and hours of chewing. Sadly the pet stores do not stock them anymore. I'm not sure why. So I tried these. They have advantages in that they don't stink to high heaven when chewed. Sadly, they do not last very long at all. The layers come apart pretty quickly and I end up throwing away the chunks that come loose because of the choking hazard - which eventually means that I throw most of the bone away. I won't buy again.
My Frenchy loves this, but it has started to fall apart. I would for sure do more research before ordering. I want to order another one, but I might look for another brand next time
I had two horses that were coughing. I read the reviews and thought this product might help. This may be good stuff but it is not at all helpful if the horses don't like it and won't eat it. I put one scoop (per product directions) in with their morning feed and they refused to eat it. I tried drizzling molasses over it but they still did not like it and would not eat it. I finally had to take it all out of their feeders and replace with grain that did not have Cough Free in it. Then they both ate. I thought I would see if my old mare (that will eat anything) would eat some of the grain I removed from their feeders to avoid wasting it and she, too, turned up her nose. I can't say how the product works because our horses refuse to eat it. Manufacturer needs to make it more palatable if they are going to continue to sell it.
A vet recommended I get this for my cat after he started pooping on the floor. It didn't make a difference
The bad was broken and it spilled all over wasting a bunch. But even so it's great, ng chickens were happy.
They would be great if and when I can get our dog to use them as they were intended. But he sees them as a toy and runs off with them. God knows where they are. LOL Haven't seen them for days.
***BEWARE: Both of my dogs slipped out of their harnesses, which scared the hell out of me! I have the X-small & also the Large. These are nice, but only for walking in safe, secure places where you can catch your dog in case they slip out. The problem is that these don't go far enough down their backs, and they can slip out through their heads & front legs. For secure use, I'll be using their strap harnesses.
The dogs seem to enjoy them, they must be kept sealed or they become quite hard
Works but isn't that bright
Pretty heavy duty & over scaled for anything but a large strong dog. Way too much for my medium breed.
my dog is 15-18 lbs and he barley fits in here. This is definitely made for SMALL dogs. luckily i do have a smaller dog to use this with. but my fur baby did not fit all that well in it. I bought it for him because he loves going everywhere with me.
My cat loves electronic toys. Plays, eats and lays on them. So I bought the one with auto turn off ribbons on it. Except when I pulled the tab to activate the batteries it broke off. So now I have to open it and get the piece that broke off. And it tried to kill me. The screw holding on the battery cover was in there so tight it took an hour and destroying the screw head to get it off. I have the small screwdriver set. Usually works great but not this time. My cat is impatiently tapping his paw and asking me what's the problem, so I resorted to a big screwdriver. If nothing else, I can break the cover off. I eventually got it off, got the piece that broke off, put it back together and the ribbon part fell off. Took four tries to get that to stay on. I'm getting dirty looks by this time. But we're all good now. He's playing, my hand is dead, as long as he's happy......
It's not as thick/durable as it looks. Small holes, so for a wider leash it probably won't stay for too long.
Not sure these are effective as my old dog is still stiff after s fre weeks of feeding.
The qaulity of the finish on the parts is a 10. However the gauge and thickness of the tubing and cage wire used is subpar. Many cage accessories use the cage wires as mounting points....these being very thin and wirey make mounting things very sketchy.
Its nice but it takes ALOT of rinsing to be able to use for an aquarium...
Great little balls for small dogs. But pricey. Can get the same ones at Walmart cheaper.
I NEVER RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT.
Love the product...buy it in the store often....sadly, Amazon's shipping caused a great deal to be small pieces and many crumbs...picture is a portion of the crushed...disappointing
I bought three 4-packs of these dishes and was pleased to find they fit into my Cage Connection cages perfectly. I was not pleased to find that it took half the afternoon to get the large bar code stickers off the bottoms with razor blades and Goo-Gone. Whose idea is it to use adhesive on food dishes that requires toxic chemicals to remove it?
The lid is nice and thick, but it's hard to clean if you get any dog food in one of the other grooves. And it doesn't really fit my standard size dog food can that well.
Worked okay for a couple months. Then the legs start to break off.
The packaging wasnt in good condition. When I received my purchase it arrived a day late due to weather which is fine but i received it damaged and open. Nonetheless, my cats love it. It was easy to put together. The top level is not as sturdy. I was going to take it off but my cats love the fuzzy ball toy.
cat's loved it but as usual, didn't last more than two months... why can't they last longer??? I have two cats BTW. oh well they never scratch the furniture as long as I do have one around -
Literally a plastic bag filled with rope, no gift bag. The squeak toy came without filling. Although rope toys seem durable but only time will tell.
Most of the things I need to plug into this have huge casing around the plug. Therefore, I can't use all the outlets on the strip
Mostly satisfactory but you will most likely need a drill and zip ties to hold some of the shelves together. The tabs on the shelf broke off while trying to clip them on. It doesnt take much force, if any to accidentally chip the tabs off. I had to drill holes near the broken tabs and zip tie them on. Zip ties and drill sold separately.
It's nice that it u folds and is washable. My dog is 8 lbs and it was way to small so I returned it!
Product very sticky. Did not expect the cat bowl to stick to the floor when you clean it..
I bought this in an attempt to get my girlfriend's cats to let us sleep in piece in the mornings and not harass us for food in the afternoon. The feeder has worked very well and the cats have adjusted nicely to it. My only issue is connecting to it through the app. I upgraded phones and had to reset the feeder for it to connect and get notifications when they have been fed. Seemed like an unnecessary hassle since I was out of town when I had to get a new phone. I assumed that I would just be able to log back into the app and my feeder would be present and so I could receive notifications that they were being fed again. Sadly that wasn't the case and we were forced to return home a day early to make sure the cats were being fed.
The smallest size is smaller than a lip balm tube. Over priced. Product worked ok on the dogs paws but decided to use a product that offers a better value for the product. Happy with our switch.
Unfortunately I did not open until May 23 and five cans were crushed and useable. It was my fault in not checking sooner
Comfortable to hold. The head swivels easily. Doesn't do a great job on paws where the hair is thicker.
My cats were not very fond of this particular fountain.
They hatched, but require you to have other items to make sure...you have to make some type of cone or cup like device so the hatching escape and the eggs stay in it, otherwise you just have to flush it all, hatching included because they are too small and you can feed your fish the eggs...Impossible to separate unless you build something to go with it......That should have been advertised in the product better
just like everything else I have tried. doesn't really work all that well
This seemed huge on my little dog, even though I measured to make sure it was the right size. The quality was very good, but I had to make a new hole to use it.
Update: Good product. Feels higher quality than previous one. Previous one actually had a design flaw, so I guess they had a bad batch where it was assembled incorrectly Previously: I purchased this item brand new, but as you can clearly see from the pictures it has been used or banged up. I tried multiple batteries but neither unit would work.
Meh! OK but not great.
My dog likes these balls but they always end up under the couch and my bed. Its a pain to get them out! You can get tennis balls that are just as good from the dollar store for way cheaper
The locking mechanism is hair-trigger, locking when you don't intend and tricky to unlock. It's very easy to lock - and not in a good way.
My picky guinea pig didnt NOT like these.But then is anyone of them the same?
Smaller than I hoped for
My dog LOVES these balls!! The only problem with the balls is they don't last long with my boy. He isn't an overly aggressive chewer. He still has most of his stuffed toys but these balls turn him into a mad man. He is a 12 pound dog and can destroy one of these balls in a few hours with hard play. I will defiantly buy these balls again but with the knowledge that they wont last too long.
Small Aquarium Mesh Media Filter Bags - High Flow 500 micron - 3" by 8" with Drawstrings. They work just fine, but now that I have discovered I can get the same usage from cut-up pantyhose from the dollar store, I'm pretty sad I spent what I spent on these. That said, I bought them for bio media, not carbon, so it's not like I will be emptying them and refilling them with any sort of regularity; were I using them for carbon, I might see the point in them, since wet knotted pantyhose packets would certainly be less convenient to open and reuse. Maybe.
Took too long to recieve
Ordered Black with Pink trim, received an all denim harness. Retuned and re-ordered a black with pink trim, received a denim with pink trim! Not black as ordered but not going to bother with another return and receive the wrong harness again!!
Good price for how many you get, air flows through well. One of my six came cracked.
I received it and noticed it had a few tears underneath so I was a bit disappointed but can't return it now so .
price seems a little steep for such tiny mice
The product was to expected (5 star) but i was disappointing on how long it took to get! i would expect more with prime membership. this was the reason for the 3 star
Shipping was fast. But my inside boys aren't having no part of the seafood flavors.
We've had two of these and both broke (within six months) when the metal part inside rusted. We live near the ocean.
They slide off my dog as he moves because he not able to walk and pulls himself across the floor. The Velcro is great and is strong if only it didn't slide off
I gave this to my son...my dog wouldn't have anything to do with it...guess it was his personal choice... My son's dog loved it.
I love how this little looks like it's for humans but can be used to help your dog. I like how you can hold it by the loop. That's nice! I don't know if I'm doing it wrong, but the black water pouch is just WAY too short. My dogs lick the water nozzle because it takes up like 1/2 of the space in the pouch. If you have a Chihuahua or Yorkie this would be good. But any dog over 15 it 20lbs it's waaay too short for.
My cat loves these top-quality treats, unfortunately purchasing through Amazon the treats were crushed and half the bag was dust! At this price point, super disappointing. Petco sells for the same price and however they ship to the store they remain intact.
My cat will not go in it. Sigh.
Looks great on my puppy but was too big for her so I ended up cutting off the edge to make it fit .
Holy smokes! The price has went way up! My dog loved these but they are now too expensive. Won be buying something else
I figured with the price of these jingle balls, they wouldn't be "top of the line", and they are not, but they are exactly what I expected. Our cat loves this type of ball and bats them under furniture, beds, appliances and anywhere else she can hide one, so I buy them in bulk! The first one, I gave her broke, but she is playing with several others. She likes these, because she can pick them up and carry them around.
I bought this a few months in advance of my pup growing into it as I wanted to be prepared for when her collar was too small then I had the next one available. It looked pretty durable & sturdy at first but after a few months, I noticed the stitching was becoming loose. About a month ago, the loop where the excess collar slides thru , ripped completely off so I've been having to tuck her collar under so it's not flapping around. Even the leather holes where the clasp goes thru, have ripped. We've only used this for about 8 solid months. I've even used leather protection grease to help keep the leather in good condition. No use. I now have to look for a new collar for my dog.
These are built backward. The Velcro attaching point is on the front of your wrists where the hair is collecting, which means you're covered in it while you try to take them off. Also if you wear two gloves, you can't clean the hair off as you go. I've since gone back to one mitten gloves for my cat.
Well made just not what I am looking for.
I like all the access doors and food cups. Thought it would be a little wider. It is tall but my parakeets only stay toward top.
My puppy really likes this toy, but the fuzz on it sheds everywhere!!!
IDK if it's working I have to test the water
I expected a much better product mix
Worked well, but difficult to put on my Lab who wiggles!
My eclectus did like this food, but so far he eats everything I have given him....except his veggies. However the dye in the food turned his poop red/orange. What is worse... when he would have an accident on my carpet it would leave a stain that is impossible to get out. So now I'm stuck with buying new carpet. I do not want that strong of dye in my birds body.
Fell apart & unraveled after a couple of times playing with the cat.
I like it fine,But would like it alot more if it was thicker .Its too thin.
Too small for big dogs, but if you have a small dog then it's good
It was great the first 2/3 weeks but the base is poorly constructed and has broken now the post isn't able to stand.
It's a great bowl . Smaller than expected . I was gonna use it for a pit puppy. But considering how small it is, just gonna use it for my cats
I am a bit at a loss. I have ordered Taste of the Wild dog food for my puppy and overall am very happy with the product itself. However, with this last delivery, the bag seems to have come with an ant infestation. I brought the delivery box inside upon delivery and a few hours later had ants all over my home. I put the box (still unopened) in the garage with ant bait and they still seemed to be pouring out of the box with the bag of dog food inside. Finally, I opened the box and put the ant bait inside to see if I could remedy the situation. It has been about a week - the bag of dog food is still UNOPENED - and I still have ants. I don't want to return the bag with ants still coming out for the individuals who would be handling it during transport but don't know how else to contact the seller about how they want me to proceed.
Lots of great toys! It came with a ton of my cats favorite play things, however it did also come with a couple toys that not only broke very quickly but became a choking hazard for my one year old cat. Luckily no one was secretly hurt, just her ego. But it was definitely scary for both of us. We ended up throwing away all the toys in it that seemed similar. That still left us with plenty of toys though and the ones we were able to keep are HUGE hits. If you don't mind throwing a few away then this is a good set to buy.
I ordered this for my sister for her guinea pig for Christmas. While it does look exactly like the pictures and feels like quality material, I would not recommend this for a guinea pig. He did try to go in it / use it, but he was way too big. A baby guinea pig might enjoy it, but they grow out of it (my sister's adult piggy is about 11 inches long) . I'd say maybe get this for a syrian hamster or small pets like mice, it would be a cool toy for them.
First of all I received this late was supposed to be one day deliver got it 3 days late. I thought ball would be much bigger. Can't rate on the other stuff because dk yet to soon to tell. I'll rewrite a review when my dog plays with it
I had to return this because my cats were scared to death of it. My suspicion is the noise. Not completely the fountain's fault, but cats need to drink, so...
Priced to high for the amount you received
This is a good idea but its a cheap set so it doesn't hold up very well. The sponge part frays which is not safe for aquarium life if they swallow it and the other pieces are not as commonly used for aquarium cleaning so it may not be worth it for most. I would suggest buying individual pieces that you need at a better quality level.
We bought this for our pot belly pig that is at it's max weight now of 65lbs. It fits really well around the arms. The connection piece that goes from upper chest to belly that is parallel with the pigs body is a little long. Still worth the price. Very sturdy and strong material
Super cute . but runs pretty small bought a xl for my girl ans its not even close to fitting her . Fits more lik e a medium.
These are great sturdy leashes, but I wish I'd been warned that I could only fit three fingers through the loop. I am a normal-sized 5'9" woman.
The product is too shallow for a small poodle to sit in and not fall ou!
This product is decent but the shovel is too short and feels like it's going to break. The bags are more of a pain to use than they are worth so we don't bother
Found 2 ticks on dog after 23 days.
My cat is a little calmer around the two kittens. Not a huge difference.
it does not keep the fleas of to long after the bath may 3-6 days only
The arch part with the brushes comes out of the base quite easily. I wish there was a more secure way to keep it in the holes. Other than that, its good.
Claims to hold 15 pounds with no issues. My cat is just under that and the crate feels like it's going to fall apart when I put him in it. The plastic is cheap and thin. I used it now to transport my rabbit and smaller cat (6 lbs) and it has already developed some scratching and a crack on one side, one of the plastic clasps for the door broke as well and I think in total I have used it like 10 times.
Loved the design and quality of the leash housing. The lights were fantastic for night walking and really did their job well. My issue was that the leash wouldn't automatically retract back into the housing. As a result, it was dragged across the ground and just in the way. I made sure the lock wasn't engaged and tried every which way to work it out, but the leash just kept getting stuck pulled out. I was really disappointed by this because the rest of the leash was great. Returned for refund.
Didn't seem to help very much at all with my Pomeranian!!!!! :(
Kinda works but gets grubby easy and a bit of a pain to get on our Husky.
Ok. Not sure if it's working though. Dogs are still itching.
My cats seem to tolerate this flavor, but only just tolerate barely. It could be a lot better.
I ordered 2 sticks and they both look used with scuffs all over the handle and stick portion. One of the straps is even ripped near the snap. Not sure what batch these were from - the rejects?
My dog liked the toy and carries it around. However, the squeaker does not work. Disappointing on what is otherwise is a nice toy.
On the second day of having it, the head was already tore open.. but she still likes to chew on the outside. I have a Staffy Great Dane mix.
Title pretty much sums everything up. Definitely not for fish much larger than a betta or so.
Too big for regular/average sized cats
When I ordered this it showed the blue one...after I placed the order it said some colors my change. Do not like this sort of selling.
My dog loved these, but she could demolish one in a matter of a minute or two. I was hoping they would last longer.
The first pack I ordered was fine, but the latest one had all the pieces broken. Won't affect the taste, but the container really took a beating.
Their customer support is top rate. Friendly and helpful, even offering free samples of other flavors to try. But some of the flavors are stronger and less appealing than others, but I was not successful at getting even a lick from any of my dogs. Very cute packaging concept and the food is human-grade they tell me. My dogs didn't think that was a good enough excuse, though.
Only good for small tanks.
Durable for my calm Shih Tzu
Light is not bright enough to sustain live plants, even after ditching the batteries and using a converter its pretty dim. But its great to have a 360 view of the Betta fish.
Great cat tree- for kittens! I have two full grown cats and neither can sit comfortably on the shelves. Would be perfect if it was a bit bigger.
Very small, I thought it would have longer tubes :( kinds expensive, especially when they wanted the box more than the toy will most likely send back
Broke apart after three tank cleans. Bought this product bc of the beautiful pink color for my daughters flock aquarium. Was worried about the previous review video with the paint coming off the rock. This did happen but I was able to get all of the excess paint off and it was fine for about 3 tank cleans. The 4th tank clean the silicone coral part cane completely out of the rock base. Note to manufacturer. This item needs a heavier aquarium grade glue as it doesn't last but 4 washes. Wish I had a picture of the item but i threw it away as I was so mad that it broke. It really is a beautiful piece for the flooring aquariums and I was going to buy the blue one next. Not now.
For the price not very sturdy
Cute. Didn't make it even an hour.
This worked for about two weeks then my dogs got used to it and barked through the noise 👎🏻
Upon arrival it looked good. The set up was fairly easy. I left the wheel dispenser it came with, and I tried a portion size of 1, but it was too much food. I replaced the wheel with the smaller one. Very easy to replace. Keep in mind, the tiny screws are different sizes and must be placed in the correct spot. The small wheel dispenser seemed to work. But after 3 times of pushing the manual button, it stopped dispensing food. I could hear the motor attempting to turn but the small sized food had it stuck. So there I went, replacing the wheel dispenser again. This time, I wrapped a few of the fins with tape. I wrapped them in such a way, that only about half the area between the fins was able to be filled with food and dispensed as a size portion of 1. On another note, it does not seal the food. Dont place a whole bag of food and forget about it. I actually don't use it unless, I know I wont be able to take the time to feed my kitten. I know, I would not like any stale food.
Overall good product, however both handle and snap poorly assembled.
The back side of the bag had a tear about 2 inches long. Not too happy about that.
got this for a very, very small cat and was almost perfect if only it had a few more inches in hieght
I don't have a positive review YET, but I can say I'm very disappointed that my dog won't eat it. I have to smash it down to powder & put in wet food.
A bit flimsy and wobbly. Not the best for my chubby kitties, but probably fine for small kittens. My cats mostly just use the blue enclosures for sleeping and playing.
This is the second dog PJs I have ordered and both pairs the bear comes right off after first day.
The product is very soft. It is easy to break apart after opening the bag. It is great for hamsters to make beds with. It is also, not pure white. Every bag of white has had some stray other colors mixed in at random. The bedding is disgusting in a day or two. It reeks when peed in, it does nothing for odor control. I use a deep bedding system and with this, I have to change the entire area at least once per week. I scrub everything in the cages, all toys, the wheels, etc... I mound in 4-5 inches of litter. Within two days, it reeks. Even my Syrian reeks. I switched to Carefresh and the difference in smell control is night and day. I won't go back to Kaytee for bedding. It isn't keeping odor at bay for long. Syrian hamsters do not reek as a general rule. While using Kaytee, it smelled as if I never cleaned their habitats.
Don't like the fact its not kibble size. The chunks are too big for my dog. The pics look deceiving.
Small, way way small. My pup's measurements were below the XS guidelines, and against my better judgement, I went ahead and ordered that size thinking I would still have a whole inch to work with if it based on the reported measurements. Well, that wasn't the case. The buckle took up that inch and more, and at it's loosest point, it was still tight in my pup. I had to make adjustments and sew the parts manually. Also, the best is just so tiny. I wish I would have ordered as bigger size, but even the Velcro signs are tiny. Barely readable. Would not buy again, but it's going the job I needed it to for now.
9.5 lb mini poodle has already completely chewed off the tail.
Have not used it yet.
I like it except for the fact the collar beeps all the time. I thought it would only be something the dog would hear.
Boxes are a great size for small kittens but not idea for larger cats.
So I ordered an extra large piece and as you can see in the pictures... it's not what I would assume is extra large. It's a good looking piece, lots of character. But I feel like I didn't get what I paid for. It's in a 55 gal tank so it looks quite small in there. I'm sorry to say, I'm a bit disappointed. There were no broken pieces though like some of the other reviews stated... it was packaged well. Just wanted something that arched across my tank more. I guess it'll do.
Love the concept of the bowl, but dropped it getting it out of the box and a big chunk of it broke off. Afraid my dog will cut her neck on it while eating. Ordered another one and will handle it more carefully.
The material is very flexible, but I had to take it away from he dog because it was easily chewed and swallowed.
PLEASE READ... I bought the perch version from this company and had to return it because it burned my birds feet..it got way to hot. He is an Eclectus... I bought this sz large side mount heater for my macaw..when I first took it from the package, I plugged it in and left it laying on my kitchen counter for 30 mins to test the temperature, It was nice and luke warm, I felt it was perfect...so I installed it in the big aviary cage for my macaw.. the washers on backside of this large one, were too small and would fall through the bars but luckily I had some much bigger washers (larger than 50 cent piece) and the heater held into place perfetly. My husband had to run the cord through PVC pipe and mount it to the backside of cage otherwise, my bird would have pulled that cord in and chewed it up..I highly recommend using PVC pipe for this.. so within a few hrs if being installed, I felt it and it was hot to touch. .once again like the perch I bought from this company..since it's a side mount, I will keep it but it is too hot...luckily my bird can get away from it or get close as much or as little as he wants.. I am disappointed In the thermostats of these newer versions...I had two perches from 10 yrs ago by this company and they both got luke warm and remained perfect for yrs...don't know what the company changed, but they need to go back to old style.. people please check and check again with any heater from this company....for your birds safety..
Great bed, 5 stars. Went to buy another and the price went from $15 to $29. What the heck?
Pretty easy to assemble but it's a little wobbly. My two smaller cats like it but my BIG cats don't trust it. The little ramps don't stay in place so will probably just take them off
It works decently well but its actually only a two meal feeder with a 3rd slot so you can manually feed. I was hoping to be able to set the times for 8am so he could get fed in the mornings but it only lets you do a 24 hour schedule
My dog refuses to touch these. I don't know why, but he hates freeze dried food. That's the only connection I can make between the stuff I've been trying to feed him, and the stuff he won't eat. He'll chow down on a blueberry muffin (when he steals it off the table), and cooked broccoli, but he refuses to touch the expensive treats/food I get for him.
Isn't as it was in the picture. It's kind of cheap feeling
First off this is a fantastic product as start to finish, USA! No foreign processing plants, All around a good thing. Unfortunately, description lists this as a 15 oz bag. Actual weight, printed on package is half that. Ultimately, we paid twice as much per pound as we anticipated.
I have had issues with stress and anxiety from my cat. We thought we corrected the issue and learned we had not. To attempt to find something that works for my cat, the vet suggested calming treats. After some research on different brands I found these and the price was right. I ordered them. They are too big for most cats to take straight, so I have to cut one treat up. We only use them every other weekend when we have the BFs daughter. My cat doesn't particularly care for them and won't eat them freely. I have to come up with creative ways for him to ingest them. I paired these treats, with a diffuser, and a calming collar. That seemed to relax him to the point he wasn't aggressive and urinating outside the box. I think a combo of these treats and the diffusers really helped. I would give him one in the AM And then another in the PM, unless he displayed behavior that required an earlier dosage.
the cotton was a little thin but it was cute
It works and fits over the crate perfectly. It slides around fairly easily though and the material is very noisy, like a noisy rain coat
It's alright. Not as sturdy as I thought but it works fine if you support it correctly.
Really impressed with this shock collar. I love that you can control the intensity of the shock and vibration. I also love that you can just have the collar beep only, vibrate only or shock only. I test all shock collars out on myself before I put it on my dog. The lowest shock setting doesn't hurt at all - but able to feel it enough to correct behavior. If it's too soft or for a bigger dog, probably would have to increase the intensity. My dogs I only have to use the beep or vibration and that corrects the behavior.
I ordered the "medium" size for my 70 pound dog. I wanted something on the smaller size for a quick, supervised snack. The medium is REALLY small--about 2.5" wide and 3" tall. I can't imagine what kind of thimble-sized dog would the Small Kong would be for! 3 stars is mostly to warn shoppers to check the dimensions first. Otherwise, the product is a good one.
Had NO effect on my dog who is a small (28 lbs) dog even when only a short distance.
My goldendoodle promptly destroyed this. I don't recommend it for puppies or dogs who like to chew things.
The idea is great, but my dog tears it apart. A framework that would keep the dog from dismantling it would be a great improvement.
Dog did not like. Grip well, but almost too much. He tried to march instead of walk. Also, size fit front paw great but not so well on back paws.
the quality does not reflect the price. Even the chrome brand name lost half the letter when i gently removed the protective film from it...
Smells nice but I don't see a difference.
This is well made and I like the color on the handle as Its easier to see but the loop in the handle is too small. When wearing gloves my husband can't get his hand into the loop and he will be wearing gloves for dog walking a lot!
This thing fell apart quickly. It was fun while it lasted.
Great light but starts messing up and stops working after 6 months on both ive ordered
If you have a cat the flings litter everywhere, this wont be for you. Cat still flings it out the front where it's not protected
My cat doesn't like it...
My dog Loves these. They are a bit stinky as I read in some of the reviews, but not to the point I don't want to give them to my pup. When they are chewed on for a while they become stringy white, not sure why. I've taken the stick from my pup when she gets half way down because of the texture/small piece in her mouth.
3 out of our 5 cats will eat this. Hence the 3 stars. None of them have ever turned away from canned food. Went back to the other (healthy) brand for the other two and will feed the remaining cans to the three who will eat it.
My cat did not like, he is very picky, so this is not to say others will not like. The amount for price is very good. It is very fine.
Never got returned for a larger size and I was forgotten about-- but they didn't to bill me.
Runs big. If your dog's neck is close to the cut off size, order smaller.
My rabbit is pretty unimpressed by most things. He interacts with this at least briefly.
Since our dog is black, this camera works best for us on night mode. Otherwise she can be difficult to see with our dark furniture or her black crate. The color image just doesn't provide enough contrast and can be distorted by natural light. The laser play is kind of neat but there's only so much you can do with it. The audio is AWFUL. Easily the most disappointing feature of this camera. Garbled and distorted on the pet's end and there has been a lot of issues with feedback on the watching device's end. They are trying to fix it but seem to be having a hard time with it. The news feed feature is a bit superfluous. Who needs more social media these days? The recording is a helpful feature, although the auto recording is very limited unless you pay them for a subscription. (More money, guys? Really?) You can do photo capture or record manually from your device which saves to your device. You won't hear the sound for your recording until playback, just FYI. Short version: -Pros- Good night vision Decent laser play Auto record option -Cons- Really poor audio Not the best light interaction on color camera They want you to buy a subscription All-in-all, I think a baby monitor or camera would have sufficed for our purposes, but the price is ok for a decent night-time camera.
After 7 minutes, only the little velcro on pieces remain. This did not deter my pup at all...the main body is GONE. On the bright side, she will get joy from throwing around the little pieces. They will likely last awhile.
Puppy did not like to snuggle with it. She more so attacks it and doesn't want it near her stuff.
Good bowl but doesn't slow down my dog while eating.
It's bird food. Kind of. I hate the use of corn in it. And after multiple recalls of ZuPreem food I have a hard time trusting the brand. Most of my birds will at least accept this food, so that's a plus I guess.
They sent me a pink one ??
Too powdery, but works.
I give it 3 stars not because of the quality of the product the shampoo itself is great but the packaging was horrible , quarter of shampoo was spilled, if you pay for a product it should come intact.
For how much you're paying it's not really worth it. Although I will say that I could not find anything similar in stores.
Weird shape. Treats don't come out easily. But my friend loves theirs and she puts peanut butter in it.
These are bright and have a nice squeak for our pet but the plastic they are made of is thick and tough and not so easy for him to catch.
size, paw pattern, and fabric are all great BUT the button pulled off of one side the first time I needed to unsnap it from my dog. Glue instantly fixed the problem but it was just a bummer it broke during the first use.
He actually preferred his regular dry Chicken Purina cat food over it.
I have four large Coolaroo dog beds and have replaced the covers on all of them. I'm working on round two, but have decided they have gotten too expensive! They do not hold up!
The product seems good. I gave it to my mom for her dog because I didn't realize it was the smaller bone so I couldn't use it, but it seemed like good quality. But bummed it didn't specify small bone, or at least I didn't notice.
Not as durable as I would expect from Kong. My dog is a chewer and it didn't last very long.
I bought this in March of 2018. It is now January of 2019. It worked great and did what it was supposed to do when it worked. For the past few months (around October) it started switching sooner than it should (had them switching at 8 am and 8 pm. They started switching at 7). Then yesterday I switched around my reptile room and when I plugged it back in, the screen was no longer working. My night lights immediately came on. I couldn't get the screen to work again so I couldn't reprogram it. For now I'm using it as a basic power strip with the "constant" outlets until I can find something else. Unfortunately there aren't many outlets with the timers that switch day and night lights. I love the idea of the design, I just wish it worked a little bit better.
The charge don't seem to last long,
What did I like the most was the cutest style for my 4lbs. Puppy yorky girl. The fit was perfect for her weight. The most important part was the leg opening for her to release herself was wide enough and me not having to worry about it getting on the clothes. Also the pricing is good. What I dislike was after a week of wear there was lint all over and it looks like a hand-me-down outfit from many years of wearing. That is the only downfall of this item. Overall I would buy it again just because the cutting of the outfits fits my baby so well. Comparing to $50.00 departments retailers.
Fleas on a 13 week old puppy. Helps some. But still gets fleas.
The coat was good and warm. However, the size was to small for a medium. Had to return the coat because of size.
String already came out
I have a pomsky and it does the job but it definitely drips and leaks. His crate always has water in it. Also, he's only 4 months and he can pull it off with no issue.
The pvc pipe that holds up the sides too flimsy my 12 pound rat terrier broke it first time out.
The size runs small so be sure to keep that in mind. Wish I had known I would have ordered a bigger size. Other than that love it
It worked good but way too sensitive. My dog got sprayed when she sneezed or shook herself.
I think the holes are too small. The birds prefer my old seed socks and rarely use these new ones. When it gets crowded at the feeding station, they do eat off these socks. They might be getting a little lazy
Our dog likes it, however, I can't tell if we have less shedding.
Super long, like wearing a dress. Thought it was more like a jacket length.
I couldnt get them on her right so they would stay on
Like the different heights. The cat tree is not sturdy enough.
I love the design however like many pressed board furniture deliveries, a few corners showed damage upon receipt.
My dog did not like them!
Great amount for the price. However, found out my dog is allergic to something in this and it made him super itchy.
It's OK, but Very heavy. Had trouble lining up 4 holes, too, so not as stable as I'd like.Screws want to pop out.
It does what it says EXCEPT, for some reason it doesn't detect the 17lb dog but does detect the 23lb dog. Problem is, it's the smaller dog I'm trying to keep off the rug its placed on.
My dogs were not as happy with these. Won't buy again. Probably just a dog thing.
Good dental treat, but not suitable for dogs with GI issues. My dog would get really bad gas eating these.
Product had rust on it when we received it. The rust was located on many parts of the crate.
He loved it, but tore it to shreds within minutes so it didn't last long.
The urine DID run off the pad.
Dog chewed up the plastic and fabric is tearing & ripping.
They are nice quality. I double checked the sizing and it was correct but after a few minutes they would come off. If they would stay on they would be perfect.
The clumps are so huge that cleaning the litter for our 2 cats means we have to buy one of these boxes every month. Seems like it should last a couple months, but it doesn't.
iffy....heats ok but keeps unhooking
I purchased this harness for a 18lb dog. The MEDIUM size that I ordered was WAY too small for this dog to wear comfortably.
The food sometimes doesn't fall into the bowl once eaten. I have to shake it to release more into the bowl.
My main issue was it was leaking a bit when i received it and i find it pretty watery but it smells great and leaves my dogs smelling clean and dont dry their coats at all
When you first give this to your dog they may not drink water for awhile but they WILL get thirsty and drink eventually and you'll be glad you gave it to them! I cannot speak to the tarter control situation because I have a little dog and they just have bad teeth. BUT, this has done wonders for her breath! I get a gallon of water and add this to it so I just have to pour it from the gallon into her bowl and she will drink it right away now that she is used to it. BUY THIS!
I have gotten this type of toy for many animals this is one of the better made ones. But, after we got it and my daughter placed it in the hamsters cage I noticed it is NOT nearly 18 long and therefore doesn't serve the purpose we purchased it for. It is already used and is perfectly good quality so we are using it. But, will be buying another for that original purpose. So in the end Hamster wins.
Once you wash it a few times, the shape in the front is completely gone. My piggies can still get in it, but it is flat.
OK, but runs small. Item is nicer than it appears with some of the colors. Be careful about ordering too many at a time because the company got the colors I ordered mixed up.
We got the XL for our 75lb Pitbull and it worked great, and fit well. If he really tried hard he was able to reach his incision sight. but honestly he was pretty heavily medicated after the surgery and he just wasn't interested in working that hard to get to the site. So it worked really well for us. It's very soft and durable. It does velcro close. So my biggest concern is that it will ware down..eventually. but so much better than the big plastic cones.
Good product at a great price.
although not perfect, these seem to be the best booties I've found for my dog so far. I like the bungee cord tightener because I can make them tighT on his legs. one or two fall off here and there. and the only other thing, the bungee isnt at the very top of the boot, so if my dog walks in deep snow, the snow goes down the boot
Not good for long term use. Mine allowed the fish food to mold. Maybe if you're going to be gone over a weekend but not much longer.
It's VERY small and I have a very small cat. It's difficult to get her in the thing because it's so flimsy and doesn't hold its shape well, even with a towel on the bottom to weigh it down.
After 2 weeks my dogs were itching again. On to the next one!
My dogs chew like no others... lasted about 5 days.
My dog loves to eat this (but he likes to just eat this and not touch his dog food), but it's so expensive for a little bag. Won't buy again. I could get the same results by making crumbs of my own for less.
Works wonderfully, size was perfect and true. Only complaint is, the cleanup is a little messy, but overall good buy.
Although they are a good fit, they are hard to keep on and my dog doesn't really like them. I think it would be wiser to introduce the concept of shoes to a younger dog for better success.
Bought this for my sphynx whom is known to get cold&needs to be kept warm due to not possessing any fur. We turned it on&threw her blanket on it. Within 30mins, she discovered heaven. She loves the bed and likes to nuzzle her body on it. Cutest thing ever. Overall, great investment. The only thing I wish they fix is that the heating pad is only a small portion of the bed. Also it emits a very strong plastic-y smell when heated.
The pink is pretty and it's soft. Got the big one for my Labrador. The bed part is thin on the bottom so place on a plush rug because it's cold on a hard wood floor. Overall we like do we kept. Washed up well in my washer on gentle wash.
I wanted to love this. The concept is cool but it was way too big for any of our numerous doors. Once hung I couldn't fully open or close any doors I tried it on. It comes out really far into the room. And the color is pretty awful too, with no other color options. Great concept, but needs improvement to work in more spaces. Had to return it.
Good and heavy duty toy. Squeaker broke in the first 2 hours of my dogs playing with it.
Pretty but too dark. Maybe it'll lighten up?
Overall they're just ok basic collars. Good for the time being. Moved to a house with a very large backyard/half acre lot so I got these for the girls but there has to be a decent amount of light around for them to reflect, so they aren't really useful in the yard since there are no lights at the back fence. Regardless, I also noticed that they over time will slightly loosen themselves, which if you have any kind of escape artist, could pose a problem. So buyer beware.
My dogs didn't care for them. I tried 4 times.
Terrible product. It only worked for a month. Worst dog fountain I've ever purchased. **UPDATE** The company contacted me and sent me a new item with no charge. It has been working fine. I have been using it for like a week. I have to mention that the customer service is really quick and attentive, I like that very much of a product.
this is the only tape style leash we've had that gets bound up all the time. every previous one we had never had an issue with the tape getting twisted inside the housing. several times it fails to retract all the way due to not going on the reel correctly.
Had to have 2 shipped to me. Not
I like that it works. I dislike where it says 1/2 only one side works
Product works as intended when not broken. Plastic clasp on bottom (not sure why this piece is not made more sturdy or made of metal) broke within a few days of having it. Annoys the dog a bit, but I'm sure they get used to it over time.
Not going to lie...a little disappointed by the looks when it came compared to the photo online. Of the three toys I ordered, this was the one no one wanted. Eventually, my cocker spaniel chewed on it a little. it seems very sturdy, which is a huge plus. I generally get rope toys from the dollar store, because my dogs kill toys in an incredibly short time. While my dogs are chewing on different toys now, as I write this, think it will get it's fair share of use eventually.
My dogs are exactly 16" around (girth) and neck size 11", so I ordered a medium, but the harness was big enough that they could get out of it if they tried (high strung spoiled yorkies that don't mind). I have altered the harnesses for them. I would suggest if your dog measures as mine that you stick with a small.
I like the idea and the bright color and the message but our collar didn't come with a tag holder for the tag, so our tag is on the actual collar clip. That is a little disappointing. Hopefully this product is improved in the future, for now it works for our indoor cat.
Good product for those doggie events....cuts, wounds, some pain relief. Too expensive though, trying another similar product. Also, very oily. Leaves oil spots, though.
Dogs wouldn't touch this food. Not sure why.
Not as good as I expect
I bought it for my large dog because I thought if I put peanut butter in it he would go for it. He took it out once and that was it. It should be advertised that the product is useful for puppies and not older dogs
This is a nice looking lamp with a bright reflective interior. However, it would not stay lit, although the light would come back on briefly if you wiggled the bulb. Also, a 15W full spectrum fluorescent bulb was just a tiny bit too long so the lamp could not be set on top of the cage. Returned it for refund and ordered the next larger lamp.
Lasted about a week with our pit. Once its punctured its done. So far the solid nerf ball is the only thing to last.
They worked great for about 3 weeks. Then the Velcro would catch on anything and the puppy could get stuck to what the Velcro caught.
The item arrived intact in the bag, but the product inside the bag was more fluffy bulk than individual pieces.
I'm going to have to write this now and update later... there are carpet strings EVERYWHERE...EVERYDAY. while the construction seems sturdy... the material is CHEAP. For 200, pay a local handyman or wood worker to make it.
2nd purchase hope clip system on this model is better, 2 months so far so good
Too small for my golden retriever. It was nice quality, but had to return it due to it being too small.
I'm not sure it's the product but I know my dog could give a hoot about this bone.
Made well, but hard for my very large German Shepard to play with to ridged.
Installed this on a cabinet that I had turned into a litter box enclosure. Door swung back and forth without issue when I pushed on it. However, both of my cats were afraid to use the door for whatever reason. I tried to train them to use the door with treats and toys but nothing ever worked. I ended up selling the enclosure to someone else with a cat. Hopefully they're not having the same issues.
I READ DIRECTIONS AND IT SEEMED LIKE THE COLLAR WE ALREADY OWNED, SO RETURNED IT. WHAT I DID NOT LIKE WAS.....WE GOT A LETTER ASKING US TO RATE THE COLLAR FIVE STAR,AND IF WE THOUGHT IT WAS OK, TO TELL THEM THAT, AND THEN THEY WOULD SEND US A $20 CREDIT. OR $10 IF RATE AT OTHER NUMBER.. ALSO NOTICED ON THE REVIEWS THAT ALL THE NAMES RATING THE COLLAR A "5 STAR* ARE ASIAN. THINK IT IS MADE IN ASIA. MAKES ME WONDER IF THEIR REVIEWS ARE ACCURATE. DON'T THINK A CREDIT FOR RATING IS A GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICE. THE COLLAR MIGHT BE FINE, BUT DIDN'T TRY IT.
My dogs like it. It's comfortable but the cover is poor quality so I am having anew cover made.
So once you get it up it works great - but it was FRUSTRATING as all get out to put together. It seemed like the cover was too small to fit on the length of the metal frame and I had to fight with it - almost to the point I was going to give up and return it because I thought it was defective. Anyway once it was up it was supported the weight of my 55lb dog and also of me sitting on it lol (not at the same time) but honestly its my cat who loves it and uses it almost daily. I have it on my patio and it was stood up to the Florida heat and rain throughout the summer.
Decent. I have the Scotch roller too and can't really tell the difference.
Well to be honest the product is what it is and although my dog has not quite taken to it yet because he doesn't understand its purpose I personally walked on it full body weight and considering my dog is a larger breed it should work out just fine once he takes to it but the way that it was delivered and the packaging the Box was damaged and it looks like that there was chips in the product itself upon shipment.
Cute toys and pleasant chirping but my cats just don't dig them. The bird quite large and seems to overwhelm them so they just avoid it altogether.
I've ordered this product several times and have had no issues. This time the product came with a dented bottle and broken pump head. It is unusable. I rinsed off the previous pump thinking I'd be able to use it on the new bottle but it worked for about a week. Now it won't pump . . . not sure if it has something to do with the dented bottle or the shelf life of the pump. The convenience of pumping is now nonexistent. I'm very disappointed and will be leery about ordering this product again.
They don't work as well as I thought they would. The nubs aren't sticky.
Will last about two winters...
My cat got to the package before I did. There was bite Mark's and it was half chewed. They wanted it bad.
Bought this product for the past 5 years. It works, But past bottle makes my at throw up. Is there different ingredients?
Good collar but the black print covers always fall off and the prongs are fairly pointy or sharp compared to others.
As you get into the bag they are split and broken
Some of the pieces are way to big in circumference. My dogs are not interested in the huge pieces. The smaller pieces are best.
we actually found one at pet smart that we like better. Easier to use and the price was competitive.
I have my support dog for about 2 years therefore I am very familiar with service dog vests. What I like about this is that is sturdy and has the handler. What I did not like was that the size XL, the vest itself was huge. The size M the vest was too small. I have a pit bull/boxer of 5 years. I based the size by the photo of the animal. They are not accurate. After both intends I decide to return both of the vest due to I was not satisfied.
Arm openings are too tight
I really wanted to love this. I really hoped it was half as awesome as promised. Unfortunately, my dog is a beast and ripped it up within a couple hours. I will wait until it's no longer functional at all before I request a replacement, though. For now, it still works. I would highly recommend this toy to at least 90% of dog owners.
Sizes are not accurate
My dog chewed right thru hers, and its definitely not completely 'no pull'
Works decently but collar is already falling apart and the battery needs charging much more often. Only have owned for a couple months
The heated part STINKS
I cannot believe I paid this much for a stick and two metal pieces . I was expecting at least a chain or a piece of rope even . I'm sure some were in the description it may have told me it was just a stick but come on throw in A rope people
How gross is it that I received a bottle with someone's hair stuck in the sticker. The product itself is fine though.
I was almost going to return this. It is expensive but the only solution works for removing the tear stain from my dog. It arrived with white powder on the bottle I thought it was leaked.
Suppose to be good quality. My pup had the stuffing ripped out the next day. Bummer
Opened package, hoodie was BLUE and RED, not gray and orange. Was really looking forward to this, but a little too 4th of July for me.
Seemed strong.. however definitely not non-slip like advertised. My dog was all over the place. There was no hooks for the side flaps to hook on to so mu dog had to wait impatiently to unhook the side from my oh crap bar. Another negative. There was no anchors to the seat itself so my dog would put the entire thing up... no seatbelt access... just overall not thought through for a dog owner.
I bought this cage for my mouse and he was in it for less than a day before he wriggled out. Yes, it's probably chew proof, but the gaps in the cage from the way it folds are so big that he could squeeze his whole body through with ease. The construction is also very flimsy; I had to fortify the corners with zip-ties in order to keep it from coming apart. Definitely not the best option out there.
This item is for feeding the squirrel equivalent of candy to outdoor wild squirrels. Do not use this (except as treats) if you are rehabbing a baby squirrel when it is weaned.
ive never experienced a shampoo result like this, totally enhances the fluff! my dog is hypersensitive to allergies though, and his previous medicated shampoos gave him more of a shiner gloss coat, this type looks dry in comparison on him, so I will try this brands medicated option after he gets his seasonal grooming hair cut shave so the formula can reach penetrating his skin optimally.
Not small at all! It fits around her neck, however it is so wide it rubs her skin...She is a little chihuahua.
Great material super strong for strong chewers. Much smaller than I thought it would be. If you have a small dog it will be great
Decided to give this a bash given that our cats like Instinct dry food and hassling with half-a-dozen small Tiki Cat or Fussy Cat cans each day was simply a pain. While we'd expect cats to have issues with new food, they'll eat around this stuff, leaving it the only thing in their dishes. Not one of them warmed to it after working through a case of the stuff.
My little guy loves this treat. My only complaint is it doubled in price from the first time I purchased it. I'll probably be looking around for another dealer when I purchase the next bag.
I got this set, just tried it, and it really does work, however, the down base of the big one where we have to open when cleaning it, it could not be removed . If there's a trick to it no instructions were included. I have to broke the top of it so I can be able to clean it.
I am rating this 3 stars because i had ordered a large as it said it would fit a lab but instead i got something that is much smaller. luckily i got this for my rabbit and not my dog as she is medium sized and it does not fit here. i would say it is a decent product as it is sturdy but the size was small. the nice thing is my bunny does like it a lot
Did not work for my pit. The wipes are too thin, I noticed after 3rd use that I've been using a couple at a time, sometimes it was 3 wipes, that is how thin they are. Save your self the time and money and get the spray and towels on the side, that is if this product works for you. But other wise. Not worth it
Basic model. It does it's job, don't expect miracles.
The bottom part of the bag is quite flimsy and feels like plastic wrapped cardboard. I my cat fits in it but gets all wrapped up cause the bottom piece does not stay in place
Easy to use. Not crazy about color control. Would've been nice to chose color.
Bought this right after my pup caught a skunk. Got it about 5 days after and he hasn't had another encounter so we have not used it yet
I do enjoy when I put it on her it's very easy to but she slipped out of it the other day
My dog likes them, but almost half the box was broken treats. There is not alot in the box to begin with and with so many broken I would not order again.
Meh. It sometimes just gives up. Steadily declining battery performance. Inconsistent level of performance.
Seems to be helping my dog. We did not realize he had gotten fleas, as we haven't had them in years. Got flea killer from the vet, and the cream seems to soothe the spots he scratched.
My product arrived without a shoulder strap. I wish the bottom was sturdier.
Cats absolutely love them, but they are not study. We bought 3 and 2 were destroyed in about a week. We are saving the last for a special cat occassion. :)
My cat couldn't care any less about the toy, nothing special about it.
It does what it says it does but my dog couldnt care less. If your dog is the sensitive type, this may work. If you dog tends to bark at air in spite of you yelling to SHUT UP... Probably go with something else.
It came in a flimsy plastic bag that wasn't well sealed and it has a musty, mildew type odor. Not great sign.
Haven't noticed her eating poop however she isn't quick to eat her food when I put this in it. So I'm going to try different ways to add it and see if that helps
These work fine, containing the smell well. But they are pricey. In the end, we'll buy them.
Great filter. But don't order from the U.S. if you're in a hurry. Takes about a month to ship from China.
Wood pieces are good, would suggest longer boards. Plastic piece should be more sturdy. It took my cat several days then she starting to lay on it.
I like the pink color, but it's not as bright as the red collar. It has two settings: solid and blinking. I haven't had to recharge it or change batteries yet. (I can't even remember what method is used to recharge.) We go on a 20-30 minute walk every night in the dark, and we've been using this collar for about 3 or 4 months. The collar is very long and can be cut to the right size needed. I cut it so that it is just long enough to where I can easily slip it on and off my pup's head when needed. I never use the actual fastener.
It is definitely bigger and not an organic feeling then holding it, but its east to control and the light works great. Mine did not come with bags but the holder was included.
My dog enjoys this food and can be a picky eater. I will be trying different flavors of the same Blue Basics Limited Ingredient line of dry food.
Great chew toy and not as easy to destruct, although my Parsons Jack Russell is pretty good at demolishing toys. He has chewed the edges off already and there are little bits of rubber laying all over, but it lasts longer than other toys. All in all some of his favorite toys
I received the wrong color the first time and had to reorder. But that happens.
This meets my needs for recycling and still lets me pick up and dispose of my dog's waste.
These are ok. I have to constantly stop and clean it out when using it. It works ok when you very first use it for about the first 10 seconds then after that, you have to stop every minute or so and clean it out and oil it so it cuts the hair. I purchased a Wahl clipper years ago and I remember that cutting my dog's hair like butter but after a few years it barely worked even after I put in a new blade so I purchased this. It's not great but it's ok.
Dog loves it. The sound is weird; sounds like there's an echo. I love that it comes with 2 covers.
The reflective material started falling off within a week. But they seem comfy.
For the value it works great. Although, I would recommend hosing it out occasionally.
Works great but came with a corner broken.
Works good. I have a small dog who does not let toe nail clippers anywhere near her. This allows me to somewhat trim her nails. For a less scared dog, this will work even easier. It has two speeds and is lightweight and easy to hold. Charged fast.
Very official looking. Slightly blurry but not enough to be problematic. Seems durable. I like that the fields of text are somewhat customizable to protect my privacy.
Our two kitties like this wet food. We also feed them Stella & Chewies chicken & a high quality kibble so they get well balanced meals.
My dog seems to like it
Came apart real easy. To small for growing African grey
Works a lot better than I expected it to, I expected to get entirely ripped off!
Helped calm down my senior dog. He likes the taste.
Very lightweight, quiet clippers. Our son's girlfriend is a pet groomer and said these will be great for trimming our dogs' paw pads. Bottle of oil was missing from our package, not sure if that was supposed to be included but it looks like it was. Otherwise pleased with purchase. Great for pets that are scared of louder clippers.
We've been using it for > than 2 yrs and have been very satisfied. I'm disappointed that the 10# bag is no longer available. The 25# bag is too large and will go stale before we can use it all
Tough toy. Dog loved it.
When the top surface gets worn you can flip it over to extend its use. Very much recommend. I have to buy two at a time or they will fight for the privilege of scratching/sitting/sleeping on it.
Great for comfort in that it's soft. Drawback is that fog cannot see trough sides. Hence the four out of five rating.
Easy to install and work with. Just have to take time to find the right level to hinder the barking.
This is a good dog food container. I use it for refrigerated dog food. A handle on top of the container would make it a lot easier to move the container in and out of the fridge.
The high-pitched noise as well as the vibration helps to distract my dog. Unfortunately, the collar does not work consistently. It is also too big for my dogs neck, so it is difficult to make it work all the time. We do like it better than other bark collars then we have had in the past.
Would have liked it to be just a little bit taller...she doesn't play with it much because it is so close to the ground, I think.
Wish there were more ventilation holes in this, but otherwise its a good product. Fits a standard size litter box, not a deluxe one. Wipes clean very easily. Sturdy. One cat was too fat for the hole, but that's not the products fault :)
Works well but the flavor didn't get my dogs as excited for teeth brushing as other flavors have.
I like the leash, but the foam handle ripped off after about 15 uses. I bought the leash 2 months ago, how do I contact the seller for a replacement?
Item works very well. I have not had to use the shock button on either dog yet but light, beep and vibrate all work.
Worked well but the XL was a little small for our large 100 lb. Lab.
I have a 70 pound GSD and he is way too big for this crate. The top of the crate bulges up when he stands and he cannot raise his head. This would probably be great for a smaller dog. The construction and materials look fine.
Works like a charm but especially in a small too the strong scent lingers for at least a week. It's a fresh scent but also a constant reminder that your dog peed/vomited in that room not too long ago.
Did'nt hold the puppy pad as well as i would have liked
Bigger than I expected but does the job. Even though my dog has mastered the bowl already, she is still eating at about 1/10 the pace she did before buying the bowl.
Smells SO good, and really cleans my dogs' paws after the dirtiest of walks. Only fall back is that these go VERY quickly.
This blanket is made of the usual Carhartt duck material that they use in their bibs and their sherpa material on the other side. The duck material is very durable and will last through years of abuse, while the sherpa material is very comfortable. I got it for my dogs to use around the house and on camping trips and they seem to like it so far. It seems a little pricey for the size and I would love to see it come in larger sizes, but I knew what I was getting when I ordered it, because the dimensions are clearly listed. I will say, the duck material bleaches out pretty quickly if left in the sun (as learned from leaving my Carhartt bibs in my Jeep for a few weeks), so be aware of that.
So it was “nice” for a week. I don't know if my cats just went wild or what but that baby is looking rough. We have like 3-5 scratchers at any given time. Lots of items for the cats to play with and this thing just got SHREDDED. It could be a little more dense cardboard. It was good for the price however. I used hot glue to hold some of it together and it may get another 4 weeks. My cats love it and it's cute.
The last 4 bags we have received have arrived ripped open in the box. If this continues I will buy locally
My dog tears things up so easily and even Kong cannot keep up with her. However, these last at least a week or two depending on her moods when she is playing.
Cute little carriers. Perfect for my smaller birds, for vet visits and traveling.
These are so cute! We bought them for our Frenchie puppy and they're perfect. I would give 5 stars for quality in use for a dog, but I downgraded the rating to four stars because they are definitely not breakaway and not safe for cats. We didn't purchase them for a cat though, so we're pleased!
Works great when our pups are small. Our bigger pups would get excited and jump on the side and could knock it over. It is decent for the price.
I bought this when it was first released for $22 (since then the price has increased) and it is a great cat hammock at that price. I installed it as a centerpiece for my DIY cat tree and my boys seem to love it. One critique is that I wish the brackets were wider and used 4 mounting points each so I could then mount them under the wooden steps like a shelf vs. above. The current brackets are too weak to mount below and will cause wobbling. Overall pretty satisfied
The tree is decent, except the only thing that is a pain is vacuuming up the fuzzies that come off after the cat scratches them off of the tree. And the top perch is a little too small, even for my 8 month old kitten. Other than that it's entertainment for him so I'm happy.
I havent rec'd the the product yet. Only purchased the cable portion. It will be nice to keep my lil dog in her seat in the car. Im also hoping to use the cable to tether her to the shopping cart seat for extra safety (her safety).
I've been using these for quite awhile. It really cuts down on cat box odors when used daily.
This pump works well for water changes, but if you're trying to clean the gravel, it'll really only work for a larger tank. So much water gets sucked up but it does not have the suction power to pick up much of the muck! I have a 10 gallon tank, and was able to remove three gallons of water from my tank in roughly 10 minutes, including the time it took to put the pump together. It's easy to use and good quality, easy to clean, but would be more ideal for a larger tank!
Only giving four stars because the handle to push the stroller is a bit low. I'm 5'4 and it's kinda low for me. It's nice and big though and both my 17lb babies (dogs) fit it in very comfortable.
My dog seems to like this one. It's grain free, and not as expensive as some other brands.
The cats love it. They are able to be satisfied with this and never seem to be hungry. They were always wanting more food with the other brands. We use this per our Vet's recommendation. We have an older cat with urinary tract problems so all cats must have the same diet.
The cover isn't water-resistant so the foam insert can end up soiled pretty easily. The foam also is pretty difficult to wash due to the size and it takes a fair amount of time to air dry, I've had to hand wash it a few times already and each time was frustrating... I suggest getting a waterproof cover if you get this for a puppy. Otherwise, put the foam inside a trash bag and tape the opening close to keep moisture from reaching the foam. So far it's helped decrease the amount I've had to wash the foam pad. And the cover still fits over the trash bag covered foam pad without issue. It's affordable, quality seems good on both the foam pad and the outer cover. The only issue seems to be that it's not water-resistant.
This product has worked the best after purchasing several more expensive products. I do find it time consuming to clean the hair from the glove but still satisfied. My dog sheds sooooo much, this glove has been helpful but he still sheds regardless of frequency of use.
Very good for my 2 cats, keeps the smell away
I like that the scoop is large, and that it scoops litter much quicker. Only complaint is the handle. It is not comfortable to hold. Might be better for a person with larger hands.
Love having the mat to catch food and water. My dog picks up the bowls and makes a mess so I'm only giving it 4 stars.
That's about all you can say it works.
I bought this for my Yorkie. Good fit. Very cute.
My cat slipped out of his old harness. So I bought this mostly for the reflective strips. Cribbage is an outdoor cat and lurks and hunts at night. I came home one night and my headlights lit him up like Chernobyl , so I like the visibility. But the harness is quite stiff
Easy to assemble. Fairly stable for a tall structure. Covering is a bit thin but works. Tail fell off mouse the first day. We added some dangly toys. Ramps are not needed as my cat leaps up and never uses ramps.
These shoes are sturdy and fit my dog well. They don't seem entirely waterproof though. My girl walked through some puddles on a rainy day and had damp feet when I took them off her. I will give them 4 stars because the two rows of velcro keep them on snug and the soles seem sturdy as well. They also leave little star imprints on the ground which is cute. I'm still happy with them and plan to continue using them.
I bought this for my 18 year old cat. He was roaming the halls at night, all night, howling for food. He just seemed to always be starving. I would feed him and 5 minutes later he would ask for more. I was feeding him wet food 5 times per day and he also had free reign over his kibble. I tried the drops on his food at the directed dose and within about 5 days he was much quieter and happier at night. He also eased up on his day time begging for food as well. Overall, he was a much more contented kitty. The only reason I did not give a 5 star rating is because after a few months he seemed to grow tolerant of the medication. He is starting to become very vocal at night again and seems to be getting ravenous again.
Use for keeping dog in yard
It works properly. The wrist strap not exactly big enough.
Cute coat My dog doesn't seem to like it however she appreciates it when I put it on her just to carry her to the car .. Other than that she just isn't a coat dog and I think she finds it weird 😂😂
Solid harness, but it runs big! My 45lb lab mix fits in a small. I like the versatility of the front and back clips, plus the handle for extra safety.
My lamp came, and I was very excited to use it. I unboxed it, and followed the directions for installation. I had trouble getting both side to turn no, but eventually figured it out. Operator error. Looks good now.
But they're all rescues, happy to not be earing garbage and road kill. I will say it has helped with weight control with 2 of 3 dogs, the third is a chow hound who can beat dropped food to the floor.
Great Buy wish they made it a little more sturdier in the frame frame
This is a very colorful decoration and looks nice in my tank.
Bought these for my 17 year old Jack Russell, he was having a hard time walking around on my wood floors, they help him, only down fall is they will fall off
They were a very food size.
My dog loves this food but very expensive
Dogs love it, durable, made in USA. The only drawback is paying $20 for a dog ball. That is a little crazy to me, but there are really no suitable alternatives.
I returned this because it was too small for my berry leggy dog. I thought it would be nice to be able to expand the case during layovers but she's still too tall and needs a larger case. When zipped closed the pet carrier feels sturdy. I don't know how durable the mesh is when expanded. Only complaint is that when closed the expandable mesh takes up some of the space inside. Best for smaller breeds.
It's good but honestly there are much cheaper and better. I used Eco Complete and organic soil. Tried these for the look mostly
Love the cat food! Unfortunately a good portion of cans were dented.
good leash. Both handles make it quite simple to control my puppy who's not leash trained nicely. The adjustable clips means I will shorten it to ensure that he stays right next to me without any distractions. I have gotten a great deal of use from it so much better.
I was crossing my fingers that the two collars I ordered would work. This is a four-Corgi household, and two of them bark a lot. One barks just to bark. So, when a neighbor (nicely and rightfully) complained, I did a lot of research and selected this brand. It took less than a day for Abe and Emmy to catch on once the collars were on them. Ah, "the sounds of silence"! It's a quality, sturdy product and being able to recharge it rather than buying batteries was a big plus for me. Two observations I'd like to share: (1) one reviewer remarked that the unit was too big for her small dog. Emmy is petite and 22 pounds, and the unit is a bit overwhelming on her neck, too. (2) The unit went off once when Abe shook his head, and once when another dog standing near him barked. Changing the sensitivity eliminated the unit going off when he shakes his head, but not when a nearby dog barks. All in all, this was money well spent!
Doubts on actually Stainless Steel used, effective either way.
This one is it folks. This is as good as it's ever gonna get. You can adjust this to your dogs face and it will be really difficult to get off if you do one added thing. Tie the left and right straps hanging down under the chin together with a secure tie of some sort to bring the ends under his chin together. This makes it more snug and makes is virtually impossible to get off if you have it securely strapped around the doggies head. Bubs is comfortable and can breathe and wears it for long walks. This has saved my life and I feel so much more confident and so much less anxiety having this muzzle on. All other muzzles failed.
A bit difficult to tear apart at the perforation, but worth the effort to use totally biodegradable bags.
Dogs like the product but I find the packaging makes it difficult to spoon out the product without making a mess. Putting it in a wide mouth jar would be easier to use.
So far it seems to be really great! As suggested by other reviewers, I'm going to try and add support to the middle to prevent sagging/ripping. As of right now my cats seem to love it, I was really surprised. They lay in it on their own accord, and they will even jump in when I call them over to it. Problem: mine is a bit hard to open and close. I looked at the videos online, and mine does not seem that easy to open up and close. I have to use a lot of force to unlock the latch.
Ok..don't like the dust
These pug ears were great, they took my mastiff a while to get threw. My only quark with them and it's a big one, is there is soooooo much red dye in them. By the time he was done with them my carpet was dyed radish brown. And I know the dye can't be that great for him if there's that much in them. One request....can you do these without the dye? I'm not concerned about what they look like and neither is he if they are quality products.
Note: Changed this review from 1 star to 4 stars after the seller reached out to me and issued a full refund (I did not even have to return the unused portion). This is good seller and you have nothing to lose by trying this product. If it works, then that's awesome. If not, you can get a refund. That being said, this product did not help our dog. We have a 14 year old female shepherd-hound mix who has developed separation anxiety. We were hoping these would help, but, although she enjoys eating them, she still barks constantly and gets very agitated when left alone.
Very beautiful wood and clean. No dents or scratches. Arrived with everything separated and bubble wrapped. Took two people to assemble and needed a power drill. Then found there was no netting for my bunny to stay clean. My dad bought some netting from ace hardware for about $10. Added to the bottom like a floor. She looks very happy and clean. The indoor hutch is her favorite to hide away from kids and other dogs. It gave her privacy. However she chewed up the entry to the hutch. Hopefully this home last long for her.
I have 5 and 7lb dogs and they do the job. Seem to be sturdy and durable.
My 15 month old puppy loves this food. Very expensive but worth it. Discovered the food I was feeding her had high levels of Glyphosate. Have had several rescue dogs die of cancerous tumors even though my yard has never had chemicals sprayed.
My new cat is finicky, but through this little sampler, I discovered his favorites (pate)
I am very happy with the Bark Collar from ibuddy. I have a 7-year-old yellow labrador retriever that is a great dog just one little issue, since I moved to a new home she continually has barked at everything around. I purchased the bark collar a few days ago and immediately put it on to see if we could have some peace around the house again. After the first bark, she learned quickly that this may not be the best thing to do again and I only had it on the first setting.
They fit the keys well and are bright. Material isn't the most durable so we will see how long they last.
have used it for years; it does prevent a puppy from going after everything.
4 stars because putting it together was a bit tricky, but once assembled seems very sturdy and my dog likes sitting on it. My dog is a 50lb mutt, around 2" tall at the shoulder, could've ordered a size down but she likes to stretch out so the large size works for her
Seems fine but as others have said Shrimp will not use this, but they do! You can attach moss and have a mound. Update: Shrimp are using this, however turned from the dark color to rust color within a few days. Very concerning as to what is leeching into my water.
I really like the concept of an automatic feeder and it's extremely useful to have this dispense food at regular intervals throughout the day. That being said, this implementation just seems a bit... lacking. It's the absolute opposite of intuitive, and even though I consider myself quite tech-savvy, I still have to look at the manual to figure out how to do the most basic things. Most actions require holding down two small buttons at one time and pressing repeatedly, over and over, to get the value where you want. It's as if the creators did absolutely zero user testing or didn't focus at all on the actual experience of using this device, since most interactions are far more complex than they need to be. One other fairly major issue I have with the device is that if it's unplugged, all my settings seem to reset (which, as you can guess from what I said before, is quite annoying since resetting everything to the correct settings takes forever and is an absolute pain). This happens regularly since my cats move around the area and occasionally unplug the device, or if I lose power I have to redo everything. In the short period of time I've had the device, I've had to completely redo all the settings 3 times. Other than all that, the device works as expected and dispenses food if your settings are correct, which is why I'm still giving it the stars that I am: My cats do eat from it and it's made my life a lot easier. I just really wish there were some UI/UX improvements and the device was made more simple.
It takes some practice to get it to work properly, but when you get it down it does a pretty good job. It's much more convenient than the tape rollers that you have to continually replace.
The medium fits my 85lb Akita fine, but the large has the same size harness, just longer straps and it is really too small for a 115 lbs Akita. Still, he wears it and seems to be comfortable.
Wish the bottom was sturdier, worry it won't hold up to time or cleaning but otherwise, great quality and so soft.
Easy to install. Wanted a safe product to warm chickens in colder temps...This is a set it and forget it safe product to use. Definitely need to be right next to it to feel warmth. ...so don't get if you're thinking this will warm a large area.
We love this collar, but after less than a year, the fabric loop that holds the tags broke. We lost our tags. We will be contacting the company.
My dog is watching her figure. She likes these and I am hoping it will keep her happy along with not adding the pounds on.
Great for our pup who played in her water cup.
Our pug loves these, they just don't last long once he gets them, haha. They are all cute and all the squeakers work. The hamburger will last the longest because it's rubber. They are small and he plays easily with them. Will buy again in the future because he likes them so much. Would definitely recommend for your fur baby.
I have probably tried four different versions of these over the past 18 years. The flow just never appealed to my cats. This one worked! Within the day both my 18 and 16 year olds were using it. They seem to like the bubble mode more than the flower. Not five stars because the cord is pretty short and I wish there was one other flow type.
Amendment *** after contacting the company, they have graciously shipped replacement parts for me! I've had this thing for a month and one of the round platforms has fallen off. Cheap fake wood material. It falls over when my KITTENS jump on it!
Worked decently. I have 2 turtles the size of half dollars and it keeps water clear for them for about 3 weeks. I bought a more powerful one but should work fine for fish.
The dog still hates it but it works for clipping his nails!
Great gate, we have an offset wall and it formed nicely, does need to be screwed into the wall and is not pressure mounted but we love it. Has a great cat door you can also lock, or for your small dog. The only downside is our daughter could crawl through the little door for a small time.
Love the collar. Color is beautiful. It does slip and has to be adjusted but I wouldn't consider that a no deal. True to size and sturdy buckle.
BEWARE YOU WILL NOT GET A 12 OUNCE BOTTLE!!! First, this is a great product. I use it for my 60lb lab during thunderstorms and fireworks. She is very anxious and will sit there and shake. I give her 3 treats (which she loves) and she will stop shaking and relax. What I DON'T LIKE is that this is NOT a 12 ounce bottle. The first time I ordered I recieved a bottle that was 6.5 ounces. I reordered off my previous order and was sent a smaller bottle that is 4 ounces. Both for the price stated for 12 ounces. BEWARE THAT YOU DO NOT GET AS MUCH AS THEY ADVERTISE.
The mat is well made but our bunny doesn't leave it in original condition for very long. She tosses it all over.
My kitty has food allergies so normal kidney diet food could not be used. The powder worked to bring her values back to normal but gave her diarrhea. Evidently, she was allergic to the supplement also.
We rotate both Crave flavors with three other soft, highly digestible soft foods. This keeps our cats eating, not rejecting the "same old thing". My wife has trouble pulling the foil covers off even using the handy tab.
Use on my Maine Coon cat. It definitely gets the mats out and deshed the undercoat. Takes a little bit to get the hang of using it. Shorter strokes works better.
This is a nice product ans simple to use, but the opening is small so it is difficult for my cat to drink from this bowl. The opening in not deep enough.
I really liked this vest for my dog! It fits well, light weight and breathable. I got a medium size and it was a little tight but it fit well. I would recommend that if you purchase, go 1 size bigger.
I was a little disappointed that it was smaller than I expected but the price was right for what I needed - an engraved dog tag. And it came in a reasonable time, so I'm happy with the purchase.
Good quality but not for male dogs due to rear strap. Straps that go around rear legs will be much better.
I would give it a five but mine came and the top to the bottom container was split across the top.
Very nice. Collapsible. Very nice design. I love the vivid colors. And there's plenty of Room for my cats and kittens inside.
easy assembly, looks good, hopefully my kitty likes it
XS was a little too small. Have XS collar and fits good so recommend going a size bigger because my puppy cannot put all his legs in this costume due to the size
fits good and just as descibed
VERY bright, almost too bright.
I am not a groomer but need to clean up areas in my little dogs. These scissors worked well for my purpose.
Really do a decent rinse on the charcoal. I thought i did, still turned water very dark.
These dog toys are very durable and are a great value. My Corgi loves them. They are easy to clean when he brings them in from playing outside, we just run them through the dishwasher.
Has works so far for my 75 pound dog. He tends to pull and it still works
It was bigger than I expected. However good quality.
I am really liking this product. We live in a dry climate and it gets cold so I was looking for some paw protection to help with cold day walks, and this has done more then just protect, it has helped our dog's dry paws as well. The only down fall is it takes a bit to "soak" in and hes still quite young, and staying still is hard so I have paw prints, all over the floor until it works in. Not the end of the world, but it is oily so if your picky about your carpet/finished floors try and work it in really well.
My 5lb picky Yorkie will eat it, so what more can I say.
My two pups love these, but they eat them within 5 minutes. For that reason it doesn't really help with teething.
Love the food!!! HOWEVER the shipping is not so great...second shipment that had a blade slash (not on a seam) that had food spilling into the box it was shipped in. I knew this time to open it outside just in case and sure enough out poured food onto my sidewalk and i later had a possum outside in my trash and near my porch eating it. I also have had an issue 3 times with FedEx claiming they attempted to deliver it while i was home and this time they didnt even leave a door tag but i got an email stating it was undeliverable due to noone being home (yeah OK) SO i had to wait til the next day to recieve it after attempting to complain to the local Fedex office that keeps packages undelivered and has no phone # directly . Sorry to the manufacturer and seller me and my dogs love this food (seafood and chicken) and it lasts my 4 medium size dogs almost a month but the shipper and Fedex have GOT to get it together.
Haven't had to use it yet, and hope I never will. I will have it handy just in case
I like that this allows you to dispense much more precise amounts of food (I was feeding a Beta in a 2 gallon tank). It seemed to work perfectly well; my only complaint was that a good deal of the food stuck to the walls of the food chambers because of what appeared to be static cling. I'm not sure that's a fault of the product, but I did choose this because I wanted to dispense small amounts of food and this affected the reliability somewhat. I was using very small pellets to feed a Beta, so flakes or larger pellets may not be affected in the same way. Overall, very pleased with the product.
Works good and moisturizes my doge skin very well
My dog loves these, but she's a bit constipated I've noticed, not sure if from this or not but I've been giving this to her for a week and thats when constipation started. Ugh i hope its good
they work, chicken lay where they are
The plastic tip is slightly too long. I had to cut some off the end. It does come with extra tips, thank goodness.
We have one cat who loves it. I had to thow a couple towels in there before they would stay inside. I'm not sure if it was the extra cushion or making it smell like us, but it worked. It could definitely use a little more cushion inside. One of our 2 cats spends a lot of time inside just looking out, surveying the living room. They won't use the top pillow though. At least not that we have seen. And it is strong enough to support our big boy who is 14lbs no problem.
Using to clean my dogs ear, tried other products and this one works great.
Bigger than I expected. I have carried 3 different rabbits in it, probably 5 different times and the Velcro is already losing it's firm hold. Despite the lack of firm grip of Velcro it's worked quite well!
Color is off from picture other than that great
Works great for calming
fast service have not let dog try yet
I've only had these for a couple days, but they've been good so far and the price was right. The lights are bright and the colors vibrant. I clip one to me and one to my black lab when walking at dusk/night. Unfortunately, the yellow one arrived and doesn't work.
Very comfy and sturdy.
Dogs love them. Good price.
So far so good the first one I got just stopped working the second time I turned it on, Amazon took it back refunded my money and send me a new one.
Easy and safe way to transport my elderly pup. Some of the threading came undone on the underside of the bottom after just one use. I kept the packaging that it came it to store it when not in use but it would be really nice if it came with some kind of sack or pouch or something more permanent to store it.
So far, my cats really enjoy this laser toy. We usually run it in the dark as we go upstairs to bed, that way the cats can get some energy out for the night. We've had other laser toys in the past and they always broke after a while. We like this one because it's mounted up high with no chance of our cat accidentally knocking it over. I like that it has a suction cup to attach to things like glass or a mirror. It runs for several minutes and has a large area of play. The only thing I wish it had was a remote start or a timed start. So you could have it run on its own without you pressing a button to get it going. But other than that it's been great.
The "jacket" was good for winter-time walks....sadly, our dog really didn't like it much and preferred to just take walks in "her fur" rather than with the jacket so we didn't use it much. No problem with the jacket...just the dog's preference.
It is what it is. A decent water dish. I purchased it for my baby sulcata tortoises. It looks like they'll be able to drink from the lower parts of the dish. The bottle isn't big. Maybe 8oz. When you fill it, and turn it upside down, half the bottle is empty. The bottle doesn't screw in... It just sits in the opening, so I think I can use a 20oz bottle of I need to. Overall better than my flat dishes I was using before.
Kitty get a lot of use out of this; she even likes to sit on it!
I have a 5 Gal community tank, I bought this to extend my current filter tub to the bottom of my tank. One feature I like is this filter can help filter out plant leave and roots that often caught in the motor.
They work. At first dogs dislike them, but ignore them soon after. No hiking is worth it.
These work great for one of my dogs. My other dog however is a Houdini and some how figured out how to unhook it from the car. After the park it works fantastic but before it's about 50/50 with whether or not she'll unhook it.
Really good quality. And it really works.
I have used this on my cat because the nubs are softer and do not hurt his skin and fur as much. It can remove fur easily and also can easily be pushed out for easy disposable. The tool works most of the time and has a nice grip to it.
I really like that you can turn the head of the brush. It makes it so much easier to brush my babies. My kids have 2 different kinds of hair, one has straight and one has curley q's.
Perfect size for my long hair chihuahua. At first she seemed to not like it, but after introducing it slowing and mixing with her other food, and gradually decreased the old and more of the new, she's now on all Royal Canin. She likes it now, and I'm happy with it.
Gorgeous on my black cat. I'm only going to put it on her for special occasions though...because the "velvet/suede" is already starting to tear and she's only worn it twice.
Surprisingly perfect size for two six month rabbits. But the top part does NOT fit with the bottom litter pan - there is a loose gap in between which is okay for rabbit litter which is paper-ish, but I can see why it's not good for cat litter sand
Pretty nice. Dogs like it but it could have more filling in it. It could be softer and more padded. It's pretty warm though.
I love how comfortable the handle is and the ring to hang the included bag holder, which is why I chose this leash. Another plus is we can be seen at night. I hate the smell!!! It will pass. Leash looks great. I gave 4 stars because of the smell.
My dog loves the chew bone. She prefers the corn starch refills, but unable to find them anywhere.
I ordered a medium for my adult lionhead... wayyyy too small. Could never even dream of trying to get her in this, I recommend getting a large size or better harness.
Pretty nice. A little big though
I recommend this product .
My dog became a different dog immediately. She calmed down right away. She's a blue heeler puppy about 4mos old and a medium fit her.
Lightly scented and leaves a nice shine to my dog
Great item but i have a 10 pound dog and it was too small for him. Feels sturdy though!
Super nice fabric but the straps that go around the head rests were too close together for my Chevy Equinox. I managed to stretch it but they barely made it!
It's exactly what I want, very nice and perfect packaging
Harness was great the leash I was sceptical on but it seems to have passed a few tests with my 80 lb. Dog.
My Puffer fish seem to like it and I usually feed them the frozen blood worms, so they are pretty picky eaters. Great to alternate different feedings, sometimes I give them this and then other times I give them the frozen.
If they were only a little smaller
i liked the bell it is loud enough and clear i put on the door knob and am trying to train dogs to ring when they need to go potty. not there yet but need to keep at it.
it is great but if they had a smaller size it would be even better for the future
One not quite balanced and has trouble sitting. Otherwise, these are wonderfully unique pieces.
I have this on three of my dogs and two are completely flea free. My larger dog has a few but drastically fewer. I put them on a month ago. Smell is not obnoxious
It's the best one Iv used so far on my dogs and Iv bought a few
My kitties loved the toys in the box. None of the four cats would eat the treats inside the box which was unfortunate, but they were still excited about the treats. I would say I was least excited about the paper shreds in the box, because two of my cats LOVE to eat shredded paper and I had to take their toys out and get rid of the box... which was part of the fun for them. Maybe consider taking out the paper shreds???
It shrink when you laundry this dress. I should wash by hand. Sad!
I liked the size of the dog tag. The only thing negative is that the glow in the dark covering comes off sometimes.
So far so good. Use the bag in my aquarium filter. Works as advertised. Would have given 5 stars but one of the bags closure was not closing properly.
Not a big deodorizer but it makes me feel like my pet surfaces are safe as well as clean. It says ready to use but DOES NOT COME WITH SPRAYER
Our dog loves these balls. We have large and extra large. He is a strong chewer. Sometimes they last just a couple of weeks and other times months. We always keep an extra around.
I like that this product almost controls litter odor. I have tried so many litter odor removers and none seemed to work. The slight smell of combination of litter box and litter odor deodorizer is the only unpleasant smell that I dislike.
We bought this for our new pup to stay in during the day while we are at work. We secured it to a piece of plywood to make it sturdier (then covered the plywood with linoleum in case of accidents) and it has worked really well. The only thing I dislike is the door is very narrow, making it difficult to help my puppy in and out. I need to be able to get in there to clean as well and it's just awkward to get in.
My hamster loves it, but there were a couple of pieces that came broken that I had to glue back together
THEY LIKE ME. AND THE PACKAGE ARRIVED IN GOOD CONDITIONS AND THAT ALSO IN IMPORTANT
This works just like the video shows. It really traps a lot of cat litter which is fabulous because nobody likes to step on that stuff. It came in a large flat cardboard case which kept it flat so that it is ready to lay flat immediately.I wish it was just a little longer as it fits in a hallway on top of carpet and I would like to have a little more room for kitty to clean paws before lift-off. It really is the best thing I have come across yet for cat mess. Haven't had it long enough to know how it cleans up.
It worked, turned him a shade of yellow/green and smelled like hell for a while but better than the alternatives.
price was right...couple dollars as add-on. it does what it does. they are all very similar. had the large python about 20 years ago with a 75g tank and very much liked it.
The box works great. But I wish the grate that filtered the sand was smaller to catch the smaller pieces, those slip through and don't get cleaned out unless I take a scoop to the litter. And the usable area is very small. I have two little kittens and even though I got the biggest box, it is still on the smaller side. But they still use it.
You have to build the cabinet on your own. It's not too hard but I suggest you separate all the screws before assembling since they are not labeled and some screws looks very similar. Cabinet is great and better with the litter catcher sold separately.
Recommended by vet but expensive
Fergus is pretty discriminating about his treats, if he's happy I'm happy.
They ate it but did not seem to really care for it.
Still working to reduce weight. Dog loves it.
I really love the style of the bed and the softness of the cover. My only concern is the foam bedding is going to be a little tough to clean especially since my dog this is her "place" she brings her treats too. Other than that she and the cats LOVE the bed.
Not sure that I bought the right size she need for the bowls to be higher looking for replace ment
I love this product, it's great quality and i love that it has removable patches as well as the extra set. My only issue is that the sizing is off, the vest i got is wayyyyy too big in the strap area. I'm not sure how to contact the vendor to see about changing that
The cat is happy so I am happy! He looks at me and seems to say you couldn't have thought of it sooner? He is right but nobody is perfect.
Great value for quality dog food.
Fits a little longer than others I have purchased but so cute.
This is a very sturdy leash. We thought it would be a little softer though. It's quite heavy also
Excellent product - feels great and very therapeutic. My massage therapist recommended this for reflexology.
Great product! Strong detergent cleaning action. Read directions and follow. Be sure to wear gloves!
Very sturdy, but it's huge! We have a large dog but the claw area of this is gigantic. Maybe I should have read the measurements.
Update: the company contacted me and offered me a full refund based on my review. Now that's good business! Thank you! It's loud, it's a pain to clean, the filter does absolutely nothing to keep the water clean. Also, unless your cat likes to drink where the water spouts out, they won't use it because the dish is not large enough for a cat's head to comfortably fit without bumping into the piece that covers the pump. I personally don't mind the sound, I like the sound of water trickling, but it's very noticeable compared to other fountains we've had. Sadly instead of replacing my other fountain we now use both because one cat will drink out of the spout but the other will not so he uses our fountain that has a nice large pool to drink from. So now I'm doing twice the cleaning and assembling. The pump is great, very strong flow of water, but because of that many cats may avoid it. Also the heavy flow causes rapid evaporation. My senior cat does love drinking out of it!
I mix this stuff into the more brightly colored options offered by the same company. Haven't noticed any problems and my conure seems to enjoy it.
Thanks, it would be nice if the vest secured sounder, and had heavier duty handles. Otherwise it is a good product
Super cute, but the small did not fit the neck of my x-small dog
It was too top heavy but I distracted her enough to take a picture lol. Love the fact it comes with numbers so you don't have to keep buying another crown for the year of the birthday.
Very happy with it for my dogs I use when I'm gone for short periods of time (I have 2 collies) I would give it a 5! But- I feel that if you have a thick, heavier dog- it might not hold up. Extra support might be needed.
Does what it says on the tin, and arrived exactly as described, but it's so much bigger than I was expecting. I bought this for my nano aquarium in my office and it looks almost ridiculous sitting next to it.
This pack is meant for smaller animals, our dog loved the black ball that had a noise maker and the treat would drop out of one end if he rolled it the right way. He also likes the blue rubber treat ball and I believe it helps keep his teeth somewhat clean. His favorite though and our least favorite is the squeaky blue ball. I swear he gets that and squeaks it knowing it is annoying and he will get a reaction from us... All in all good pack of toys (for smaller animals, not a 90 lb Boxer) Wish they made this pack in a larger dog size.
Have no idea if these help the dog. I just know the dog eats all the flavors with no problems.
It serves its purpose just fine but has very cheap build quality for the price.
My sister in law puppies love hitting around these balls.
As a boot tray it'd be five stars. It's made of strong plastic, and I love the color. Unfortunately, I bought it as a pet food tray, and the grooves that work so well in a boot tray can be annoying for a pet feeding station. Cat food gets spilled (surprisingly, my cats eat like animals!), then dries and gets stuck. The grooves make it harder to scrub that food off - and dried up canned cat food can stick like cement. Luckily, I have a huge farmhouse sink, so I can soak the entire tray.
Unfortunately this arrived broken. However, I was rewarded a full refund and my snake still likes to use it. I just had to sand down the sharp edges where it broke, but this is as described and is a quality product otherwise.
I got this because my dogs were having terrible skin issues. In the long run it Did help. Problem was the first few days they refused to eat. I mixed it with canned food, people food, everything. After about a week they started eating it with no problem. Especially if I warmed it up just a little. After a couple weeks their skin was So Much Better!!!
I originally bought the small one for my then five month old mixed breed puppy based upon the measuring guide. Even on the largest settings, it was a bit small so I ordered a size up. The new one is a bit large even on the smallest settings. When I tighten it sufficiently to prevent it from slipping off, it doesn't sit straight up and down as it is supposed to. Other than the sizing issue, I do find that the harness has definitely cut down on pulling and even when she isn't wearing it, she tends to walk better.
Had an aggressive male kitten, now 12 pounds, needed to calm him down. Only giving him 10 to 12 drops per day, he is getting better. calming down.
Definitely lightweight and made well. If it was larger it would be 5 star but it is very small and it comes with a roll of doggy bags but not quite sure how I am going to replace that roll (about 2in tall end to end standing up). However does come with a belt hook and is very portable and serves its purpose.
Good stuff, my fish was very good
Cute, quiet, and durable but ink will wear off. Easy to use. I recommend these but make sure you rewrite in ink again after 4-5 weeks. I
Was a little small on my mini cockapoo. Will size up next time! Material itself was super soft and he didn't mind at all.
My cat would not drink from it when running .
These are a life saver! I have two. One for each dog. Previously, we would let our dogs out in the backyard, only to have to call them back in 2 seconds later when they started barking non stop at squirrels. Now, only one bark and they stop themselves! My only complaint is that if the sensitivity is up too high, it can go off when the dog shakes its head. They look nice and don't have to be charged very often, so that's a plus.
These are pretty good. My mother have a Yorki/pom and he is pretty old so he has very thin, fine textured hair. I think if you have a pet with thick fur you will have a problem getting the clippers through it's hair. I haven't tried the shears yet so I couldn't give a review on that. They keep a good charge and aren't loud.
The collar functions well for what it's designed to do. It's made a huge difference in our ability to train our Doberman. She was a hard dog to train and had a couple habits we were struggling to break. Since using the collar she's overcome her final obstacles and respects all commands when the collar is on. We've had to replace it once and is a little weak on holding a charge.
PRODUCT WORKS LIKE IT SAYS DOES GET MY DOGS ATTENTION IMMEDIATLY.
I like it, but M is too small for my dog. I usually get medium size for him, but this one is very tight, so I am returning it and getting large size one. It is cute and funny!
The product is great. I paid an extra $5.99 for one day shipping and my package arrived in two days. I would appreciate the refund of $5.99.
These treats are great, my cat loves them. Only had one bad experience where I had to return the product... it came crushed. But that was only once.
Works great for dispensing medicine for our cat. The rubber tip to the plunger sticks, but a little cooking oil or spray applied to the rubber tip solves the problem.
Dog seems to love them but they don't do much for his bad breath.
The cats play with it quite often. Keeps there interest which is nice. They are indoor cats and need that extra exercise. Like it
I wrote a negative review on my dog collar this week, that review was incorrect it didn't work because operator error. Collar is fine works great
Absolutely love this! Super easy to attach, and you're still able to unscrew the pole in case you don't want to use it. I run my 70 lb boxer/mastiff mix using this and it does a decent job absorbing any pulling she does UNLESS we are stopped and she sees something she wants. With some extra training I don't think it'll be a problem.
Great stuff for keeping our fishies healthy and happy!
Great customer service!
Wheel is sturdy and quiet. Works great. The only downside is the base doesn't leave room for bedding material to not scrape. I wish there were a little more clearance there.
I bought these because my dogs used to cover their water bowl with their blankets in the cage which made it super smelly very quickly. I love that I can have their dishes so they have a little bit more room to move around in the cage plus they won't get their blankets wet. They are really really tiny though so you have to constantly refill them so keep that in mind. I bought the 8 oz I believe.
Fast delivery, my puppy loved it, she wasnt afraid of it or anything
I would like to say that they work well but I am not totally sure. In an attempt to put them on my husband was holding our sweet baby angel. I tried to get the glue to come out but was having some issues. My husband, being the amazing helper that he is, decided to cut the top off the glue. This really would have helped the process if I knew he did this and also had better lighting in the room we were in. I managed to glue the nail tip to my thumb and also glued two of my fingers together. I have to say that the nail tip stuck to my thumb very well. Maybe one day we will get them on the cat.
i purchased this product because of the good reviews and i thought i read when scooping the stuff won't stick to the scooper, but my husband tried to use it said the stuff still sticks as much as any scooper. I still use it to spread out her litter anyway.
its a good size. covers all around the litter box. there has been a difference in the amount of litter that comes out on the floor.
I only use one time for my dog, it really work well, I can see the reduce the ear affection, but it has the small my dog doesn't like. If it can be no sense that would be better.
This bed is very nice, easier to clean than any dog bed I've purchased. To spot clean it is amazing, to wash the cover, is very easy to disassemble. The cushion is not as thick as my dogs need so I just put it on top of another larger flat memory foam pad. Not my dogs favorite bed though.
Not quiet as effective as Capstar!
Easy to put together. Ordered the brown steps but received the cream. Disappointed but not worth the trouble of returning and waiting longer for replacement.
One of our dogs is a compulsive licking machine, an can remove this wrap no matter how you put it on, though I'm always careful not to wrap it too tight! Thankfully, she doesn't then try to eat it like our other dog! Would buy again, and would recommend.
NOT SURE ABOUT THIS 1. WE'LL SEE
I know some "treats" still aren't some dogs favorite, but mine will eat these. His coat is a lot softer and I think his dry skin is improving, but will know better when I see the groomer next week.
These serve the purpose and the white light is nice and bright. UV light seemed okay when used in tunnel.
Our yorkie loves the taste but it's too early to know if it is helpful when it comes to cleaning the moderate tarter already on his teeth. He does now let me brush his teeth using the finger brush and this toothpaste. At least his teeth don't seem to be getting worse!
Second time purchasing this product, first time was amazing and still have it after years. This one is still great, just seems like the motor may be having a bit harder time. Only valued 4 starts because the feathers get torn very easy, maybe they could think of a different tip. Overall I love product, and will happily continue use to buy it for my kitty.
Nothing is perfect so no 5. Lost one and bought another. Great leash for a little freedom and a short hoop for control. My dog can chew through anything so didn't rate the chew factor.
This helped us for a while.. I think it's a good product, just not strong enough any longer for my guy. He's a 14yr old bullmastiff/dane mix and has dementia so with that comes panic attacks at night. As his condition has worsened the vet and I have decided to start using hemp/cbd oils to calm him which have worked miracles.
This was the most difficult thing I have ever assembled. I was relieved when my dogs loved the bed because there was NO WAY I was going to return it. So far, it appears very comfortable for the dogs, easy to clean, and has held up well (3 days so far). I would buy this again but would hesitate to suggest it to friends due to the difficult setup.
Good pet puffer coat for cold weather. Gets lot of comments when worn by our mini pinscher. Only complaint was had to re-sew a broken seam on product arrival.
Cats got bored of these but they did play with them for a bit.
cats love this got it for my bedroom i no longer have to get up in middle of night to let them out
It's good, I got a new one because my rabbit got fat and he ate through the last leash. I mean honestly same, we both got fat. Maybe I need a new harness too lmao.
Unfortunately our first vest ripped on the seam near one of the Velcro straps. I can't lie I wasn't pleased. But let me tell you! I emailed the company and they issued me a complete refund and expedited another vest to me immediately! What great customer service! The comfort of the vest is great on my XL dog and it seemed to have really helped her thunder anxiety! We look forward to getting our new one and using it in the future! Thank you Agon!
Good quality. Easy install. Only issue is bowl fit too tight making it difficult to remove from holder. I ended up bending holder out slightly so i can remove bowl easily.
We have had this cat tree for about 3 weeks now. We have 2 kittens that needed something else to scratch on. The set up was fairly simple. Maybe it was because we were in such a hurry to get it together and read the instructions to fast, but we ended up putting the platform on backwards originally and had to turn it around in order for the paw print to be at the front and the hideaway house to face forward. Other than that it was easy. The cats instantly were attracted to the new item in our house and had check it out. One of our kittens uses the scratch posts regularly, but the other still wants to use our rug. They enjoy the hideaway house the most and nap there daily. The only reason I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the top platform sit directly above the house. Our cats haven't figure out how to access it yet, but for younger kittens it would mean jumping from the house base all the way to the top or from the base to the first platform to the top. I am sure it is because our cats are still growing and eventually they will use it, but as of now it is too hard to access for them. I recommend this cat house as it seems it was built strongly and will last a while.
Best wheel I've found I have bought several of these over the years for my Syrian hamsters and it is the best wheel I've found. I love that it has a solid running surface so there is no chance of an accident like with the barred ones. And all of my hamsters have loved running on them. They are not silent (no wheel really is) and they do get louder over time when the axel starts to wear, but they're not that expensive, so I just buy another one when it gets too loud.
I really like this product. Well, my dog does. She is 16 and has Cushing's disease as well as the beginning of doggy dementia. The Cushing's had caused chronic UTIs. I got these cranberry bites for her, as well as the turmeric bites and the multi vitamin. To her they are treats. I have only been using these for a short time but they seem to make her happy. We have not had any UTI issues since. I also love that they are healthy for her. I'm big on all things natural and holistic. We are treating her Cushing's and dementia via holistics. I love the turmeric bites for her weak hind legs and the multivitamin addresses many of the other issues. I feel good about giving these to her. I will absolutely be buying these as well as the turmeric and multivitamin again. I may have become a bit obsessed though. I'm looking at all the other products and there are a few more I'd like to add. If I'm going to give my dogs treats, I may as well give them something super beneficial. Even my other tiny picky Chihuahua loves these. Now that I've found this company, I'll be a loyal customer. My dogs mean the world to me and I want the best for them. I'm really glad I decided to give this a try. You should too. Really helpful in keeping UTIs at Bay.
It didnt work for my dog, but it did for my daughters dog it calmed her down and stopped her barking
It's somewhat difficult to tighten the straps to make smaller. I ordered a large for my 50 pound australian shepherd and it a little big in the front. I haven't been able to keep it tight in the front but overall satisfied.
These really do catch gnats, flies etc. I have one in my bedroom by my desk and always has some pests stuck to it. There is no smell that I can tell. The only thing, have to be careful to not get it on one's fingers when pulling it out of the tube. I always do and have to wash my hands several times to get the sticky stuff off. Highly recommend.
I've been using this for 6 months on my chihuahua/ pitbull rescue who had terrible breath & tartar for her young age. I give her this after dinner (and take away her water dish, so she can't wash it all down) and it's made a huge difference in her breath. It has also helped cut down the brown tartar on the back side of her baby corn teeth, by about 50%.
Like that it was made from real rabbit fur. Rabbit fur cat toys have been hard to find locally.
We received a pretty badly damaged product, but the seller was very responsive and handled our issue almost immediately. It's a great cage for the price if you receive one that isn't damaged. I was pretty disappointed at first but after the way they handled the situation I would definitely do business with them in the future!
My dog may only be 40 lbs, but she's strong and not at all bothered by being choked by a normal collar. She was completely content to let me tug at her neck, even hold her off the ground by the collar. Which is not a great idea for her health. I consider myself pretty good at dog training, but I have been a complete failure at leash training. I read recently that the reason my other harnesses make pulling worse is that is just gives the dog more efficiency at pulling, and I needed to invest in a front clip harness. I picked one with high reviews, not really knowing the difference. Here's my review on this one: Pros: -lovely color -elastic stretching at key points seemed to lesson the effort it took to pull her back -it worked. She stopped pulling in the first 7 minutes -able to fit a barrel chested but slim dog -once I strung the leash through the handle on the back, it stopped twisting on her front. Cons: -the elastic stretching does allow it to ride forward sometimes, but during our walk it didn't seem to bother her. -my dog acted like I beat her (like she does when being put into all harnesses) until I got the leash out. -it took some time to find the right fit, for her, the key was letting out around the neck, so the back part could be cinched tighter where she is thinner. This also meant that it twisted a little as she pulled, until I realized I could feed the leash through the back handle and it wouldn't pull the harness as crooked. This is definitely how I'll harness her from now on. -the security locks (red buttons) on the plastic clips are something I can't find the purpose of. They make it so you can unclasp the harness, but they don't serve a useful function for me.
Shrimp are thriving.
I bought this seat cover three months ago. It is used regularly and has been washed twice, and has held up very well. It is easy to instal. I was able to throw it in the washer and dryer. The tether leashes that come with it and the storage pocket are "value added" features. My only complaint is, I wish that all the straps were adjustable.
I took the flap off because my older cat couldn't figure it out. Now, she can get in/out fine.
It's pretty good but we don't really love it. Some will like it some will not in my opinion.
The only reason I am not giving this product 5 stars is because I chose the green tag and it's a pretty light green, which means it's harder to read the information on the tag which is in white print. Just wish it was a darker, brighter green so the writing would stand out more. The glow in the dark protective casing is great and it also keeps my dogs collar much quieter! The true test will be how long it lasts but so far I am really happy and will order again. (just in a different color)
They are happy with it.
Kitties like it . Healthy choice!
Don't know which way to begin cutting the nail,or which side.What is the movable part by the blade do?Its very confusing to me and the package doesn't tell u
Have not used yet, but using wipes of same brand. Suppose this is as good. Wipes are great.
They looked very comfortable and the cats reacted well to them, but they ran small. I am definitely returning for a size up because my boys are not done growing yet.
It's only been a week but my 13yr old dog seems to be responding well to her new supplement. Check back in another month to see the progress I give her 3 tablets a day
Very easy to tie on to smaller trees to keep up off the ground. Exactly as described. After moving out on acreage with many deer and other wild life, I originally purchased a different brand of salt lick. After reading the description for these, I decided to try them. One of the blocks had a fairly large sliver that had broken off in the package, so I put that in a hollowed out portion of a fallen tree, which should be fine.
dog enjoys this food.
I'd ideally give 3.5 stars. I have two cats. One simply loves this toothpaste and hops right up on the counter every day to have his teeth brushed. The other wants absolutely nothing to do with it, refuses to taste it at all. But that's kinda them with every food item, totally different palates.
These chews are long lasting, and my dog loves them. However, I have yet to find any bully stick that are odor free. Some are more pungent that others, but all have some odor. Just be aware to reduce odor on upholstered furniture, carpet, etc.
good weight of plastic but could be just a little smaller...when I put them on they are so big a lot of air makes them bubble up until at least 2 sweeps of cat do is in them.
Pleasant scent, easy to clean, and my cat has no complaints.
Please alternate your cats toys, they become bored of anything/ everything quickly.
I received my order today, and I am cautiously optimistic. My dog was hesitant to take the first chew, but after playing with it for a couple of minutes, he gobbled up the second one lickety split. Because my dog weighs 54 lbs, I am giving him 2 chews per day . I wish the jars came in different sizes. This jar will only last me probably 3 weeks. It would be nice to have a bigger supply on hand. Anyone know about how long it should take before I start seeing results?
Magnets protrude quite a bit on the outside of the tank
In comparison to the other slow eating bowls I have, it has a great pattern, but it is just too small for my large dog. Works okay for the beagle who gets 1cup of food twice daily.
This is very cute, but it's slightly small. I have a 6 lb Chihuahua and it was super snug and almost didn't fit. I was also a bit disappointed by the tutu. It's not as fluffy as the picture. It is really cute though and for only a few dollars, totally worth it!
Our great Danes love this brand! we switched from Ol'Roy which was the only other food they would eat bc they changed their formula and the line we liked became hard to find. its a bit more expensive but worth the higher quality ingredients.
Very cute and nice quality, but smaller than you think. I needed safety pins so it would reach around most of the dogs necks.
The dog does well on this food. But whoever delivered it is an idiot. Left it many feet from the house by a fence where it was covered with snow instead of by the door where there is overhead protection. Will have to re-think ordering from you.
I got these for my Husky, she 43 lb. These fit her well. She doesn't seems to be bothered by it. She has light blue eyes so I get these for protection. While she doesn't seem to mind wearing them at fitting, going out is a little different. When she is out sniffing things on our walk, the doggles slipped off. And I thought tightened the straps might help... Well, it was too tight that it slowly pulled them up to her forehead. Still need to fine tune the length of the straps, but overall I'm very happy with the purchase.
So cute! My dog loves it. Only reason I gave it four stars is because he broke the squeaker in less than 5 minutes, but he can be a tough chewer.
Worked on our lab mix but did not work on neighbors The barking red setter Next door.
I use it for my dog and I have 3 boxes still. Working on the 1st one. Please stop shipments. I need to unsubscribe. Thank You
One of my cats decided to make it her life's mission to attack another of my cats. I didn't think this was doing anything but I noticed about 10 days later she has settled down considerably and the full on steel cage matches have been reduced to minor skirmishes.
The size chart is wrong. I bought medium for my Boston Terrier and its too tight.
Looks a little small for my hens.
My kitten loves this toy! He spends about 30 minutes on it, goes and does something else then comes back and spends another 30 minutes with this toy. He chews on it as well sometimes. I love it. The only reason I gave 4 stars is that it does slide across the floor when he gets a little too in the zone. There are small rubber circles attached to the bottom but they don't hold too well. Other than that, it's great for a kitten.
Easy to assemble, cats love it. We have 3 of these. Our 3, 10, and 13lb cats all readily took to scratching and climbing them. In one installation we added an L bracket for extra stability. The other two didn't require it. Just be sure not to cut off too much piping and wedge it very tightly to the ceiling.
This actually worked well, in that it got our four month old Australian Shepherd puppy to run to the back door and bang on it to go out during potty training. The only problem was, she adored the bell sound so much that she slammed them just to hear them ring lol. However, once we took the bells away, she had learned that banging on the back door gets it opened to go out. So, it did the job in the end, I guess.
It didn't stay twisted on tight light was dim without tight connection,
Have two mini dachshunds and they love the **it out of these treats.
Only complaint is that the bandana is significantly smaller than what's shown. Still great quality and very cute. I was worried they'd be too small since my boy is pretty stocky, but they fit perfect and look great on him. The bandana is the only thing keeping me from leaving 5 stars.
Do not get this unless your buckles can flop around and are not imbedded into the seat. That's the best I can describe it. Mine don't flop around so they can't be pulled towards the Velcro opening so my daughter can buckle. Will have to get a box cutter and make an opening. Other than that, love!
Great price. Replaced the ball with a heavier one.
Once the initial setup is completed, it's pretty easy to use, but you're going to need a glasses kit or something comparable to put it together. It's a great product for the price!
The “hard” side it pretty useless when it comes to brushing my cats (maybe it's meant more for long haired cats) but they LOVE the soft side. I use the soft side and another cat brush to brush my cats. It's nice to have a brush with a handle to put some distance between them and my hand in case they get annoyed and decide to bite. It's makes me brave enough to try and brush their stomachs 😂😂😂
Blows not as hard as I expected but it is what you pay for. It is a good product for a small animal.
I purchased this to replace the 40 year old version I had of it on my bathtub. I have an old claw foot tub with no shower so I have to use a faucet sprayer if I want to rinse like a shower would. You can't turn the water pressure up very high otherwise the suction cup pops off the faucet but once you find a good pressure that isn't too strong it gets the job done. My only complaint is that the tubing is kind of flimsy which causes it to kink/fold in on itself and makes it feel cheap.
It's the one my piggies love, however, I'm not too thrilled with the packing job.
Not bad for the price. They are powerful enough to crank out a strong stream of bubbles from two medium size bubblers simultaneously in a 50 gal tank. The dual ports work nicely. The noise is not bad for the price (wouldn't call it a whisper, but the hum is not terrible).
Packaging is great. I don't know if I expected to much of a response from my cats, but it didn't have the big bang I expected. But my cat goes to his scratching pad everyday and meows till I give him some. He is an older cat and it actually seems to relax him.
4/5 from a satisfied customer. I saw a similar product advertised on Facebook and searched for it on Amazon. This was the same product I saw and cheaper. It performs as its supposed to. Unfortunately the size of the glove is too big for my hand.
Mighty Paws always has a quality product. Well made with an easy to click seat belt attachment.
I accidentally bought the large size for my 36 pound dog, but it snugged up enough to fit, although not tightly. Sally Mae is elderly, and the 'handle' on the back is perfect for assisting her up/down stairs and into and out of the car. She's never pulled on a lead so can't comment on how that part would work. Isn't really 'breathable', though. It's worth the money.
easy to use, glue is strong. I glued my finger to my cat lol. we both are fine just funny. They seem to last a good bit. Only reason I don't put 5 stars is my cat was able to chew the tips off. I would buy again. very good price
Easy to get my dog to swallow kept the worms away
Our dog loves it! It has a clean fish odor, not at all unpleasant.
It does great most of the year. We live in Illinois so between September and December the fleas get pretty bad. We still have some problems with the fleas during these months. Overall its a good product.
It provides a nice gentle wash for my two pups and it also is good for watering potted plants!
This was an awesome crate unfortunately it was too big for my dog so I sent it back. It was so roomy I am definitely getting a smaller one for her.
My dog loves these toys. He is a 6 month old maltipoo puppy & carries them around the house. I took off one star because my neighbor's dog who is about 20 pounds is able to break the squeakers within minutes.
I ordered this tag and would accept a replacement if the seller would send me the return shipping label I need. I do not have away to print out the label, have ask for one through postal service and hear no reply.
Great for travel or potty training, however if there is an accident that didn't make it on the puppy pad, its hard to clean
This thing is great! BUT I was really sure I ordered the largest size and received a smaller one... it's still a very large size that holds my dogs XL water bowl with room to spare (great for dogs that splash water around.....). Protects the hard wood just like it was intended to and looks nice at the same time! I do wish I had received the very large one though.. I wanted it to also hold my large dog food holder so that it wasn't sitting on the wood floor either. I do recommend this product, but just really make sure you are looking at sizes and measurements and double checking. I wanted the one in the picture that holds that cat liter box and I definitely didn't get that size hahah
We recently had our 10 month old Labrador Retriever neutered and came home from the vet with a standard clear plastic cone. It didn't even last a week before it started to crack and fall apart. Not to mention that it really hurt when the cone hit your legs as the dog tried to pass you in a room. We ultimately purchased this style cone and it worked very well with just one flaw. The cover on this style is excellent as it prevents the dog from puncturing the blow up donut inside. There is a velcro type strap that crosses the opening and secures the donut securely. It makes it adjustable to fit a range of size in dogs necks. The problem was that the black strap was not strong enough. The pup probably did chew on it a bit when the donut rotated so the strap was under his chin. I did have to sew and reinforce the strap three different times. So, I wish that it had a stronger strap, but overall the design was excellent and kept the pup from reaching areas he wasn't supposed to scratch. It was very comfortable for the dog and he liked having that pillow to lay on all the time. :) I would highly recommend it.
Awesome for a rabbit or small kitten, wouldn't really suggest a full grown cat..wouldn't fit my cat lol
Good product for the price.
The leash is very well constructed and appears durable. I just got it, but I fell it is worth every penny thus far.
Well I ordered an extra small size but the funny thing is that my son's dog is still smaller than the size. It is a well made vest and signifies that she is a service dog.
Over the last few months, I have bought four of these feeding stations.. Two dogs. Two locations. These are great. Except! The tape used to secure the bowls during shipping is so WRONG. It will not come off, leaving a sticky film on the inside of the bowls. Otherwise, these are a great value and function just as advertized.
Is perfect, no dust,easy to keep the area clean.
Wish there was a place to tell them one bottle leaked all over and the 2nd bottle was starting to leak. I didn't want to return what was good just maybe a discounted price since bottles were leaking a lot of liquids
I got this gate to seperate our guest bedroom from our living room. We just got a new dog and I wanted to give my cat her own area! Our doors are about 27” wide so it was difficult finding a gate that had a cat door at that width. So far it's holding up well, it was relatively easy to put in but I do have some issues: The cat door is pretty tiny for our area since the width is so small. It works but only in a certain area of the door. The sizing isn't -perfect- it was actually a little loose, but not loose enough to go expand it more. I fixed this by tying it together with some ribbon! It's a bit taller than I expected so it'd be nice if it had a door for people to walk through but planning to just get a stool so it's a little easier to hop over! Overall I really am happy with it, we'll see how it holds up over the next few months though!
Covers a larger area than expected and works well. These were purchased to help 2 older dogs who are starting to have problems holding their bladders. Poor ladies, but they use these and any accidents aren't that bad in the whole big picture.
I bought this for my kitten and for her safety. We have used it and all seemed okay up until I noticed that the front pocket was already torn, it could have been sewed better around the zippers... Other than that a little added thread from myself made it work ...
It fit my cat's neck fine, but I couldn't use it because her litter box is in a cat house. The entrance isn't large enough for her to fit in with the cone.
They appeared dry but my bunny did chew them after they sat for a few days.
Dogs will love these
Nice large ball. My dog did end up getting it apart but it took a few weeks which is longer then normal.
The base's lip is starting to detach from the bowl, otherwise good.
Easy to put on my dog. Fits true to size. I almost bought a medium as my dog is a bit chubby, but it adjusts and perfectly fit.
I loved the design. Very colorful. Wish it would have had two rings. I like to have one for tags and the other for leash.
My 3 rescue cats seem to like it-only gave 4 stars because its very expensive to buy here on amazon. One of my cats was always throwing up the cheap generic dry cat food i used to buy so just for that point i will try to find other less expensive dry grain-free cat to buy for them.
so far seems to be working good, have used only the sound so far. Gave four stars only because I am not sure about battery, it needed charging faster then I thought. But I may have not charged it to full capacity the first time. Nice compact remote! Bob
I would have liked more padding on the bottom, This one is rectangular he also has an oval one as well.He will use tose during the day. However he still prefers my bed with a down comforter for bedtime. What can I say he's spoiled.
Great litter but the smell is horrible. Hopefully they can make it scent free in the future.
Great character. Houses our mini lop rabbit. Would only recommend for single small animal
The pills were just too large for the pockets. My pup could smell the medicine sticking out
No food or directions made it hard.
Like, chickens enjoy clean water. ..
Super cute and well sewn; however would have liked more quality squeakers inside. It's adorable watching my puppy play with them!
We used the product for our dog's poop. They could be a little thicker and a little larger as my husband walks our dog most often and his hands are larger.
My dogs love it. But, unfortunately I don't see any results in loosing any weight. I feed them exactly what the directions said from the bag.
Handy to use, better than the claw style scoopers. Unfortunately it was easily bent after about a month of owning it.
The quality on this seat cover is really nice. It fits my SUV perfectly. I like the zipper in the middle, especially living in Arizona. It allows me to unzip it and have the AC cooling the back seat for my giant fluff. The only problem is that this is definitely not made with a giant dog in mind. My guy moved around, when I was stopping at a light, and he caused the threads to pop along one of the side zippers, due to his weight. Luckily, the thread is all that tore so I can repair it and make it more heavy duty. It's only the thread that isn't heavy duty, not the zippers themselves.
It's a little on the small side, best for sofas. Worked for me against the bed because my bed is not on a frame at the moment.
These worked great with the food I have been using for my cat. I got these because the ones I had were for large cans and now that I only have one cat I am using the small cans. I like that if I decide to go back to a bigger can I can still use these. They are very flexible and I was used to the hard covers but there isn't a problem with them being flexible. There are two so I can clean one and use the second one. You can use these for any type of can product not just for pet food.
We purchased this shampoo because it was cruelty-free which is important to us and because we were looking for a shampoo with oatmeal which are vet said would help with licking herself. We wish it didn't contain so many ingredients and that they were recognizable which is why we give it 4 stars. Overall, great shampoo.
These bags are not as sturdy as some other brands but they are super easy to open when you are juggling a leash in one hand.
it is good product but my dog don't
Works and fits. As described.
This may be the best purchase I've ever made on Amazon. Not because it's the most useful, or anything like that. But, because, look at him! Oh. My. Gosh. It's the best thing in the world. Pros: -totally adorable -size chart accurate -tie and bow tie included Cons: -gold button on back of tux broke after less than 2 minutes of wear Still deciding on wether to send it back and reorder a new one or find new buttons at a craft store and sew them on. Just depends on what's more work I guess. I highly recommend this product. I'm assuming the button thing was a one off issue.
So far so good, have only put this on my dogs once this month and treated my lawn and haven't seen any fleas on my dogs.
I got these to augment the pawstruck Bully Stick stash. She loves both. These are a better size than other brands. They are still a little pricey; but low enough that they help spread out the cost of bully sticks. These do not last as long as bully sticks, but they are a nice chew and I prefer the one ingredient treats/chews for the pup. I just wish all of their items were a little more affordable.
I have 2 boxes .. one in the front yard and one in the back yard .. i have a Jack Russel ..they help control her barking .
Our cats did eat this food, but it didnt seem to have the same quality as the Blue Buffalo that we normally buy. We wanted to give this a chance since it was a newer grain free option. The price associates with the quality.
Works pretty good could be better. No chem burns.
Havent had a chance to take my dog out for a walk, but so far seems good. Fit good on my husky. Once we test it out I'll update my review .
My dogs love these. And I've never had a issue with moldy treats. My issue is they was about $5 and now they are $15... Price tripled this month. I have been getting these subscribe and save till now. Will have to find a more reasonable priced treat.
We purchased these to groom the puppies my dog just recently had and it's a miracle worker! It's so small and easy to use on pups. The noise it makes isn't too bad. (The pups don't seem to mind it) After these get dull I will definitely purchase another pair. These are iust awesome to have especially if you have schnauzers and like precise detailing on their face. Update***** I'm taking away one star because they kept getting caught when I would use it on my older schnauzers. They work pretty fine with the pups but the more hair and it looks uneven. I'd suggest just only purchasing for small pups or to shave the hair in the paws.
My cat was used to the walk right in kind and having to jump up to get in only took about a day. Somehow my cat still gets litter everywhere outside of it though. I wish it had a built in place to put the litter scoop.
How do i set this product to be on a steady flow. The manual isn't clear.
This fits in my back seat very well. Easy clip ons around the head rests keep it in place. The only problem I have is trying to get the seat belts through the velcro holes. The velcro holes are not near the seatbelts in my RAV
Good product! Less money than buying in the store!
I had no problem installing this cat door. It fit nicely in the window opening. With my windows it did not require any tools. The extendable sides worked great. The knobs to hold the sides in place are a nice touch. Much easier than a screw. I love the small windows on it so you dont lose all the view. The only problem i have is as many others have. The cat door it self is so light that the seal material around the door will not let it shut fully every time. I trimmed the material a bit on both sides of the door and added a small weight near the magnet and it works perfect now.
To keep the seeds in the cage
Really great product but not quite small enough for my 4 LB chihuahua. Got the 6 LB one great.
I just put them on but they were easy to manipulate and seem heavy duty
Was sent new version of product with different formula,not what was pictured here
Has a lot of brown spots, but it's definitely alive. Hopefully it will start to thrive once it spends a few weeks in the aquarium.
I used this on a 20lb dog. Works great. Makes a sound to warn and after a day or so that is all it took. I placed it on a 12 lbd dog also. I have to say for that size dog the box is a bit large. I would say anything under 15-20 lbs the box will be a bit large. The battery life is great. I have used it almost a week and have not had to recharge it yet. Over all a great purchase but way to big for a toy breed.
My pet used it fairly quickly just had to get used to the texture. I put a puppy pad underneath it since it drains out.
The fleece covered pad is a nice touch
For prevention of plaque on dogs teeth
At first my dog was very entertained by it. It's not really round because the cover was whack and oval shaped. So the ball is inside and there is excess material loose around the hard ball inside. After about two weeks it died but I'm not sure if it's the batteries cause I haven't tried switching them yet.
I like this product and nice to look at. Sturdy. My dog has used it several times.
It's really cute, Fits a little wonky up top but still good product
Very nice they work great for my dog that marks!
I have a 10lb Morkie and she loves this jacket and so do I. It is easy to get on and off. I was concerned about getting her hair caught in zipper but it is designed well and I haven't had a problem yet. Keeps her warm and the areas covered dry. Would recommend! the only thing is that I worry about the harness piece coming off but it seems to be pretty sturdy.
1 arrived broken because they are not individually wrapped. However the dishes are very nice.
Need to be able to buy replacement bristle bush. It wears out before the rest of the bone.
Nice product for the price. The outer shell is not as high quality of other beds that were more expensive and the fluff is thick but does create a crater in the middle from the dog laying. Overall it is a decent product and I would get it again.
I purchased this in 2014 and just realized I never wrote a review. Needless to say I LOVE it. It was easy to set up and has been working steady ever since. Even with 2 cats.I am more than pleased with this purchase. My only very minor quibble is that it was larger than I expected.
I like this tub a lot. It was the perfect size for my laundry room. The tub was damaged probably from shipping but the company was prompt to reply and handled the situation.
Helped for awhile then my dog's disease progressed past it. Product seems to work ok.
Fits well and is loud enough to keep my dog from barking. Easy to recharge. Cons: buzzes every time it beeps. I think it should have a warning beep before it buzzes.
I have a young, year old cat who loves this toy. Often before bed, I toss it around, and I love the exercise he gets. I noticed he sleeps better, as well. Sometimes, I attach two of the feather bunches. One that is soft and fluffy, and the other type that is thinner and more rigid. He loves the combo. I can't fault the company for the beating the feathers take, as he is pretty rough with it. However, my frustration has been with the wand. The first one I had lasted about six months before it had issues. The second one didn't even last a month, so now I am on my third one in two months. I am giving this third one a try, and if I have the same issue, I will start looking at a competitor. I really do like the quality of the feather, which makes this choice difficult. I do have to give props for the price, if it were more expensive, I would have already gone to a competitor.
I like this liner bc it lasts forever. I just hose it down with bleach solution When it gets gross. I replaced it after a year. I have three of these boxes and love them bc they are high and offer privacy or not depending on your cats. I wish they came with more hooks tho.
Sizing chart seems to be off a bit (it was too larger originally), but once we got the right size, fit great and is very durable.
This seems to help with odors relating to dogs.
Great product. A little hard to install, as my patio door is older. The first one came defective, but they sent out a new one within days at no charge. Great customer service!
I had to put my dog on a low fat diet of chicken and rice with some veggies. I felt she needed more nutrients and vitamins so I bought these. I can't really say if they work or dont work as I have only been using them for a few weeks now. She absolutely does not like the taste of them and they come in a treat style square. I have to crumble it up and put it in her food, then she sniffs the food and tries to eat around the crumbles, or I can crumble it up and put it in her mouth and hold her mouth closed until she swallows it but that seems a bit drastic. She totally does not like to take them. I am sure they are doing her some good, but I just dread having to get them into her. I probably would not buy them again simply because she does not like them.
I like the from factor, and how you can connect your pump to it with different siZe hose on the same connector, but I am not sure if it is right for my bio pellets. I use NP Active and they are supposed to be gently moved, which it does in some parts but also kind of blasts in other parts. Now many of the pellets are getting stuck in the black cone (which is removable) but not desirable anyways. I guess it should still be doing its job well otherwise, and the way it can either hang on back or go right behind or be connected by hose is nice.
We use them as "treats" for the dogs and they seem to enjoy them so far. Strong smell on the product but it doesn't seem to have a negative effect on the dogs. Overall they seem to like them so at this point I expect that it was a good decision to try these out.
Had a hard time with the amount of hair doodle has but overall a good value for the price!
Item shipped on time, looks exactly as I suspected, in perfect condition, and works perfect for my guppies. Only problems I found were the water distribution of the middle tray really only works if at least one separator is in place, and I can only keep them separated for about 2-3 weeks instead of a 1-2 months like you should bc fry learn quick they can get out the slits and they're a little bigger than I expected. Still very happy with it!
In the traditional Glofish Aquarium with the steady blue light the flower doesn't change color. It remains a purple/blue color. This is more suitable for a regular color changing led light Aquarium.
Its a very nice product. There were a few scuff marks on outside but ......it's a dog house
Quite big. My dog originally wouldn't sleep on it but out of the blue started using it every night. The cover is very thin but so far is holding up. The zipper broke the first time I tried to use it. This is the second bed I have bought for my dog recently and the only one he will use. It would be a 5 star if the cover was a little better made and the zipper held up.
The corners are pretty sharp, but that doesn't matter because its buried in my yard somewhere.
We have 1 guinea pig that we temporarily housed in a reptile cage. In searching and comparing habitats, I wanted to make sure our guinea had enough space to place in a safe environment. There are definitely a lot of cages out there, but this one caught my eye because of it's size and because of the positive reviews. I know this is more suited for a rabbit, but I think it has a lot of great space for our guinea to move around. It is very easy to put together, but I didn't give it 5 stars because I feel that the wire cage could be stronger. It feels more flimsy than we expected. Overall, great cage! A lot of space and we have one happy guinea pig.
Our 9-year-old pup has developed an issue with her hind leg. Painful for her to jump up on the bed or into the car. It took quite a bit of coaxing and a fair bit of McDonald's Canadian bacon but she is finally comfortable using the ramp. Not very high so there's a small step up from the top to our bed or the back of our car. If your dog needs to reach something any higher than 2' off the ground, you may need to look for something else. But the low height is a positive for us because the ramp is not so steep and less intimidating. We also like the surface which is kind of like a soft plastic pot scrubber. Provides a nice, slip-free grip. It is also fairly light & portable but a designed-in set of handles would be a nice addition. Should have mentioned, the thing that worked the best for getting her to use the ramp was that we put a harness on her and gently led her up the ramp with firm, slow pulling. She really had no option but to go right up the ramp. After a few times with this, the coaxing with treats finished the job. Our harness is a PetSafe Easy Walk Harness that we actually use on walks.
Fits well just not perfect. Wouldn't notice unless you installed. Can't complain would order again.
It does a good cleaning .
perfect starter pack for your new family member
Had a glitch in shipping but thats just FedEx for ya. After reading reviews AFTER i bought it i was concerned but once it arrived we put it together and i must say im pretty happy with it. Its the PERFECT size and quality for an inside hutch for our daughters bunny. Some reviews say the wholes arent pre drilled, i easily took a screw driver through the areas i needed to by hand. The only thing i am sorta concerned about is the bottom pull out part i feel it could be made with better material considering thats the part that will grt "soiled" the most. Other than that for $50 i dig it 😄
Very easy to put together.
Good stuff but pricey.
These sticks made my kitten psychotic! She got serious zoomies when playing with them. I have to ration her time with them lol
Keeps my cats busy and exercised... Happy cats!
Good product but clip comes undone sometimes
It's the only wet food my cat will eat.
This is a really great product for my dogs paws. She very sensitive to salt in the winter months. She also has dry paw pads as and this helps keep them moisturized. I've even used it on her elbow pressure calluses and it helps. This also helps protect her paws when the cement is very hot. It doesn't stain, but you still may see spots initially on sheets, carpets, etc, but it does go away on it own.
I bought this for my 22 lb mini schnauzer who doesn't like visitors at our house so i put him there when I have short term guests. It ends up he likes being in the crate and would go inside voluntarily to lay down. I chose this one in specific bc it folds flat so it doesn't take up a lot of room in my tiny house and I can also carry it in the back of my car trunk with me whenever I travel. The plastic frame is a lot sturdier than the nylon mesh frames. The door closure is easy to maneuver and my dog doesn't try to escape as he knows once he is in the crate and I close the door be needs to remain inside. Because of its angular shape, my dog feels more comfortable laying down that sitting upright. The snap clips that puts the pieces together can be a bit tricky bc it needs to be aligned at the precise point or else you can't clip it shut. Overall, I love it and am very happy with this purchase, I hope it will hold up over the years like the traditional bulky crates.
I love our bark collar, but the batteries are hard to find. These are a good value and arrived as promised!
Was a little big and had nothing to hold the excess. Trimmed it.Works fine, looks great.
Cool toy but if you're looking for something really durable for chewers, this isn't it. It was torn apart in about a minute.
It may seem a little flimsy but for the price and purpose I would recommend. The only thing is, my dog was buckled in and she tried to jump out and ripped the attached leash off like nothing.
The dogs love them, there could've been more in the bag for $20
This pet fountain has a nice design, doesn't take up much space, and is large enough for multiple cats to use. The LED light looks very cool, but I keep it off since I worry about the safety of having a light inside of my cat's drinking water. My cat is very picky and won't drink water from a water bowl, but she seems to like this fountain.
My pup loves this sweater! My only complaint is that, while it fits fine, the belly part is so long that he pees on it! So be sure to take this off for male dogs when they go outside to potty.
Easy to put on, seems to be a good quality, have to use for mode time!
Great design. Soft but good design. Good for smaller pups. I returned it only because my puppy was too big for it. She's a 10lb pomsky.
My terrier loves them but my Shih Tzu, not so much. They're small and healthy so I can treat often.
Dachshund's have broad chests, short legs, and long bodies. Finding a harness that fits well (doesn't snug up behind the elbows) isn't easy. This harness fits the bill exactly. Easy to put on or off, good fit, and quite comfortable.
Seems to work better that the other product we had.
Great collar, too bad it doesn't come with a few extra prongs
The only complaint I have is it's a little overpriced. It's great food. Both of my dogs love it. 25 lb beagle and 40 lb catahoula
Bought the medium size for my shih tzu. He loves it very much and is excited to relax on top! The bed has a soft cover that is easy to unzip and place in the wash.
Love this product, my cat immediately got in the top to look out the window and watch birds. He also likes the scratching on the columns. Was easy to assemble too.
runs very well and quite more than enough air for my 300 gal tank which has 4 air stones i had to turn down some for what i am using right now plenty of air to spare
My cats love it! They will walk by and stop to scratch on it and take a nap.
I like the collar very much and the Martingale collar was recommended by a dog foster parent/trainer. My only complaint is that the little plastic piece that is for attaching licenses was only held on by a thin piece of ribbon type material and broke, other than that I think it's a great collar and I'm glad someone recommended to me.
It's pretty nice. Granules really stick to cats paws, not any really good option to stop that with regular kitty litter but this is even lighter and sticks easier it seems. Only get the fresh scent cleaner!! Without it if the scoops ever miss tiny pieces the smell can become almost over powering... fresh scent helps tremendously!
Our dog loves this! Easy to refill too.
What I liked is, my dog loved it she came back for more, and it works pretty well. Dislike, And maybe it just me but there is so much static that the hair sticks to the entire glove and it's a pain to remove.
Takes a little time to flatten. I just put on counter with heavy items on top overnight. Set it in front of kitty litter and still wasn't completely flat, but it is now. He seemed unsure about it at first and just wanted to jump over it, but he's terrified of his own shadow.
This carrier did the job -- it was the biggest one I could get that still was within the airline's dimensions, and was very well made. It did have to be turned sideways to fit under the seat, but it did crush to fit nicely. The strap was positioned so it kept riding up onto my neck, which was annoying. The soft insert was great, loved the pocket and the options for extra windows. The instructions were very clear and thorough. All in all, it did a great job & my cat was very comfortable in it. I haven't tried the backpack straps, but look forward to!
We previously bought the 6 inch Pure Buffalo Backstrap Tendons and our puppy took a long time to get through them. As the time got shorter, we decided to try the 10 inch ones. While we still liked them, we found they were thinner and actually took her less time to get through one than the others so we have gone back to the 6 inch ones as they are thicker.
does what its supposed too, if your dog has long nails expect to do a little daily to reach what a normal clipper would do
Quality product for a couple dollars.
Good bowls, but wish they were bigger. Also wish they would just slide in and out easier - every time I put the water one back in I would slop water as it was hard to click it without doing so.
Only feed it to my fish twice a week so their stomach can relax from Hikari pellets, it turns the water green really fast, it's better to hand feed it so you can watch them eat it faster and not make their water dirty.
Needs lights on both sides. Like blinking , lights that stay on, flash.
Purchased for my sons cat and she loves the food
This dog sweater is well made & fits close to the sizing chart. The length is larger than the other measurements.
I have found it hard to clean the litter with other litters, I had to scrape, etc. With this product I just pick up with ease.
The shampoo and lotion cleared up my dogs skin in a couple weeks, which allowed her hair to grow back. I have spent so much money on different products and I'm just glad I finally found one that works for her. I just wish it wasn't so expensive since I have to bath her once a week and I use the lotion daily.
Good tank, good filter, good heater, but very weak lights. The hood really helps with water evaporation too.
These are very cute. I bought the S based on the measurements but they were a bit too big for my puppy. The material is easy to clean but the padding isn't really all the thick for potty accidents.
At first I was unhappy with the quantity, quality was good but it was a small amout. I contacted the seller and they corrected it by sending two more bags of rocks and a nice hand written letter. I'm very pleased with their customer service! Very responsive and helpful!
Works good and smells good!
Cat wouldn't eat it, but dogs loved it.
Got this for 2 gerbils. They seem to like the cage. We have a playpen for them too but when we put them in the playpen they are soon ready to get back into their cage. The divider gets yucky quick so I took it out. They kick wood shavings out of the cage and it makes a mess but then we switched to the paper bedding and they can't kick that stuff out so much. They do however chew on the plastic floor (there is a small ridge that goes all around the bottom) and hAve made a tiny hole. They have plenty of toys to chew on but then they chew everything. They have also chewed the plastic window to attach tubes. It's light so easy to move and clean. The door at the top is fine. We put a bridge right under it so they can get out when we open the door. I don't know if it will last long but for now it's good.
My dog got use to the high setting pretty quickly.
Yup worth every penny. Wish the clamp part was bigger because you have to have a certain width to use it on and that became my kitchen counter but besides that I won't have to pay $40 plus everytime I need my dog groomed
My dog is really picky. I got this and mix a little with warm water and mix it into her food and she eats!! Hoping it helps with her limping as she ages.
The only thing I don't like is the light. It feels so cheap. I took it off initially till i got batteries and in that first 2-3 days the light clip fell off and got lost. So I need a new light option.
Super cute, easy to clean. But small.
Product works as long as you use it daily. This isn't a quick fix which I wasn't looking for. I have a Weimaraner that has allergy and ear issues. This isn't as good as the vet prescribed meds, but still works as long as your vigilant.
Made a little small. If I would have known before I took it out package. I would have returned it for the next size up. Very well made and I will be ordering another one. Love the color.
I like this canine flotation device, my dog does not. He is a fussy little Sheltie & there are a lot of things he does not like. It fits well, but seriously I'm unable to judge how well he floats in it.
Its a great cat tree and was a bit taller than expected. However, the sides of the cubes are just straight fabric so if you have kittens or cats that like to claw and dig at things, it will be very easy to rip the cubes apart. I honestly bought it fully know that he would only really use the top bed, but I think it was still a good purchase. Here's an issue with the assembly, when it says to attach the top bed to the pole first, don't listen. Attach it to the cube first and then pull the pole in towards the hole because the holes didn't line up completely so I had to pull the pole inwards to make it reach the hole. I've only had it for a couple of days, but it seems like a pretty good cat tower for the price you are paying.
Smaller and not as absorbent ad I would have liked
This collar works very well. I like the options with it that make it possible to take a gentle approach to training. Our dogs have been able to learn with this with minimal actual shock. The beeping and vibration are usually enough. They actually seem better able to calm themselves and it's made our house more relaxed. Good training tools! The only reason that I don't give it 5 stars is that the information with the collar says that it is designed not to go off when another dog barks. We have found that NOT to be true. If the dogs are near each other at all, they can set each other's collar off. Even a loud person laughing or making loud noise near the dog can set the collar off. That's unfortunate. Still a good product overall, though.
I appreciate that it's safe on my dog's paws, but I noticed that it doesn't seem to be effective at very low temps, like 0 and below.
I like the modern style of this versus the standard scratchy box. My cats like to sit inside the square in addition to scratching on it. I wish it were a little cheaper given that it's built to be destroyed within a few months.
This lasted almost two months with my toy poodle. I bought this toy and another one at the same time, this one did last a little longer. Both of them were supposed to be virtually indestructible. Which in dog toy terminology, that probably means about one month. So I figure this one did really well. However if I would have given it to my German shepherd I highly doubt it would have lasted more than a week. I did only give it to my dog when I was around, and used it to play fetch and tug a war with him. I don't think any toy like this one would be good to just leave with the dog while not being supervised. Overall a decent toy but has some room for improvement.
I've always liked Adams & have used this brand/product for years. Kills fleas & ticks & leaves my pooch felling soft & smelling clean.
Collar works well, but we have a hard time turning it on and off.
very nice however a little pricey for only 2 bags
A little pricey for me on a budget. However my old guy loves them and they seem to help.
I Got the 8 piece stainless because it says it will work with a 40 blade. On the back of the comb you can flip between 10 and 30 (for those blade sizes). It falls off of my 40 blade if it gets hair caught in it, even with the magnet. I've been using my 10 blade. I still prefer the stainless combs to any plastic combs I have, but if you say it'll work with a 40 blade, it should work with a 40 blade (especially if it's an Andis blade)
A little expensive for the size
All of my dogs have chain collars (not choke collars) because they like to chew off any other type of collars. I ordered this collar because I have a 60 pound, 10 month old medium Doberman puppy Geoffrey and a 20 pound, 6 month old Dachshund/Labrador pup Daniel who LOVE to play with each other. One day while they were playing Daniel's collar got caught in Geoffrey's teeth and he started choking until he passed out. Thankfully I was in the kitchen and heard Geoff scream howling about his baby brother. I immediately removed the chain collar from Danny and he had been collar-less since. When this collar arrived it fit him perfect and the bright red looked precious on his shiny black fur. I was able to take him for a walk with no problem with the leash was connected to both metal rings. The boys play ALL THE TIME and the collar does disconnect as designed. The only downside is that once it disconnects it becomes a toy for the dogs to play with. The collar lasted 3 days before they chewed it in half. It was easy to sew back together but a stronger Kevlar type material would be fantastic. This would be a GREAT collar for dogs who are out of the chewing phase and I will be ordering it again once Daniel is full grown.
It comes in a crazy amount of pieces so prepare for the assembly but it is super cute, soft, and my kitten loves it. Able to keep it in his compact “safe space” away from my dogs.
Works great! Big change in the amount of food wasted
They do the job. Wish they were softer so they didn't make noise on the leash.
Cats love it. Just wish it was bigger around
Didn't quite fit my dog's face, but worked ok.
my 2 month old Belgium Malinois got parvo and Rescue is recommended by vets and is also used at vet hospitals or clinics. thank God our Echo has recovered and now we have cleaned inside out .
Seemed like a decent product and probably would've worked for my dogs (20 and 25 pounds). Didn't work for us only due to lack of space in room where we wanted to use it.
The birds love it. Easy to glue together but the pre-glued pieces were sloppy and had lots of glue blobs that needed to be removed. Great value for the price.
My dog liked this cute toy but it wasn't long until she pulled the stuffing out of the little birds.
it extends a tunnel it works.
Its a good product for the price
Cost keeps going up, but the food is great for an energetic pup.
Love how moist and soft they are. They work pretty fast. My dog was struggling to get up and 3 days on these, he's much better and walks faster.
Puppy tore it up and it has no stuffing, but it is his favorite toy.
Our Mastiff loves it and puts it on easily.
This one looks to be built better and I won't have a dog come home with only half a transmitter like the first on did !!
Scared all my cats , lol returned it
Excellent, my hamster has a lot a room to run around.
My senior dog is afraid of thunderstorms and fireworks. This oil was very effective in calming her.
I purchased this light hoping it would bring life back to my plants. I imagined the spectrum scale would have looked a little differently than what it did. That aside I am pleased with this fixture. Its bright, fits nicely on my tank and convenient toggle switch!
I think is good but my dog doesn't play with it.
Great way to get a puppy's urge to chew out. Mine is a 3 month old standard poodle and she went nuts for this bone at first. Even after the yummy outer layer of dried meat bits and inner marrow was gone, she is still going back to it and not going after the furniture (admittedly I have gotten her a variety of chew toys, so it isn't just because of the bone). No sign of splintering or becoming dangerous. For $4 a bone the price is right even if I replace the bone every week. My dog is right under 20 lbs for size reference, and she isn't an aggressive chewer- only one soft toy partially destroyed in the month of having her. My puppy eats grains free without artificial coloring or flavor food and this hasn't given her any diarrhea or gas. No bad breath and I haven't noticed any smell really coming from the bone unless I bring it close to my face. Let you puppy work on it for the first hour or two on tile or a washable surface, the outer surface was slightly greasy.
not bad smell ,i like this product but i was hoping for something a bit different
It looks like she really enjoyed her bone, when it comes to dogs she always happy to have bones. She like to maintain her teeth along being good to eat 💩.
This hutch is as described. There is no bottom so we put one on ourselves. Would've liked a bottom and some height to keep it off the ground.
Worked as needed. It was a little to thin!
Cat likes toy on the top!
Not very wide. My cats almay be too fat for it!!
Does what is supposed to do, but not for long wear, it irritated his groin area. He was sensitive and in pain for a couple of days.
I liked it bc it was very easy to control my friends larger dog who is working on training to learn to no pull. Held her very well.
They fit my yorkie but do not stay on her back paws very well
Item received as described. Works well for My Great Dane. I have to buy one generally every year but I do leave it outside. Nature of the beast I guess. 😅 Quality could be a little more solid.
Not the greatest quality, straps frayed in the wash. Fit is very small, bought medium for my 7 pound Yorkie mix, ended up reordering in large. But it gets the job done and they look adorable.
This is less then 24hr review. Over all I really like this filter. I had to replace the stock power filter my tank came with and this one really did the trick in expectations. My only complaint is that the intake is rather skinny and doesn't extend very far..I have a standard 20g tank and this filter states its for a 35g tank but the intake only goes down maybe half way. I can't comment on durability unfortunately.
I really do like these. I use them for wheat berries, oats, and cat food. I wanted to purchase more but they have gone up about $10 in less than a year. This is really sad as it is plastic and I highly doubt the manufacturing cost has gone up significantly. So if cost and potentially paying $33 dollars in the spring of 2019 doesn't put you off, I say get them.
I wish the kibble was smaller.
Product is fine overall. However, the inexplicable delays, especially after paying extra for expedited shipping. Communication was very lacking.
I really liked this product on my lab who has been shedding like crazy
This is bigger than it looks. The fabric won't go through the dryer well.
I bought this surgical suit for my Weimaraner after he got neutered. He hated wearing the dreaded cone and I thought this would be a good alternative. Unfortunately, the first day I left him alone with the suit on, he licked his surgical site so much (over the suit) he opened up the wound. The suit is a very thin material, so there isn't much protection if your dog licks the area of the suit where the sutures are located. Although I wouldn't leave my dog alone with just the suit, it was nice to have while I was home or leaving for short periods.
I like the look of the cat. It ia made of plastic but is heavy enough to stand on carpet. Easy to clean with soap and water. The scoop that comes with it doesn't work. Just like other reviews the holes are too big. Fortunately my original scoop fits good inside the cat.
The dogs really enjoyed this toy. They played with the trunk once the squirrels were pulled out. The squirrels have a squeaker so beware if you have heavy chewers like mine. Otherwise they had fun with it.
Good product. Easy to learn how to use. However, it seems not work very well on my dog, a German Shepherd. Will see.
Keeps the cats entertained but I do wish it did more than just circles, the pictures are a bit misleading on that.
one of my Goldens is an aggressive chewer. I bought 1lb. package,that came with 2 sticks. Good sizes for big dogs,but it lasted her little over hour, about 1 1/2" was left,when i took it from her. Other dog ,who is not chewer at all,love the flavor,and been enjoying.It might take him several days to finish it.
Love that there is no cord to get in the way.
Too small for my dog
I am dislike because you send me the wrong size I request medium and you send me large how can I put back the product can you help me please? Thank you!!!
Easy to assemble. Good sturdy cage. Only drawback is the plastic ramps. My squirrel has chewed one of them almost completely in half.
My wife loves it for walking our big dog. She can put more weight into her hips to hold him back hands free. Great for jogging.
Great product! My dogs love them
I'm not positive it works, but after not using it since I ran out it does seem like it had helped. The biggest problem is the idea of "paw paste." Just... no. Don't stress your cat out more with this on his paws. It was a huge fight with mine. So now I just squirt some down on the floor or in a small container by their food. It took my cats a few times to decide they liked it, but now they come trotting over for more -- so long as I put it on the ground and not on their paws.
My cat is a treat wh*re so he tolerates a buffing. I clip with scissors first the grind the leftover sharp edges down with this, while I shove treats in his face. It's not very loud but I would say it depends on how tolerant your cat is. Clippers might be easier.
Seems like a well made toy, and my dog enjoys it. I wish they had one less hole though so that the puzzle was a bit tougher. My golden retriever gets all 3 out within 1 minute.
Love this tent! Easy to set up, looks really cute, & my "kids" love it. We placed a towel on the floor of the tent which made the bottom more comfortable, as there is just a piece of fabric for the floor - no cushion. Almost all of my cats use it. They like to take turns. The only thing that would make this better is if it had a removable cushioned mat.
Product shipped quickly. It installed easily and was exactly as presented
The grooves I have to get use to.
Arrived pretty quickly 😊 was smaller than expected but looks in very good health and has no snails or parasites I would definitely buy again my only wish is they would put description items in the package so I could remember the name of the plants I bought from this company
Love that the velcro is strong. Great fitting overall. Could be more absorbent. Overall we are happy.
Good but not as good as they used to be, especially considering the significant increase in price. May have to make due with an alternative.
I am completely amazed at how my dog stopped pulling when I hooked him to the ring at the front. The harness is of good quality and seems as if it's made to last. The size guide is true to size and I was debating between a L and XL for my 10 month old lab and I'm happy I sized up Incase he decides to grow a bit more. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because of the lack of color options. I would have preferred more but again the loss of star is not because of the product it's self.
My bird generally likes it, but he doesn't play there a lot. The playground looks nice, but a little insecure. The parts are supposed to be glued together, so it is ok for a small bird.
If the cat likes it, I like it. He seems happy with it.
Dogs seemed to really like this stuff! I have a picky eater and she did just fine with it. I do suggest that you mush up the chunky meat in it and make a paste, to mix. Otherwise the smart pup is just likely to eat the chunks and leave the kibble. This is a very saucy product and was great for mixing kibble into.
Got the light since I upgraded my aquarium before I add new fish. And I install light bar after rinsing it off since it felt like it had residue on it. I was disappointed that it only include suctions for the bar nothing to hide the wires or hold the transformer box. Also the cable to that box is like 2-3 inches long. Not sure why. But the light is bright and colors are pretty vivid. I just wish it had a true white. It's more of a bright blue white. Pretty happy with it. My only concern is the IP68 rating as that doesn't mean it's waterproof.
Really like this shampoo! It got rid of my puppies dandruff but after a day they start to stink again.
Installed without any issues. Had to remove the magnet because one of my cats was too scared to push the door hard enough
This is really a good product. It was easy to put together(less than 5 minutes). I most assuredly recommend it.
This is my rescue dog's absolute favorite toy. She came with it and it only had one ear and it took me awhile to find another because she cries when we can't find it. She loves to squeak it. There's a ton of squeaks and it makes her so happy. This one too is now ripped and was within 2 days so it's not the most durable but I hope they keep making it as it's my pup's woobie!
Not bad for 7 bucks. Easy to throw with the heavy weight.
Update!! I called Wahl and explained the situation and since they are under warranty, they are sending a new blade. The customer service was quick and easy, and I'm extremely impressed. I'm changing my one star review to four because of the great customer service. Fingers crossed this solution works. —— Original review: One star. I can't get a blade to stay on.
This definitely calmed down my chubby cats aggressive snacking. However, food gets all over the place. If I had a bigger area and could put down a large tray under it, it'd be better. It's also kind of a pain to refill. However, it served it's purpose so it gets four stars. Definitely worth it if you're not in a tiny apartment and you don't mind a mildly annoying refilling process.
Wasn't sure if this was going to work and the label was a little misleading (we thought it was a citronella collar) but it's gotten our husky mix (v. vocal...) to stop barking save for the tiny bark here and there
Works great. A little heavy but I wanted heavy duty so that was expected. Great for hikes - gave my pup some room but still gave me control of his recall
My cat kept this on for a while. Great for a laugh. Super cute for photos. The bow tie fell apart eventually but you get what you pay for.
I really liked how easy it is to use, however the size does run big so its a little to large for my dog. We measured him before we purchased and it is still to big. It will work, however so i am not upset.
Love it. purchased B/c my saint bernard has a 'thing' for rabbits. this was disturbingly (in a funny way) similar to the real thing. Obsessed w/it. I did have to restitch almost immediately...
It smells a lot like fish food, but my dog seems to enjoy it. I crush them up and put it in my dogs food bowl. I can't really tell if it works for my dogs coat to be honest.
Our two medium dogs sleep in it together. It is perfect to match the furniture and not look like a crate. The dogs love it and has made crate training easy.
I bought a similar product from Petco which costed me $100. This is a lot cheaper but the quality is a lot of flimsy than the expensive one from Petco. My dog is a toy breed so it is safe even though he tries to push it. However if you have a big dog, it might not be a good idea if you are going to put the playpen indoor.
The harness fits our border collie; but the snap on the underside doesn't stay snapped together, so it migrates around her body. The body straps don't stay adjusted.
I think I got the last one. They used to sell 3 different sizes. I got the largest because it was on sale, and it was huge. I couldn't even hang it on the cage because it was so big and took over the entire side of the cage. Sent it back. Next time I'll get a "small".
Nice collar. I wanted an extra collar that she could wear when she was hiking or at the lakes that wouldn't collect smells or be soggy all day. This looks like it is going to work perfectly. The bright color and reflective stripe are also nice in helping to keep track of her. Does take a couple of wears before it gets broken in and lays completely flat but this is just because of the type of material and is to be expected
Works well, my betas have been healthy for a few years now.
The seal was a little tricky to get in but other than that ok.
My snake loves this! Definitely get it if you're thinking about it. It's a bit difficult to attach the suction cups to the hooks (they come separated), but once you do that it's really easy to shape. It comes with 6 suction cups. I kinda wish it came with more since the vine is so long, but either way it's really neat.
I was surprised at how large it was, appropriate for the loss of a large dog (large collar). It can be hung on the wall but I will put it outside in the garden.
It was smaller than I expected - definitely not 9.8 inches long. Still, I was able to make it work in my 10-gallon and it looks great, it just won't be one of the main features of the tank decor as I had planned it to be. I didn't mind that it leaked tannin into the water, but it does leak a lot; I've had it in my tank for about two weeks and it's still going. A good water change helps with the color and it didn't bother me much to begin with. However, and this is my fault I guess, I didn't boil it before I put it in the tank and it did develop white/clear fungus after a few days. This isn't harmful to the fish and frog I had in the tank, but it was quite unsightly. I also originally got it as another hiding place for my African dwarf frog but it turns out the guppies seem to like it more than frog does. Oh well.
The dish is working as hoped for. Making the dog slow her eating.
My dogs have no pull harnesses so they get tangled when it's clip in the front but if it's clipped at the neck, it's fine. I love the leash. I walked three dogs using it. I had two clipped infront and my little dog clip in the back there's another ring near the handle.
The jacket worked well. But it is hot to wear.
Very good and worked right away!
works ok, was expecting a cover with it but nothing but bare tank.
My cat really enjoys eating this food. The ingredients seem to be pretty good as well. She used to have digestive issues but those issues have ceased with this food. However, I'm going to start purchasing this food from Chewy though as they have better prices and honest reviews.
Did not last long, but my dog loved it
Hopefully this product will help my Dachshund's enough that she will be able to go off her prescription medication for allergies.
Love the concept since we take our dog out and about frequently. We ended up gifting it to our niece since it was just too small for our medium/large dog.
works great for dogs with gas
It's really cute on him and fits well. Construction is good.
It's awesome. I would give 5 stars except the handle bar does not lock on one side only after one month of use.
Worth the money, but unfortunately most airlines rejects the purse height. Too high/tall to go on an airplane. If you're not using it to fly with your dog the bag is precious. My dog liked it. I recommend it still.
i had bought 1 before from a pet store and it works great for my axolotls . I bought this one from here because it was cheaper but it is missing 1 suction cup . This is why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars due to missing a suction cup . One should always check the product to make sure it has all of its pieces. My axolotls love these hammocks and use them all the time.
ADORABLE. Everytime my dogs are out with these bowties on, there are comments about how cute they are. I felt like they were priced okay and super easy to attach. The tie easily attached with elastic bands that slip on the collar. I ordered ones before that attached with velcro and they were lost in no time. After a couple of months the bows start to get loose threads, only drawback. I would order again.
Lighter than the original wire. Replaced our entire original fence two months ago. It's working fine so far. But it is, like I said, a lot lighter than the manufacturer's original.
Great harness , well made and attractive. I gave 4 start as it is very difficult to adjust the size
I like the good quality ingredients although the price is a bit high My dog prefers this food over any other. I hold back on five stars only because some bags of this food have a very strong odor that makes me turn my head and my dogs breath smell after eating while other bags of same food won't. It makes me wonder about it. I feel it should be consistent.
Works pretty good with my newfound and it hasn't cracked yet. Which is surprising so I would say go for it. He can't reach his hot spots
This worked great to stop our neighbor's cat from scratching our wool rug. She still walks on it to go to jump on the couch, but generally avoids it otherwise. I find that I have to spray it every few weeks or so, but maybe this will lessen over time as she learns to stop scratching that area. Also, I wish the spray top were removable, so that I could pour the amount of product remaining at the end of the old bottle (that can't be sprayed out) into a new bottle.
Works great for my larger Black lab, makes noise while she walks. Not so good for the German short hair, she has to run / walk fast to make noise. But other wise great product and fits on their collars.
I go through so much of this stuff because of how many gallons my tank is and the constant need to change part of the water every few weeks minimum. This is the cheapest per ounce supplier I've found and it comes straight to my door.
Good product. Easy to use
It seems to be doing the job so far. Just got it.
it is rip-off priced!
Very good poop bags! I paid good price for a 1000. Great quality.
Both of our receivers worked great up until now. Our black one stopped working and we can not get it to pair. Can you please give me an email or 800 number to call?
The step by step directions were easy to follow, the germination time was spot on and the holder makes it easier to move to sunnier spots in the house. I'm still waiting for the growing process to finish so that our cat can enjoy her new edibles.
My frenchie is 30 lbs, and I got him size XXL (his measurements were close to the size chart). It fits well, but when we put these pj's on for the first time - threads were sticking out from the leg holes... Had to cut the threads off, so I won't be surprised if it will fall apart soon. However, it's nice for sleeping and my pup seems to be enjoying it so far.
This is a decent kibble, albeit a bit pricey. I like that it's high in protein, but be sure it doesn't tax your dogs kidneys too much. I balance it out with vegetables. Beware that it can make your pup's stool softer, so you may have accidents or looser hidden gems to find if you have a young pup or a senior incontinent dog.
Husky is too scared to use it on her. Nice kit though.
This is a very well made harness. The only reason I am only giving it 4 stars is that it does not fit my dog's body type. He is a Standard Poodle, so has a very narrow chest. It was too bulky between his front legs. Amazon was very good on giving me a refund. I would recommend it for a dog with a wide chest.
Oh my goodness! My cat had so much fun with this toy. Plenty of catnip scent. Good size for kicking. Thumbs up.
Good price. Treats were a bit beat up in the bags but the dog did not care about that.
I had a hard time trying to figure out how to install it but I think I have it right now. Chihuahua seems to love it
I ordered this dog harness because I have gotten tired of wrestling with my pooch to get him into the standard nylon strap harness that we've always used. He gets pretty excited to go on a walk and the old harness required me to get both of his front legs through the harness loops and then buckle the chest strap - all while not twisting anything or putting it on backwards while he energetically pranced around. This new style harness is as easy to get onto him as dropping the harness over his head and clipping one strap under his chest. Here are my personal observations: Pros: + Easy Peasy to put onto my pooch. + No loops for his front legs. + Comfortable and wide main harness material. + Moderately adjustable for chest size. Cons: - No adjustment for front chest strap - it is a fixed size based on the size you order which is the reason for my reduction by one star. Neutral: = I hope you like the color purple - because there are two large purple product tags sewn onto the sides of the main harness piece regardless of what color harness you get. = Measure your pooch carefully - you may be able to use a harness that is too big but your dog will be able to get out of it easier than one that is properly sized. Overall, I like this harness and my dog likes this harness and we both are glad to have it.
I installed this on a board and placed it in the bottom part of a low window so the dogs and cats can have easy access in and out of the house, instead of playing the in and out game with them. Lol!! The only thing I am not happy about is the way it is advertised as being able to be resized to fit different thicknesses. The board is an inch thick and still had to double the board where the door connects to maintain a proper fit. Other than this, works as expected, animals love the ability of going in and out on their own.
Arrived on time, but have not had the chance to use yet.
I ordered the XL Jumbo bed, it is a little smaller than I was expecting when considering the a bed that I ordered from a different company. I have a Husky/German Shepherd mix and she is a large dog, about 80lbs. This bed is not big enough for her to stretch out but has plenty of room to just lay on. She has only layed on this bed a couple of times so at this time I am not sure if she is going to like it. It took her a little while to sleep on the other bed but she loves it now., only time will tell. This bed is very firm and appears to be well made. It has a removal cover which will be good once she starts using it. I purchased this bed to keep in our bedroom so she won't have to sleep on the floor. She is getting older and needs something padded for her joints and to help her sleep more comfortably. I will have to get back to you if and when she starts sleeping on this new bed.
My cat loves this toy. It was larger than inwas expecting but she loves it so that's all that matters. The pic shows a little of the toys color, but plenty of my beautiful queen.
The cats are very intrigued and are trying to figure out exactly what this is... They are enjoying running from end to end and it is a good opportunity to lie in wait... Fun to watch.
It looks like real food.
Little pricey but dogs like them
Nice, hat is a little large compared to the costume.
Wish you could buy only prongs. My dog seems to lose that part but I have to buy this entire set of pieces every time.
I was hoping it would be a bit bigger as our dog will be large but it's okay. I like that the stainless steal bowl is removable for easy cleaning and refilling but if you have a large breed dog they can tip it. Overall we like this product.
Captures about 90% of the litter my kitty kicks out of the box. Not all the litter sifts down to the pocket level but it certainly helps with cleanup. Because the mat is folded, it sort of humps up in the middle. Maybe with a heavier litter box it would lie flat.
Nice ladder. Easy to put together. Dogs, however, won't go near it!! Cats like it!
Big hit with our cats! Easy to assembly, would buy again.
This toy is great if you have a power chewer and you're tired of finding chewed up toys minutes after you bring them home. I'm not giving this toy 5 stars because my power chewer got bored with it once she figured out she couldn't destroy it and hasn't touched it since.
Sturdy and well made. My sun conure enjoy his swing
It would be better if it didn't turn so often on my dog's leash. Other than that, it gives off a nice bright light. I now use a safety pin and pin it higher up on my leash so that's easy to see.
I have a 8 month old beardie, and thought I'd give this a try. I put it up in the corner of his tank in just a few seconds. Within 5 minutes my dragon was lounging in it - taking a nap. He goes to his hammock every evening now, and sometimes in the afternoon before one of his feedings. I've had it in his tank for a few months now, and the only problem I'm having is - his weight ( almost 3/4 lb) is causing the suction cups to let loose. So - I glued the suction cups onto the tank with fish tank glue. I can't rearrange where the hammock goes - but I do not have to fix it every day. You can't go wrong with a hammock for your beardie - they all know exactly what it's for, and have no problems using it.
Perfect size and when my dog spilled water from his water bowl doesn't get all over the place the mat absorbs the water and it's washable
Love that the bottom of the bowl has skid resistant material so the bowl doesn't move around while your dog is eating. Not noisy either.
A little smaller then expected but its lightweight and she loves it
So cute. Shipping and pricing was great. This is for a one year old mini lab and while the sizing isn't perfect it's much closer than others we have tried
My Crested loves these. He only eats the chicken off but a good treat for him.
I like the bed. However it was folded in half for shipping and the hoop that's supposed to hold it out a bit is bent .
My new cat had a lot of anxiety, this has really helped. Seems to just mellow him out a little without any drowsy side effects.
Easy setup and like both output nozzle options. The aerator tends to siphon the wrong way (watered my floor before I noticed) if pump is more than 2" below the surface. Working very well with my 20g planted aquascape.
Great for when you have a 30lb cat who can't fit in standard litter boxes!
Came with some flaws, but that doesn't matter to me because my dog is going to chew on it haha Teddy the Pomeranian approved. He likes that when I throw it to him to fetch it bounces crooked
I don't know yet if it is helping my cat's urinary tract infection but the taste doesn't bother her so I can easily give it to her.
I'm a foster parent for shelter kittens and need lots of toys for them to play with. This was a great selection at a good price.
This product was packed with chemicals. Food grade dog treats packed with toilet bowl cleaner. I have been food safety certified and this is not acceptable. It is the only thing ever done like this but I will not feed this to my dog for fear of contamination.
Great crate at a great price. Dinged it one star because for some ridiculous reason, the handle doesn't snap onto the top directly in the center, it's off by one row...doesn't affect much other than drive my OCD crazy. The latch post has a bent end, so if you have a dog that can easily push the lever from the inside, the bent post helps keep it locked.
Whiskas is what you eant in a wet cat food and not everyone carries it. When you cat approves, you stick with it. I use Fancy Feast in the morning and alternate orders of these packets for later feedings.
This is one of my dog's favorite treat. Works great for her training.
Very pretty light pink with light weight hearts. Hard to open. They never broke open but they don't feel sturdy to the touch.
My dog is 11 and she is at that age when dogs start to get "senior breath". This water additive helped to tone down her breath, especially when used with dental sticks, and she seemed to love the taste of her water.
Egg crate helps to prevent a dip. I use for my handicapped rabbits, they like the edges to lean on. Pretty easy to machine wash but you will need to ring out the foam.
The device tends to calm my dog down as soon as I put the collar on her. It usually works when she barks, however randomly it won't work. I wish it was more consistent with going off when she barks. Typically, when it goes off once she won't bark anymore for a while. Also, I would not recommend leaving the collar on when your dog plays or sleeps if they tend to growl or have dreams. When I first got the collar I found that sometimes she would make it go off while playing and dreaming, so I stopped leaving it on during those times. I also have to constantly re-tighten the collar because it loosens up as my dog runs around. I have not tried the whistle out much, however it does get my dog's attention. Overall, good item, but could be improved.
Exactly as described. Kids love them! Thank you
Dog seems to like it but his ability to clear a room has gone to a professional level!
Received it in the mail today but I think overall for the price it's nice. I ordered the xl. Plenty big enough now and should be perfect by the time out Great Dane puppy is all grown up. She went straight for the plastic part that holds the bars together and started chewing, so I think I'll get the pad that goes with it for now I put a large bod bed on top. Disappointed that the replacement covers do not come in the xl size.
My fur baby can no longer do steps. Needed to move box upstairs. Fits perfect in a corner of the laundry room. Would like to see disposable liners available for the shape.
The only complaint I have is the door isn't straight, but this is amazing for my 5 month old Yorker poo
Great product, durable and lightweight. My dog weighs about 6 pounds and she fits perfectly. My other dog in the other hand weighs about 12 pounds, fits in the bag just doesn't seem to be to secure it.
There were no instructions for using the extra pieces - brackets and bars. However, I just laid it on top of my glass covering my aquarium, and it illuminates my tank wonderfully. My old florescent light was no longer working properly, and I'd never seen anything like these LED lights before. Its compact size is great!
Has really helped our English Bulldog eat slower and he doesn't cough and hack like before
I bought the medium size bowl and it is a decent size. Overall good product and has a firm grip.
Costs less at Trader Joe's......
Smells amazing and her fur is soft and silky. The smell lasts about a day
My cat loves this pad! She hardly gets off it
My dog loves it. I still haven't used the shocker but I did use the collar on them. Some collars only last about a few days on him. This collar is very durable and strong so it has lasted him a long time.
I wish it was a little longer but that's my fault. I like that the nylon does not freeze being outside.
Great for soccer games outdoor in the cold.
The cover is washable, but not waterproof, so if your pup decides to pee or throw up in it, it will soak through to the foam underneath and liquid will penetrate it. Not sure how I'm supposed to clean pee out of the foam seat and cushion, wish the material kept liquid from soaking into the foam seat cushion and foam framing... Just something to be aware of if your puppy, like ours, does this every time you go for a car ride lol.
My German Shepard can be quite smelly especially in the.cold winter, she is in the pool most of the summer and I shower and dry her after. Unfortunately in winter. Yikes. But love is nose blind. This helps curb the smell and can be done quickly and efficiently if companies coming.
Used this to plant some things in my kettle fountain. It worked great (no floating soil).
My dog likes it. The Outer Rim is kind of saggy on the bed.
I'm using this to keep my dog relaxed it works pretty good but she isn't a fan of the taste
My dog likes these, but they're a little expensive if he eats 2-3 a day.
My very active chewer loves these. They only last a couple of weeks, but much better than everything else I've ever bought which only lasts a few seconds...
Good cat box, not great. It's got high sided that help keep the litter from getting everywhere but the entry is low so my new kitten can easily get in and out. I'm a little disappointed in how thin the plastic is but if you set it in the corner it's pretty sturdy. It looks like you can get a hood for this to make it a covered litter box. The best feature is that the corners are curved inside so the cat junk doesn't stick to the corners like most other corner boxes. That's my favorite feature that makes it worth the money for me. So easy to clean.
This stroller came in handy on our vacation to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. If the dog sits towards the back then you have to balance it on the back wheels, the front wheel had a mind of its own so I usually just used the back wheels. Overall it is worth the money since I own a larger dog.
It's a gamble buying anything on Amazon. Product shots can be misleading and I tend to be disappointed in decorations for my aquarium. This is an exception. It has some real heft and it's a solid decoration. Quality feels great and there's a lot of detail. The color is amazing. I've paired it with a piece of real driftwood and you can't tell the difference.
Good product-does have to be secured, and it's a bit difficult to reach the top pouch.
Good quality harness. It didn't bother my dog to wear it at all.
It's your standard 20 gallon glass tank. Unlike most reviewers, my glass lid is actually plastic. I suspect the company changed over after many complaints of broken lids during shipment. It's nice a heater is included, however preset heaters have a bad wrap for over heating and dying so I won't be using it. The LED lights are decent, but I wouldn't recommend them if you're planning on a heavily planted tank. The HOB filter is like none I've ever seen before. I'm not keen on it, and will probably change it in the future. I'll give it a go but I plan to switch it eventually. The intake is nice and buffered, but I don't like how the intake sponge is incased in the system. How are you suppose to clean it off debris? Overall, I bought the tank for the tank it's self, not all the extras. For the price it's good as most other starter kits- even tanks alone - start at much higher than this one, so I think it's a good deal.
Love the product and more importantly, so do the kitties, but it arrived damaged. I was disappointed with the shipping box. It was not strong enough to prevent damage. The front corner, by the doorway, was broken, bent upwards and cracked about 6" back. The carpet held the broken wood mostly in place and I was able to flatten it pretty good. It was too heavy and bulky to send back and the box was holey and damaged. So we are making do.
Makes the job easier. I just wish the rubber band was thicker to keep the liners in place with a stronger hold!
They do what they say.
Like concept. Need bigger animals n holes.
Using to feed a beta with the small round beta pellets. Tested it out before installing on the tank. Works good on 24 and 12 hour feeding. Pellet food is very small and it was a little tricky to adjust food release. Instructions are in Chinese none in English. If I didn't have something like this before I would have been in trouble. It is still new so we will have to see how it performs in future
Very nice, but it's very thin also.
My dogs seem to like them!
Can't rave about this enough. I feel that my vacuum never picked up enough pet hair, this broom pulled up incredible amounts of fluff. Absolutely love it. I recommend to all my friends with pets.
My dogs seem to like these when they need something to chew. Sometimes I will find little pieces around the house or a stick half chewed so make sure to pick them up to avoid stepping on them. I recommend that it's best that they chew these in a small area like a playpen or crate to avoid having small pieces laying around the house. Keeps their breath and teeth nice and clean!
my girl likes this ball
DOGS SEEMED TO LIKE THIS OIL. NOT SURE I SAW MUCH OF A DIFFERENCE. MY DOGS WERE PRETTY HEALTHY ALREADY
I have used this power-head type/brand before and have been very happy with it. Bought this one to use in combination with under-gravel filter. So far so good. I have a 55 gal. tank and it seems to be a good flow rate. Only gripe is there is not a 1" flange built into the pump body, which necessitates using the cone adapter to connect to the transport/riser tube.
We have two big dogs that shed like crazy! They covered my last car in fur and it was next to impossible to get out. I didnt want this to happen to my new Equinox and it has saved my car's interior! It fits great and i love that it completely covers the bumper so they cant scratch it getting in and out. I also love that the trunk is protected if groceries spill or we're transporting home improvement things that would make a mess. Like the other reviews though, i cant get the velcro or suction cups to stick. I'm gonna try adding some velcro on my own and see if that helps.
One of my dog's may be allergic to an ingredient...to be determined. He is itching constantly, so will experiment with other foods.
It's sturdier than my last 2 similar cables bought at TSC. But since it stays outdoors 24/7 I have to put WD40 on the latch now and then. Otherwise it sticks and won't open. All that considered, still a good deal for the price.
Amazing product. An excellent purchase!
My cats love when I put these gloves on. When they haven't been brushed in a while it takes sheets of hair off them, but sometimes it's just a few hairs and they are harder to remove from the gloves. Overall a good purchase.
My dog loves them. Smaller than expected
My dog enjoys these treats. Plus the ingredients are all quality ingredients.
Very cute but the screws keep coming off of hinges! Love it and it works well for my purpose , but every day I find a screw on the floor! I'm going to try to get them tighter... but very nice gate!
I waited to write my review until I knew how the bed would hold up. It's about on average with every other dog bed that goes flat after a year. When we opened it it looked like a cloud and my arthritic lab had trouble climbing into bed bc it was SO. fluffy. But once it flattened after a few days he slept so hard I could barely get him up in the morning, which he loves getting up in the morning so I knew he was VERY comfortable. He still loves it but I ended up buying a twin sized egg shell crate foam bed topper to go under it because it's getting too flat. Cut it to size and it works great. As for durability/waterproofing: a few weeks after I got it my other dog decided she wanted the most comfortable spot to have her puppies. After she was done I completely sprayed down/sanitized the bed and found that one side is not water proofed at all and the other just has a very thin plasticky layer that hardly can be called waterproofing. After the puppies incident and considering my old dog has accidents, I ended up putting a twin sized waterproof mattress cover on it. Overall it's a good bed just for the size of it. It's MASSIVE! I can lay on it with my two large dogs and we can all lay comfortably. Just be aware it's not water proof/resistant if that's what you need and it will go flat after about a year if used regularly. And if you don't want to struggle with washing the cover regularly buy a twin fitted sheet to put over it. I wash mine bi weekly and it's so much nicer than wrestling with the zipped cover.
Good for kitties too.
These are good looking gates that you don't mind putting up in your home and I like the fact they are flexible and can swing one panel to walk through or take dogs through without climbing over. However, we have adopted two very small Pomeranians less than 8 pounds each and one of them has discovered she can PULL on them with her paws and they will slide open or a panel will open and out they go. Apparently she reaches through the slat and then pulls until a panel moves or pulls away from the wall. Will keep these to block other rooms but will have to buy a pressure gate and put them in another room. They don't do this during the day, only at night when they want to be near us.
Canister was shipped quick but the canister box inside the shipped box looked to have been used or tampered with as I am missing two metal lid clips so rendering the canister not water tight. I see I can purchase some on amazon for like $8 but still annoying. I have had this canister before so i know it works great but annoying i have to now wait longer before i can use.
The fish seem to like it. And they love the food. Only issue is one bottle leaked in the package. It much though so its ok
Not bad for the price...nice variety of bird toys....I think Charlie will be entertained
It stood up to my 9 mo old chow/boxer cross who had broken 2 cable the outs from pet smart. Now that he is 11 mo old and 90 lbs it still holding up
I loved this. It's adorable but like any clothing item sizing is a potential issue. I have small cats and large cats and this didn't fit any of them all that well. There is one tiny Velcro spot for securing the strap. If this had been larger or designed to be adjustable this would have easily been a 5 star rating.
My pup is naughty and sneaky, but the vibrating function works just fine so far as he responds to it well.
This works very well as an enhancement to my dogs kibble.
It was damaged during delivery. The seller responded quickly and replaced damaged parts.
Great for my new puppy he loves it.
Great! I bought this because I will soon be flying with my cat from Korea to the Netherlands, and I hope my little buddy will be able to have some degree of comfort. Here's hoping! Thank you from Korea
This works in calming my bully cat. It does take time so don't expect immediate results. Give it a good month and make sure you pay attention to the space requirements for it to work. I have on in my bedroom and another in my living room as these are the two rooms my cats hand out in the most.
My cat loves these toys. I've ordered them twice. But he plays kinda rough and the feathers just don't hold up to him. But he still loves them!
use these for my snails and they seem to like it every here and there. my fish sometimes also gets a nibble in every here and there.
These gloves work great, his coat is shinny after and he enjoys the glove time.... He always ran when we'd use a brush
This product is perfect for a not so active dog.
Loved them . Would recommend to anyone
Dog loves it, she enjoys the cushion. I used the drainage holes to run a big screw with a washer to hold the carpet down in the yard. Worked great!
It's an NFL official collar and is adorable. It's actually my 2nd for when my first completely wears out. It does show wear fast than I would want. What can I say. We're Broncos fans.
I was disappointed with only getting one package of the product. I normally pay $2.00 for one individual package which contains four very small servings at Big Lots. I thought I was getting 4 packages of the product for $7.00. That would have been a good buy. The way it went down I paid way too much money for the price from this vendor. It was a rip off.
A little tall for my Pomeranians but it's the only height available for the square footage I could find. It works perfectly to keep mama and puppies safely contained while I'm away or busy. Extremely easy to assemble. Only need to easily slide one bar out to open the panel and clean; takes literally .5 seconds! It can be configured into different shapes to fit the area you have. Sturdy thick plastic and handy door with 2 latches to lock closed. Would not recommend for a large breed but works great for my little ones!!
Super comfortable only issue is my dog clawed through the cover and bit holes in the foam mattress and he chooses to lay on the couch over his bed.
Bird enjoys her treat
Not bad for the price
I've only been using the product for a few weeks, but it seems to provide some comfort for my Yorkie.
Easy to use but litter does spill and it does get every little bit of stuff.
It looks like a quality product but my dogs are just not well behaved enough to take advantage of it. One of my dogs is constantly trying to play with the other and this just prevents the other dog from escaping. They also like to go different directions a lot. It seems to hold up to two 100lbs dogs well though. I just have only used it twice since getting it because it isn't practical for my dogs. So I am back to one dog off leash and one on.
I love it! Really cute! My puppy Mississippi really likes it! It was easy to assemble, and in less than ten minutes we were ready to go!
The height is good for my cat to eat The one problem is the metal bowl could be a bit mor shallow as it is hard for him to get way down to get his dry food out of the bottom. Very well made and a great idea!
Great little brush for my Aussie. I wish the bristles on the soft side were a little stiffer but they work great for his face.
Like - very large and strong fabric dislike - the horseshoe edging or sofa arm was not completely full of padding material leaving the arm with wrinkles looking somewhat empty . I suspect Furhaven installed a medium size padding in a large bed and it really takes away from the looks of a good dog bed. I also bought a smaller dog bed for a crate and it was much softer , fuller padding , and a 5 star product
We saw something similar at pet store for the double of the price. Very comfortable. I would buy it again.
It is smaller than I expected, despite reading the description. Bought for cats, who insist of having a blanket over it; defeating the purpose for me. It does get quite warm and needs to be monitored. "Someone" in the house knocked a pillow onto it and it didnt get shut off, it altered the color of the pillow and could have potentially caused a fire. That isn't anyone's fault but ours, just something to know. The blanket that came with it is laughably small and perfect for a kids toy.
A comment, not a complaint. This is a well crafted harness. But it is not for off leash use. If you are not keeping tension on the harness with a leash, it slacks loose. Remove the leash and you are also left with about one foot of connection straps flying around. I returned it solely for this reason. Wish the description would have mentioned this.
Clippers work very well.
I have seen these pet shedding grooming tools on Facebook and how much hair they take out of the dog. I really wanted something to get all the dead coat hair on my Pomeranians. I have other shedding tools but they don't quite do enough justice and I spend more time combing my dogs so I wanted to try something new. I got this tool on Monday and I tried it and it seemed to work really well. I still had to spend a little bit of time going through my dog's hair getting all the hair off. My dog's hair was really soft and shiny afterwards. So far I am pretty impressed. I would be more impressed if I didn't have to brush my dog's hair. But you know how that goes as a pet owner haha.
this definitely gets her attention but the bottle lasts for about 4 walks. Quite expensive for larger bottle!
Good for my dog's diet.
Would give 4.5 if possible! It's just perfect for our new place and our cat! Wobbles a little more than I imagined when she gets wild playing on it, but with the tension rod there's no chance of it tipping. Love!
but never received the pump part of the bottle
This water bowl for pets is great. It's really big so for us it lasts about a week or so.. The water gets gross at times but its not too bad to clean,
Seems good. But has very distinct smell. I am going to keep a close eye on this product as I have seen others complain that Amazon shipments are different than other sellers. Which is rather unsettling.
Does it brush well? Yes. Does the job of brushing my cat and dog. Can you actually get the hair out of the brush? Not really, I ended up using a fork to try and scrape off the hair or risk poking my fingers, trying to get the hair out.
Pros: + Stable, cats can't knock it over. + Rubber grips keep it from sliding around the floor + Good size, allows for a decent clump of grass Cons: - Green cover does not clip on and gets pushed up as the grass grows. If you plant a lot of seeds, like I did, it's impossible to keep down or to push the grass through the grate once it is off. - Would be better if it came with grass/soil but it's easy to find something here on Amazon.
Works great for my 10g shrimp/planted tank
Fits perfectly and seems to be made with good material. Easy to install and packs away nicely
Fleece fits great. My dog is just under 25lbs and a large fits snug but not too tight.
It works well, since my dogs neck is rather small it gets loose quickly and ends up activating when it is clipped on and when she is walking around, or scratching her neck. It was confusing to figure out the settings at first, but it's worked very well so far. It has been 2 days using the collar and there is a significant difference in how much she barks and whines when alone.
Works great but starting to lose some threads here and there it looks like.
Product worked as expected
Well I can't speak for the taste personally, but our tabby seems to like them. Yes, the frequency of fuzzy hairball appearances is much less.
Great overall, but would like something in the yellow to help keep food in better.
My 7.5 Lb kitten loves it! putting it together took me like 15/20 mins, but that just might be me
It's working well. I bought this unit to feed my fish for me while I was on vacation. It's so convenient I decided to leave it on. It will feed up to 4 times a day. I have a 55 gal tank with African Cichlids and I feed them small sinking pellets. In order to avoid dumping too much at once I just put all 4 feedings at the same time. They are separated by 1 minute intervals. The only thing I didn't care for was the way this attaches to the tank. It's kind of bulky and it's too long (would extend too far) to put it on the back of the tank (facing the front). You're pretty limited for mounting options. Ultimately, I had to take the hood off the hinges. I'll try to post pics later.
Gave it four stars because it's a little short in size.
My cat loved it....great value compared to retailers
This is a great deal! My cats loved the mats right away. I could feel the warmth when they got up to eat. The mats are washable ( which is why I bought this brand); however, they cannot go in the dryer ( because of the thermal lining). I wish it came with a fully removable cover, so it could go in the dryer. This is why I gave it 4/5 stars. Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
Has worked very well in maintaining our doggie's cataracts from getting worse. I do 2-3 drops a day. Gives her relief and comfort. I've ordered it twice now and will keep doing it! Thank you!
My 3 month old puppy loves this and i even ordered two to be able to rotate. Unfortunately, I've already thrown one away after about 10 days since she is swallowing the the little pieces she bits off. I've used regular scissors but they don't cut much off. This toy needs constant supervision and having a puppy requires a lot of trial and error to be able to find a good toy that will last longer then 2 weeks.
Good Light was a big help
Material is a little low quality and the size runs a bit small but its so cute!
has been working great
Have gone through several similar collars that just did not do as advertised. Our Australian Terrier knows this works. Thus it definitely has curtailed her barking. I seldom need to use it now so I would say that is a Major Plus. Easy to charge, and the vibration setting is all we have needed. Thank you for a product that works well.
I bought this for my dog who is about 6 pounds and so far he is tolerating being put in it. I on the other hand am thoroughly enjoying carrying around my little pup with me like a mother kangaroo. Also on a whim I decided to place my bigger dog who is maybe 15 pounds and weirdly enough he loved it! He fit into it perfectly, like a baby nestled comfortable in their mothers womb in month 7 of 9. The point is he wouldn't leave and I had to carry him around for a long time because he actually liked it. So overall it's pretty great and I'm looking forward to using it to protect my little dog from my brother's huge dogs over thanksgiving!
Perfecto! The original design for my python was sooo crappy, I mean.. PLASTIC THREADING IS NEVER A GOOD IDEA..
The assembly comes with screwing in screws at awkward angles such as inside the little hole space, but that aside I was very happy with this tree. I have two kittens who have played very aggressively on it and it was sturdy enough to hold. There is a slight wobble but it's so heavy on the bottom it doesn't move greatly or shift position.
I like to give this to my larger younger dog who is food obsessed so it takes him longer to eat. I most of his food in his bowl and then a half a cup in here to slow down his eating and give my older dog who is a slow eater time to finish his food. My biggest issues with it are that it is difficult to clean after crumbs and such build up and it frequently gets stuck under furniture because of its small size.
My bunnies love this hay and pellet combo, only this last batch seemed to have more yellow pieces than normal, I do have very bad allergies to this hay but its the best for my bunnies so i put up with it! highly recommend.
Blew one up by washing it with a couple towels. Read the tag which prescribed gentle machine wash, by itself. My bad.
Good product, I put peanut butter in it for my puppy to keep him busy while I do his nails and brush him. But puppy teeth are sharp and he's eating pieces of it. Def does not stand up to puppy teeth.
I love the look of the seat and it fits securely in my car. My dog can look out easily. The only complaint I have is that it is not easy to get the seatbelt through the opening. I dread having to remove this from my car and then put it back in for that reason. Otherwise, love!
I like it, but not exactly what fits our current needs!
The product quality is great. The fabric color is as shown. My only problem is the size. I ordered small my young boston terrier but it was too small. Gonna have to order medium for him. I have a male toy poodle mix and they fit perfect on him.
We've fed our dogs Newman's for roughly nine years. It is one of the two kinds we normally use and we think it provides them with good nutrition.
Updated review: I reordered this item, received a good one. Cat enjoyed it, did gain weight. This product does cause diarrhea. Weigh the risks with your vet. Maybe try adding pumpkin for fiber? YMMV. Item arrived without a lid and leaking all over the other items in my shipment. Having been unsealed and in the heat for at least two days, it's unusable and unsafe to feed my cat.
My dogs love this food. There coats look great and no more gas problems. We also loved the price.
well made works well if I can keep the pooch from removing them lol
This makes walking my 2yr Bullmastiff a breeze. One snap and he is ready to go.
Not full as I expected but my dog seems to still love it. I would've attempted to send it back but she got to it first and I couldn't take it from her.
Nice size for my border collie, but not wide enough for between the walls, made for a door. But works well and seems sturdy, for my dog and cat. The cat likes the clear plastic flap better than a smoky one.
This cat tree is really pretty and fits well in my one bedroom apartment. It was a bit of a headache to put together (but I guess that's a bit to be expected). My cat is a bit uninterested in it right now, but I suspect that before long she'll discover it (hah hah I think she's a bit fearful of it). I have a small 1 year old cat (probably not fully grown, maybe 10 lbs?? idk). It seems large enough for her, though the small pad on the side that she could theoretically use as a step to the next level looks like it might be too small (but maybe she'll figure out how to use it anyway). I can come back and leave more info later when she starts actually playing on the thing. Anyway, it's about what I expected from amazon (because the parts were all there and it didn't seem to be a knock-off of an original product lol). I still can't wrap my head around how expensive these things are given the materials are a bit cheap, but it appears steady enough. The fabric that was used is a nice blue color (exactly as pictured on amazon) and it's very soft. The specific things I would suggesting changing in this model are (1) make the board material a bit heavier/more substantial, (2) wrap the fabric covering all the way around the underside of the boards that are higher up because the top two levels underside can be seen when standing, and (3) make that small ledge a bit larger. Otherwise, the tree seems really great, and I think the cat will enjoy it.
It is alright. I like it better than not having anything and I think it does better than just having a rug, but I still have to sweep up a good amount of litter daily.
The dog loves it because he gets treats but 2 of the lids are so stiff that I can't even open them. Frustrating for both of us!
Used this product as my tortoises substrate for over a year. Worked very well for keeping her home humid and clean. Like how it doesn't attract bugs. We used regular soil for a while and it filled with little bugs. This coconut fiber does not attract bugs, it's great. We had to switch to hemp fiber as substrate because this stuff would get too dusty when it dried out and the dust was irritating our tortoise's nose/breathing. This is still a good product and it comes with a lot! The bricks expand like crazy. Good amount for the price, much cheaper than buying at a local pet store.
The leash works great for the purposes I needed it for. We have a detached backyard, so I have to put my dog on a leash to walk out the back door to get to the opening for the fence and this was a great option for that brief walk. I would not use this leash for walks though because it pretty flimsy and seems like my dog (55 lbs) could easily break it.
Its good and I don't have the fear of cutting too short now, very quiet too. My dog moves around a lot and this is a good alternative. The only downside is that it takes forever to file them down at a reasonable length.
This works fairly well, but requires daily checking. We follow all the directions that came with this product, and it still gets jammed about once a day, but we are using it with three cats.
This is a good quality training collar, we actually haven't really used it yet on our dog but our friends has this and it works great!
I add it to their wet food.
Seems very healthy, but I have to mix it with other wet food for my cats to eat it.
Works good. Keep it away from water. It's not made to submerged.
A bulb that works in conjunction with the zoo med bird light. This bulb provides the sunlight that your bird needs if he's kept in an area away from natural sunlight. Be sure to change it every year as per the directions. It might still light but the beneficial sunlight wears out over time. If your's is over a year old, you will notice the difference.
The algae remover pads work great. Still need to scrub a bit on sides of tank to get all the algae off but much easier then anything else I ever tried. The gloves were an added bonus. Fit a little large for me but length just perfect to reach all the way down to bottom of my 30 gallon tank
This actually fit my almost 4 lb Yorkie great. Looks just as picture shows. The only thing is she sinks in water. Doesn't keep her face above water. I hoping its because she still learning to swim with it.
Cute toy,but within 3 minutes 3 of 4 legs were gone. Cut off the fourth and the rest is very durable
I'm neautral about this buy bc my mastiff/rot mix puppy just didn't get it. She's since potty trained herself by just giving us a look or a couple whines by the door and we know it's time. This could be my error though since I see how this product has worked for so many people. I love the concept and even mentioned something like this before that would be a good idea to my husband. I think with the combination of having potty pads out, having the bells on the doors, and trying to rush her outside confused her with what she was actually supposed to do. Plus we are upstairs most of the time and with the entrance being on the 1st level we hung one set of bells upstairs and 1 on the main door, she just didn't quite get it. This is probably my fault and may not reflect the product so I only took off 1 star.
Mostly We like the temperature control and the timer control.
I loved this cage so much. The only problem with it was that our hamster could climb the walls and it escaped multiple times due to the looseness of the top. i figured it was because we had been shutting it wrong and i was right. So the only problem was with the hamster climbing the walls. Our hamster chews on the cage but the cage is strong enough to not break.
Came alot sooner then it was supposed to they usually last my dog a year or so but he runs and jumps and plays with other dog like every or every other day
My guy loves it. He couldn't wait to lay down in his new bed! I'm hoping it will hold up but so far so good!
Love it! Only problem is that the adjuster doesn't stay where you put it, so if my pup pulls on it, it loosens. Otherwise, great buy!
Wish the legs were metal and not plastic. Easily chewed through. Fits a large Doberman. Seems comfy. Good bed, great price but not so durable
Works as its intended..
My cats seem to enjoy this product... attached it to their cat tree and they play with it quite often seems to hold up well to their play as well.
It is slightly bigger than my car's back seat, but I'd prefer too big over too small. It has worked well so far. It is easy to remove and install as needed. It is a little hard for me to remove dog hair from it when I am cleaning it, but that is probably just me. I get sand and dirt off it easily and none of it gets on my car back seat, so I'm happy with it.
After buying several different cheaper water bottles for my daughter's Guinea Pigs in the search for a water bottle that would not leak, I finally broke down and ordered one of these. I am so glad I did! Great water bottle and so far, no more wet litter. The only thing that I'm not thrilled about is the included mounting option. It does work, just fine, but doesn't provide much flexibility. If this water bottle included a holder with more flexibility, it would be perfect. But, for now, I'm extremely happy with this No Drip water bottle.
I like it. It works well with my bigger dogs but I wish it would have been smaller leashes. I have 2 dogs under 6 pounds and it's too heavy for them.
Somedays she likes, other days, not so, cuz she is spoilt, but does like the pounce around.
Engraving was accurate and deep. It came with a collar link. Only complaint is how long it took to arrive. Ten days if I remember correctly.
My German Shepherd loves her new collar. Now she can show the other dogs in the neighborhood that she has style
I needed a slightly larger tank then I have been using and this one foot the bill
Purchased for my 15lb boston terrier. If she isn't in bed with me, she is in this! The heater works well. Only issue is the padding on tbe bottom inst super soft. I add in a fleece to make it softer.
Nice quality. Would give 5 stars if they were more affordable
I already see a difference in my dog's flaky dry spots. Doesn't affect his belly. Good product.
They are sticky but probably because of the heat -- they were in the mail box and we had high temps in AR
In short, if you are looking for a "clip-on" power filter, this is the one. Pros: extremely quiet, reliable biological filtration, water flow adjustment, leveling mechanism included. Cons: more expensive than the competition (worth every penny). Buy it. The long story is that I purchased a Marineland Penguin 200 at the big box pet store with my tank. I had trouble with it from the beginning, after much frustration and a lot of wasted money, I threw it out and replaced it with this Fluval C Power Filter. I completely regret not starting with the Fluval filter, because it is worth every extra dollar spent over the competition. This machine is as easy to assemble as any clip-on power filter, has a reliable biological filtration system, and is so quiet - I am still in disbelief. I can hardly hear it running. The water flow is also adjustable, which I find that my fish appreciate. There was one bizarre thing though. My filter arrived with all the parts, in a box, wrapped in plastic (so seemingly new), yet the filter components seemed like they had been used and then cleaned. I say this because there were seveal spots on the interior components of the filter that were smudged and dirty. I wiped my finger over it and the substance smeared off. I am not sure what that was about, but it seemed used. With that said, everything is running fine.
It seems to work pretty good so far. I've had to sprinkle in more than I anticipated, but so far I like the product and would recommend it!
Good bed, but the cover is a hair catcher. Yes, bed is great quality and easy to remove the slip cover for washing, but not something I want to do every day.. Water proof liner is good and not noisy. Only thing is I wish it came in a different cover material. This is a soft suede type material and the dog hair sticks to it. The color grey shows the hair too. Requires lots of hair removal type cleaning between washings. Maybe I will need to find something to cover for the bed. PS, I have an elder lab and bought a L. Size is perfect and she can stretch out her bad leg. She really likes this bed.
Larger than I thought more for dogs than cats
I bought this item to use for my dogs barking. The unit emits a high pitches sound that the dogs do not like. I have 3 dogs that bark when they see anything move outside. So far they have not grown accustomed to the sound and stop barking almost instantly. As long as this keeps working I will be a happy camper.
My kitty was trying to use this before I got it all the way attached. She loves it. Tip- use the sticky bits first to make sure you have the height right, then attach with the provided screws.
Simple, but works great. Only suggestion is for this big of a cup a handle would be helpful. Big hands required to grip cup and hard to rotate around. Simple cup handle would go a long way.....
Cute but hard to see on our dog with long hair.
stops barking sometimes
The seal is not great, but it works
I love this thing! My dog doesn't run away when I try to wash her feet. I'm only giving it 4 stars because I wish it was a little taller to get the whole "foot" part of her back feet (she gets mud all the way up to her ankle). So far I have only used water for rinsing and it does a good enough job, I have not used soap in it yet. I love it!
My Aussie is weird about bones. He likes to hide them and isn't interested until he's gotten the full taste or scent of one, almost like he has to get through to the inside to know how it tastes. He didn't chew on this for a day or so until I tossed it off the couch and accidentally broke it in half. Then he smelled the cheese and was obsessed with it. Took him several hours to get through about half the bone. He's passed out now from the job 😂 these are expensive but worth it when I want a break from him.
Not for use with bigger fish. Pull hoses and pop the suction cup regularly. Ended up pulling from tank
Excellent product! The harness stretches out over time...otherwise, would have given 5 starts. Very satisfied with my purchase. Great value!
Well made, but this is a very large bowl. it would be for a Labrador, Great Dane, etc..
Just wish all any cat tree came with extra rope so you can repair the shredded rope.
We recently did a trip with our 7lb Shih Tzu, we picked up a cheap version from Walmart and when we got home I ordered this for our next trip to the beach. I was a little concerned it was too small but she absolutely loves it. The vet is always telling me they don't need a lot of space bc they just sit and wait for our return. I do however keep her in the gated enclosure which I've also purchased from amazon for use at home. It's so easy to close up and compact for travel vs. the big heavy metal kennels. It's made really good and it was a great price. I def recommend. If you have a bigger dog or taller dog I would def recommend a bigger size but it's perfect for little ones and puppies.
Didn't take long to get my Great Dane to figure out how to use it. Only problem, she rings the bells just to go out, not necessarily just to go to the bathroom.
Seems to work dogs don't complain
I bought a small for my fur baby because her girth measured at a 13, however this was the wrong decision. Upon measuring the dress I discovered that it is larger than stated. I measured from the snaps so that the Hem would not throw off my measurements. The neck was 11", the back was 12", and the lowest snap(which has two on there for better adjustment) was 15" and 16". I have ordered an XS and will post an update on it. Other than the size being off it was very cute and very sturdy feeling.
The fabric was softer than I expected which I really love but the instructions to build could be clearer.
Some of the reviews mention the kennel only comes with plastic nuts and bolts. The nuts are plastic but the bolts are metallic. The nuts molding quality is not great so the bolt's thread does not engage properly in some of them and they cannot be tightened. They supply about 5 spare nuts and bolts so you eventually find enough pairs that work together to assemble the kennel. It is easy to assemble but I only give it 3 stars because at this price you'd expect higher quality fasteners that work right first time.
Certainly gets the job done but extremely difficult to store and very bulky. Scratched up my wood floors and walls. Should be used more in an outdoor setting I'd say.
I buy other generic pads on here for my tidy cat system. They were out of stock, so I tried these. They don't absorb as well as the other ones, but it's good for now
Love that it can go in and outdoor. Love it's roomy size and open or close top. The pink stains if poop gets on it. My puppy missed his pad and poop got on the vinyl.
My puppy loves these and better for him
I liked this harness but my puppy unfortunately chewed through it. The leash could be a but longer.
The ramp was very helpful but for big dogs like ours it would work better if it was a little wider.
I like these very much! The thing I didn't love is they are not wet enough to my liking!
Mealworms crawl up behind the screen and hide
I think this product is doing what it is supposed to do. It was recommended by my Vet and after a few days, My dog stopped having the loose stools and has not had any problems since.
Very clean and modern dog bowl holder. Works best for small dogs or cats. Wouldn't buy until after puppies or cats go through their chewing faze because our puppies chewed up the sides
This seemed to help calm our Weimaraner when we took her to the beach house. Previously she would walk the house all night since it was a strange location, but with this on our first night with it, she slept the whole night though.
This product is really good, works great with my dog who is a puller, the only thing I wish is that the leash held its elasticity a touch better but for how much use it's gotten and the price it's pretty awesome.
What can I say? I ordered a product similar to this, however it was a wicked red. Once I had applied the previous dye, he turned hot pink. I wanted the color to fade or at least turn red. So I purchased this Hot Red dye in hopes of his red coloring to start showing more. It worked better in other parts of his body but in some it still looked semi pink. Overall, it was a super fun experience. Everywhere I go people ask what kind of dog he is and admire him. I have attached photos of his natural color (Blue Eyed White Shih Tzu - 4 months 3 lbs Shih Tzu male). I also attached photos of the wicked red dye results and lastly, the hot red!
The black color already broke inside, the wire was snapped in half. Although I really like the set and the controller. We are still using the orange collar and it works great.
Really small then as I expected but still good!
These worked perfectly for us
I like the color, container, water bottle. The durability of the tray could be stronger.
fast n gone the fleas were bout 24 hrs fr full results would highly recommend helped my 2 dogs thanks
Foster Kittens love this thing. Scratch on it all the time. They tore that mouse off within two days and the black felt on the top went as well. They still use it. Just wish the mouse had held up better
This came really late but right after I set it down after unpacking it, Oreo jumped right on it and had a blast!
Good for the price but I can't give it 5 stars just because my pit did in fact shred them almost immediately. BUT the strands don't fray horribly when it's torn up.
Doesn't stick to my door and ripped the paint off my wall.
Great price! Cheaper than the pet store for a small piece of plastic, I would think that the large size would be a little bigger but no matter I will buy another one maybe! Love the price though and my dragon likes to climb it.
The bags are good value for the money. The only challenge is that they are hard to get out of the box without pulling out many at once
Love the crate. Would have gotten 5 stars, however we received it and one of the sliding locks doesn't line up so it can be tricky to lock.
I'm comfortable with the Burt's Bees brand. I'm a little disappointed in it tho. Does not seem to clean that well
If you have cats that are messy eaters, consider getting a more traditional food bowl. Other than that, these bowls are easy to clean and don't take up a lot of room. They do come with an annoying plastic sticker in the middle of them. Be prepared for that.
LOVE it!!!! So easy to put together and it is nicely made. It was a few days behind schedule, but I was compensated for the inconvenience. Normally I wouldn't mind, but it was our doxies birthday gift. Other than that, it's perfect!
Love being able to see my pups and give them a treat while st work. Works well just wish there wasn't so much of a lag time.
Got this product for times when a purchased fish is ill to guard against a tank loss.
Really cute! High quality
My bunny loves this hay, she will even go into the box and pull it out. I would recommend this product for your pets. However, I do need to chop it up into smaller pieces to fit into my bunnies food dish.
I bought this for my little chihuahua. How ever the item is half the size he is. Way to big for him. I gave it to my mom for my 4 legged yorkie brother and seems to do the job. Arrived quick and looks exactly as pictured. Just wish it was smaller for my dog..
LOVE the look and quality. Only reason I didn't give 5 *'s is because it is a bit messy sliding the tray out to clean. My youngest has a challenging time when it's his week to clean the cage. Overall, great product!
Wonderfully thick and soft. I Rested on it to check the thickness and it is nicer than my own bed! My Dog loves this bed and it fits nicely in her large kennel. It was nice while it lasted. She decided to rip it up. Sadly It is too pricey to purchase again.
1 out of 2 are still in service. I ended up breaking one of them when trying to replace the tubing.
Fits almost perfect, could be a little more snug. Easy to just slip on. Makes the crate look so much nicer too!
Really helped my dog with her random aggression to my other dog. Stopped all the dog fights!
This seemed to work some, but I had to trick my cat into eating them. She didn't like something about the way they smelled. More expensive that I think they were worth, so I probably won't get them again. I didn't see enough of an effect to make it worth it. It helped to mix it with her food, and I was able to break the treats up so they could get mixed in.
Would definitely be 5 stars as they do what they're supposed to, my only issue is that the Velcro is starting to come off on one of them. Other than that these work great!
Nice and sharp. Quality clippers made in Italy.
Bought an xs for my chihuahua puppy. Fits a little large on her, but I just roll up the sleeves a little. I like that it gives her room to grow. Looks really cute!
I have an Aussie mix who will have stomach issues with sometimes just the slightest change of food. I've been giving him the Wag wild boar flavor for about 6 months now, and he's had very few issues since. There was the expected transition period hurdle, but that only lasted about a day or two. The only negative is he doesn't seem thrilled with the flavor - I would often have to call him over to eat, and he would sort of trudge over... eventually. However I recently discovered that he will gobble down the whole bowl if I just put a little bit of wet food (the extra-wet kind that looks like "human" stew) on top. So we seem to have found a winning combo there.
I have no issues with this product. It does run on triple a batteries, but it has not needed battery replacement since I got it. It does not drain batteries in one use. It is good quality product for a low price. My only issue was that standard shipping did take about 6-8 weeks.
Harness is easy to put on. Is very soft. Easy to control dog with the harness and no longer do they get choked with a regular collar.
Ordered for ease of placing on our dog, seems comfortable for him and so far, no issues.
I have used this product before not from this seller or even from Amazon. It almost killed my dog. I did not follow directions as well as I should have and she was able to eat some of the powder. I had to rush her to the vet for emergency care. If I had not gotten her to the vet in a timely manner she would have bleed to death from internal bleeding. Be VERY careful and follow all directions exactly. This does kill the fleas and any other bugs that hop or crawl in your house. Amazing results.
Smaller than I anticipated but I also didn't bother reading the description. I'll continue to purchase these types through Dollar tree.
Nice stroller but kinda cheaply made with the zipper. Dont think it will last long.
Looks like really good healthy food but my cats are once & then turned noses up & left it in bowls. I donated the rest. Bummed because I wanted to give them better quality food which this is.
Love this. We have a 4lb miniature Aussie-Poo and it's perfect size. We are glad we went with the bigger size because gives her room to play and a place for her bed. Only bad thing is it has a horrible odor from the plastic.
We have a little Chihuahua & we ordered, according to the measurement chart. Too big BUT we still use it cuz it keep our little baby warm. We just put it over, another sweater for extra warmth.
Good quality. The top round piece is a bit wobbly, but other than that it's perfect!
Bearded dragon loved this food
This did slow my Bloodhound down a fraction of a second; she swallows everything whole!
These are fine bandanas, however I read other reviews stating that these were used on larger dogs (and some of the same breed I was shopping for), and there is NO way these will fit a very large dog. I have a small Labrador Retriever (65 lbs) for a lab she is small, IF I used a safety pin it would be extremely tight. Not safe or comfortable. The quality of these looks great, but the size is meant for smaller breeds, just keep that in mind and you will be fine. Luckily my son has a small dog, and they look perfect on her.
My dog is just getting use to her bed. It's a firm mattress. Nice to look at. Haven't had it long enough to wash just yet. My dog is still getting use to it.
I used this product as the entrance opening to the hidden kitty litter box that I made from an old baker's rack.
I like this as it's natural, it clumps but it takes a little longer to sift through the scooper. It's messy too as it is lighter and the cats can track it out of the box more than regular litter. I'm happy to have something more natural though.
Seems to work, we have 3 different brands in the back yard. Our neighbors have 3 dogs that bark all day and all night. The first one we bought helped but didn't stop it. This is the 2nd one we got and they have to bark louder to set it off but it bothers them more when it does trigger it. When it goes it bothers them much more and stop barking. The third one we bought was a plug in kind and between the 3 of them we get much more peace and quiet on the back deck
I love these wraps. The material is good quality and they look nice. The snaps work great but can be a bit tricky with an active puppy/dog.
There is no handle above the door In my new F250 to secure the side panels My dog still made it on a front seat
My dog loved it!!! I recommend you buy it but the stamps are uncomfortable and come loose easily other wise it's a great product!
Dog Bath Towel arrived as expected Pros: -Dries. Towel was able to dry well. I dried my dog with another towel first and used this towel as a final drying towel. -Dries quickly. After drying my dog, I hung this towel to dry and it dried overnight. -Soft. Towel is made of soft material. Pleasant to touch Cons: Didn't see any
Dose the job at a good price point
Worked great & did it's job. We have two large dogs and they respected the boundary. Could have been easier to put together.
one cat like it, one did not care, but one eat it good
I needed a travel transport cage for two parakeets - the water and food container are very tiny - this tiny cage should ONLY be used as a TRANSPORT cage because it is way too small for a parakeet or finch to live in on a regular basis. A bird should be able to at least make a short, brief flight in the cage, this is NOT possible in this tiny cage. To secure the metal portion to the bottom tray of the cage, I used small zip ties to prevent the two sections from comming apart while we are traveling. In addition, parakeets naturally live in huge flocks in Australia and keeping a parakeet single, alone is animal cruelty.
These are sturdy steps that are cloth not metal so no worry of a nail getting caught. After a couple of tries our dog Ebony, an 80 pound Black Lab had no problems going up or down from the Tahoe! Only complaint is one or two of the rubber ends were off and we couldn't get back on. All in all a very good purchase.
I love the retractable leash! It's so much easier on my hands, and my male lab rarely gets tangled anymore. It's very easy to use; I love taking my dog on walks now. The collapsible water dish is cute but it's very tiny! About the size of my palm.
I like this scooper so much that I bought it again when the one I bought about eight months ago broke (snapped at the handle). The scooper works very well at sifting smaller particles, something that most sifters do not. The only thing wrong with this item is what is usually wrong with some things that have been engineered correctly: The load bearing part is usually made so poorly that it breaks. I have reinforced the handle with gorilla tape in hopes that this will keep the handle from snapping off. I am crossing my fingers and hoping for the best.
The shampoo works well for my golden retriever/chow mix. She suffers from skin allergies and this does a great job at alleviating her skin during flare ups. I only gave it 4 stars because I don't like the dispenser. The bottle is pretty thick, so it's hard to squeeze, and the opening is very small. So I struggle with getting enough shampoo out, especially with wet hands. I don't love the smell (like a black licorice smell), but that's just personal preference. It's not over-powering and doesn't linger past once she's fully dried off.
It fit my fish tank filter very well!
Good but a little slick. the fold away is genius!!
That is what I use for so many years
It's great to have these pads. Since my dogs are house trained clean-up is a snap. Will keep purchasing until price increases. Four Stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️!!
large pan!! fit great where I needed it to.
Cats love playing with them. Put additional catnip on them to keep them interested. Fun to find them about the house.
The bowl works well for our Giant Schnauzer. Her beard gets soaked when drinking from ordinary bowls. While this is not a 100% fix (we still have to wipe her face off to avoid a mess on the floor) the surface area of water that her beard comes into contact with has been significantly reduced which does make less of a mess. Like other reviewers have mentioned the bowl is EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO OPEN. I have to use a butter knife, patience, and about 10 mins to get the bowl open for cleaning. I'm hoping that over time it will get easier to open. Overall it's a great bowl for messy drinkers.
a little big but nice material
Seems to be working but i will still have to fog the house
Working good with my puppy. Healthy ; have tried many and this one is a keeper.
It's pretty expensive for a simple design, but it's really sturdy and useful. I wish they sold a full plastic model so I didn't have to spend so much. Most bags are easy to load, but hard to come by in California, so you kind of have to spend the $10 on their bags every 2-3 months. Unless you find cheeper ones online/hoard grocery store bags before they were banned.
Great bed I have a dachshund and he's always cold he loves curling up inside it.
Seems to work for reducing vomiting/hairballs - but man. The bowel movements of my cats have turned toxic! Gotta open the windows!
My cat loves it. I've had it for three years and it's her go-to spot during winter. Sometimes I'm jealous of how much she uses it over snuggling next to me! It's easy to wash too. The only defect it has is it stays warm all the time vs only when she's using it. So I unplug it when not in use.
Collar came with a (imitation?) cobra buckle instead of the plastic side-release buckle as pictured.
Too big and it's the smallest one but otherwise good.
Pro: product is good quality; seems to slow down dog's eating; Cons: might not have noticed the feet gripper pieces were not already on the bowl. Might have thrown the box out without realizing.
We have a tiny parakeet and at first this bird intimidated him because it is bigger than he is
I like the way this dispenser attaches to the leash, it can easily be removed and attached to another leash when needed. Bags are strong and of ample size. I will purchase again.
The crate is good for the price. It is sturdy and provides enough room for the puppy. We were excited for the divider to have one spot for sleeping and the other for toileting, but the divider did not fit the crate appropriately. Overall this is a noce crate for the price and is safe for the puppy to rest comfortably in.
Easy to attach directly to my leash handle. Easy to pull out. Great product.
Carlos seemed to enjoy it... I can't wait to show him off in it.. So funny... Carlos is 11 pounds. Large fit him perfectly. (He's got those thick thighs) I like him front facing..I can make sure he is comfy and I can see people's reactions. He has been on my scooter in his carrier to ride to a park... Had his paws on handlebars like he was driving. He loved it.
I like this scooper. It's easy to use and works well. The only negative in my opinion is it's too small. I have to use 2 or 3 bags every time I clean the cat box. Other than that, I think it's a really good product.
Very hard to get clean. And hard to get hung up. But the rats enjoyed it
This item arrived quickly, which I really appreciate and the price was great. The sweater is soft, pretty well made and cute. Unfortunately it's a bit too big for my 11 1/2 lb pooch, but maybe a wash will shrink it up a bit so she can wear it inside this winter, otherwise I'll probably sew it a bit smaller to fit her.
Scoop is nice and heavy...quickly finishes job; less one star because size makes it tricky to.use with Litter Genie. So it is a double-edged sword...scoops quickly but size hinders disposal of used litter.
The leash seems to be made good and a good price here.
the ears didnt fit our big dog
Worked at first on my neighbor's annoying barkers, but the battery dies quickly, and then they got used to barking again!
As noted in at least one other review product arrived with no top. When I have purchased this product in a pet store it has always had a top on it. This is my favorite aroma of the other colognes in this product line; last only a day or so which is disappointing.
This seems to be working! My cat was instantly attracted to it and since we got it, it has not went outside of the litter box!
Just as described. Using now, will update in two weeks
The product is light weight. Cheap foam on the inside but that's not an issue. Come with a slot for only one pair of clippers but you can easily cut another slot into the foam. Overall the case if perfect for travel. I wouldn't recommend for a barber but for personal use due to the small space for Clippers.
I received this today; our dog was hit by a car last month and somehow survived despite head injuries, very lucky. We live in the woods and brush/trees often conceal his whereabouts. This solves that issue, plus a full fence will be going up on our property soon! Although as you can see by the pic he is less than thrilled with wearing it (won't look at me!) I am relieved to have something to make him more visible when we are hiking and also on our property/extra visibility if he does escape towards the road again. It's probably my computer monitor that makes the listing pic look like the vest is simply a yellow orange...it is much more vivid in real life. This thing is BRIGHT. It is true hunter's *neon* orange, and as you can see from the pics attached, the reflective straps are VERY reflective (that's just my cell camera flash in a lighted room). If you are looking for a fashion accessory for your pooch, this is something out of a hunting catalogue not Doggie Vogue but visibility is exactly what I was after. Our dog is about 60 lbs, Border Collie/Springer Spaniel mix, a little on the barrel-chested side...he measures about 33" circumference at the widest spot on his rib cage and a size L fits him perfectly with plenty of room to adjust the straps. I could easily cut the excess strap off but there is about 4" extra around his neck and about 3" extra strap at his waist. So far it appears very well made yet the fabric is nice and light...and as someone whose dog goes nuts listening to crinkly fabric, I can say that this is not crinkly or loud at all. In fact he is now fast asleep wearing it indoors. I'll update the review with wear and tear feedback once we've had it for a few weeks.
Maggie likes them and as long as she eats it I will buy for her. I bought the medium size and large. Large is a better fit.
Bottom of bag was ripped but no cat food spilled.
Gets rid of red algae very well, and kills it fast. The only thing is, once everything is dead, you still have to clean everything off. It does NOT clean it off the glass.
Great litter, very happy with it. Excellent smell control...I have 2 indoor cats, and they took to it right away, preferring it over the crystal litter in another box. I was remiss in cleaning the last 1-2 days....(bad)...scooped tonight and 2 things came to mind: one, it did not smell...no offensive odor, even with a somewhat neglected litterbox... Two, this was in addition to the fact that the litter volume was low, less than 2 inches....still clumped nicely, scooped easily. We use a DIY litter box, a black storage tub, from home depot(the ones with yellow lid),works great, especially for our stand up and pee guy. I've had cats forever, and have tried many different litters. The crystal litters(amazing cat litter) works great, but my cats seem to not cover the poo, and then it smells for awhile. Right now they both prefer this litter, so will be using this going forward. Plus it's available at our grocery store, in addition to amazon etc.
Really love this but the only draw back is that it's easy to waste water since you can't put it back, you gotta dump it out.
Cute, but the chest area was too tight!
That my kitty liked each one.
The "toothbrush" is not working for us as I had hoped. My boxer likes it and will toss it around a bit to play, and will chew on it a bit and lick it when I put dog toothpaste or peanut butter on it His front teeth get a workout..but not the ones in the back. Some of the paste stays in the ridges and is hard to clean out. As far as I am concerned it is an expensive, chew toy. ..not the miracle toothbrush that it is advertised as.
It doesn't work as well on my dogs hard nails as I was hoping but all else was what was advertised.
I have a GSD, and a Border Collie, both average size for their breeds. I bought this with my GSD in mind, since he's bigger. They both love it. HOWEVER if you have a dog around the size of a German Shepherd, and it likes to lay stretched out, then go Jumbo. NOTE: I was able to wash this on Gentle Cycle (No Dryer) when it arrived without damage. THE INSTRUCTIONS IN NO WAY SAY TO DO THIS. THIS IS A HAND CLEAN PRODUCT. I will most likely be doing this by hand in the future, however coming from where ever it was, I wanted to cover my bases.
If you have a small dog, not a toy size this is perfect, its a lot of collar but you will be able to see him in the dark
just got it yesterday and used it for the first time. I think i am going to love it it will make making both by myself so much easier. It is paired with my dogs freedom harnesses...so far so good! i saw an immediate difference in our newest dog that likes to pull he seemed to be calmer...previously he was a 10/10 for pulling yesterday when he was calm and not distracted he was a 5/10 so it helped a lot! . Fingers crossed it can take his pulling.
Love everything abit this vest, the price, the fleece inside,the secure D rings,the sturdy zipper, material quality overall. Size up! My shih tzu is 16 lbs and the large was perfect. Also I wish it were red and black( to match the black trimming, ..plz make this happen! Thanks) check instead of red and navy. I highly recommend this vest.
This pet bed is of good quality and very cozy. My dog liked it and he liked that he could see out the window, however I found it a bit too small for my mini dachshund to curl up comfortably in (given he is longer!) so I had to return it.
I like the leash I thought the leash was all black but the one I was sent has the reflective lines through it.
Needed this for a turtle pond it works well and is easy to read
Works great but you go through the pads fast. I bought extra when I picked up the role figure that was the case. Beside that you can't beat the quick fix this does when your in a hurry.
This is exactly like described. BUT, I didn't do the math to figure out how STEEP the ramp is. It is sturdy and the traction will file our Daisy dogs nails. I think we're going to adjust it by placing a 2x4 brace under the lower edge and middle support to make the angle not so steep. Daisy will only put her front paws on it.
And they have mostly survived for over a week.
They are perfect for traveling. They do need to air out for a few days before to get the chemical smell out of the cot. Otherwise, happy with the purchase.
The slim style of this toothbrush makes it so much easier to brush the dog's teeth and get to the back of the pup's mouth. I only wish the bristles were a bit higher so that the toothbrush would have more cleaning power. Combined with a doggie mouthwash, this duo makes the job of dental hygiene so much easier.
Helps slow down my 1 year dog for eating so fast! It's spread out far enough to make her think of what area to eat next. It is a big longer then i intended for it to be but still works great
Good fit but a little hard to adjust with a growing lab. I've had a lot of people ask where I got it from.
These pills are a bit too hard.
Had purchased a different nylabone product that our German shepherd puppy LOVED. These not so much. There is absolutely nothing wrong with these. He just doesn't seem to like them. Go figure...
Oh my where to start. I have a beautiful large Siamese Manx who I thought would look adorable in a pink sweater. I bought a size large because she weighs 13 pounds minus a tail. She is rather longish and after reading the other reviews I estimated that the sweater would be more of a cropped look. After convincing her to let me put the sweater on her, hilarity ensued. Suddenly her back legs stopped working and she proceeded to dramatically drag herself across the floor. She was not in any pain and the sweater was no where near her legs as it only reached halfway along her back. She escaped to the bedroom and quickly removed her brand new sweater. The sweater will be regifted like her $65 heated cat house she refused to use. Price of cat sweater around $13 ( sweater is well made and the pink color very cute) Bout of hysterical laughter watching cat over act priceless Can only recommend to pet owners of animals who actually like to wear outfits. If your cat is picky like mine save your money.
Items came quickly and look nice. Was hoping for actual engrave, but they're laser etched. Not bad, just not as nice.
It's kind of bulky and an obnoxious color but it keeps my dog afloat and it's easy to put on her. I liked the double handles to direct and/or lift the dog and the velcro strap on the bottom.
Will keep you updated. So far I tried it on my bulldog and it's a solid build, -1 star for the hand grip. Too small and when my dog pulled me. Man. It circulated my wrist.
Pretty good quality and well made for the price. Got a size a Medium for my almost 19 lbs cat, it's a bit snug but the Large was too big so I'm keeping it. It's a lot better than other harnesses I've tried on him.
Came more on the brown side then green, but does seem to be bouncing back..
Nice brush, except the dog really doesn't like it
I been buying this for my puppy since i got him. I have it set up to auto ship out every month. My dog absolutely loves the flavor. It always arrives very well packaged and on time. Been buying their product for over 6 months easily.
These seem really lightweight and my miniature dachshund does not seem to mind if your dog is mail you may have to tack up the underside. But he looks adorable and I'm glad I purchased them
This collar is really heavy duty. I actually bought it to keep my dog safe from the neighbors aggresive dog while he is on walks. However I only gave it four stars because after seeing how heavy duty the hardware was I was dissapointed that the collar could not be purchased in genuine leather. And also it needs one more hole. The spikes on mine were not rounded off and very sharp too and I have to remind myself to take it off before we play because its drawn blood a couple times but it doesnt bother me much. Other than these things which seem more so like personal preferences at no fault of the collar itself I can say that I really love this collar so far and its well worth what was spent. I may update later to see how it holds up.
Its great and cats love it, but doesn't stay on but a minute or so.
heard that this works miracles for chewing, pup only really cares for it if theres something to eat inside other then that seems fine
I thought i was ordering ONE lanyard and received 12. I'm not sending them back because its not worth it to me. The pictures I provided show the "ad". Nowhere does it say multiple lanyards. The one selected says "single nylon". I took that to mean ONE.
Packable and convenient. Dogs can still chew the plastic.
It works as advertised. Lights up my 30 gal pretty well. Dose not seem like it will last more than a few months but so far its pretty good and very worth the money. I do wish it had a way to turn it on or off without the remote. Also the remote needs an un-obstructed shot at the receiver, near the plug, so you can't just point it towards your tank, beam will not go through the water.
Muy little cat looks amazing on her collar. It is nice and the colors are great.
Leather is nice and soft; buckles are sturdy
A little tight on my German shepherd with the xxl. So make sure you size your dog up good.
Tried this toy to see if my dog would use/play with it. Toys are not her thing, but she looks for treats now and then.
Great for slick haired dogs that shed a lot. My rottweiler sheds so much hair around the house and I immediately tried the brush when I opened the ups package and just within one stroke dead skin cells and loose hair got easily picked up by the fine teeth of the comb. No other brush I've bought has worked for my dog until this one. Very pleased customer.
My blue healer is VERY anxious. This has helped slightly, but not sure enough to warrant purchasing again.
Bought this for my dog who is not a fan of thunderstorms. The treats are pretty smelly and he wasn't overly excited about them at first, but after with a little coaxing, he took them. He still gets a bit nervous when it's storming, but they do seem to mellow him out. I would purchase again.
They don't have a size for daschund breed, I'm having my altered by a professional seamstress. Much too short, otherwise well made and good material. Easy to put on yourself and the puppy.
A little snug for my 15 lb. Pomeranian, but he doesn't seem to mind it sitting up. He is hesitant to lie down in it but will if I tell him to. The backpack itself is not heavy, so the weight is bearable with a pet inside. But the bottom digs into my lower back and makes it really difficult to walk more than a few steps - I'm trying to see if I can add some padding to the outside of it so the discomfort isn't too distracting. Otherwise, I thinks it's pretty cute and a good investment if you travel a lot with your pet.
Very well made, but its a little to short for a 2016 ram crew cab back seat.
It looks like it should work but my dog did nothing with it
Liked that the product is well made and easy to use
I can't rate you on durability because I've only had it a few days.
It fits well and is comfortable for my dog. I have a shih tzu and needed a large to fit him.
Kong toys are great for my powerful chewer
Great product, IT DOES leave my Yorkie with silky, soft hair, the dog gets a different look, a more classy look after applying the shampoo. I am happy with this product. Why 4 stars? Because when I first opened it and poured in my hands to rub into the dog I felt it was very thin or even watered down but that's just my speculation. Again, the product is GREAT and YES, I will buy again.
The pup loves them but usually devours them in like 10 minutes
Wish I would have gotten this years ago. My small/medium dog and one of my cats use it all the time. My only complaint is that it doesn't line up worth my door well. My door is larger than the I sent so when I shut it it doesn't fit all the way and won't lock.
Love the variety and pups seem to enjoy!
It was smaller than I expected. It came with one corner broken off. I quickly notified Amazon and was sent another right away. The second one showed up with a chipped corner but I didn't bother to try to request another one because this is for my aquatic turtle tank and I knew he could not hurt himself on it. By reading other reviews I wasn't surprised that it was lighter than I thought but when placed under water, my turtle can move it around much more than I thought he could. I'll have to see in time if this is a pro or a con. I am concerned about the paint under it since other customers who used these in water said it began to flake off. I'll keep a close eye on it. But, so far so good, my turtle likes climbing on it and standing on it.
We adopted a 65lb Husky/Pit mix from a local shelter last year and she has separation anxiety. She has torn huge holes in the drywall, torn up all of the blinds and curtains, chewed on just about every door frame in the house, chewed off the window seals, chewed around the windows on the walls, and chewed the round part off the top of my steps. She had destroyed all of the cages we purchased. We even put the hard plastic crate inside the wire crate and she got out within hours. This was my last hope. I read all of the reviews before I purchased this crate because of the price; I have seen what she can do no matter what the manufacturer says. We have had it almost a week and so far so good. She still tries all of her antics that she used with the other crates but to no avail! She has scratched off some of the paint but there are no dints and no bends. When the wheels are locked she can't move the crate. (My 5 year old has even hooked his skateboard to it like a bungee cord and it doesn't move LOL) This one has finally tamed the beast. She settles down after about an hour. We have a lot more peace around the house and I don't have to worry about what I am coming home to now. I did buy the small travel locks for the door latches so she can't open them.
a bit dusty, but doesn't smell bad!
Dogs seem to like them, and are nice and squishy
Two of the four cats enjoy it a lot. Only reason I dropped it to 4 stars instead of 5 is because the wood digs into the drywall. It's plenty sturdy with being mounted into the studs, though.
I was hoping they were larger, but the kittens are happy with them. They do lose them under furniture.
I got this to put upstairs so the cats don't have to go into the basement every time they have to go. I do notice if I have a couple inches of litter its a little difficult for my kitties to get in and out of and they are small cats. They both use it.
Lasted longer then most but still got shredded.
Not bad, pretty efficient when you replace the pad the it comes with, with filter floss. I have a 7.5 gallon planted cube and this thing is a lot bigger than I thought. Takes up a lot of space in the back corner of my tank. But I don't plan on leaving this in the tank all the time. I'm only going to use it when start to see a light film on the water surface. It's not asthetically pleasing, but that's just personal preference. Overall, it's a good affordable product that does what it's supposed to do. I wouldn't use it for anything bigger than a 15 gallon tank though. Pros: - works as intended - quiet - clear housing, so you can see what has accumulated inside without having to take it apart. - easy setup and maintenance - adjustable flow rate Cons: - filter pad needs to be replaced (not a deal breaker) - not asthetically pleasing in nano planted tank - the wire is a little short - the plastic material doesn't feel as durable as other brands, so I would handle with care during maintenance. But only time will tell if can hold up.
Love the gate. However after putting it in place we noticed it was broken on the lower part of one panel. Too late to return as we had discarded packaging. We were able to brace it, but ruined it's appearance.
Works pretty well with my dog to inhibit pulling while walking, but does not completely deter. The plastic prong covers slip off pretty easily and I have already lost about four of them while on walks with my rottweiler. Overall pretty happy with this product.
I got it to start my tank cycle. can't say its done much, but i also don't know what I'm doing. I wanted to replace my HOB with it (hob was super loud) I found a way to quiet the HOB and now I just use both. Works well for my 75 gallon. The downfall is the BRIGHT neon green piping. I have a natural, live plant tank and this sticks out SO bad.
My cats love this stuff. just wish it wasnt so expensive.
the only problem I had with this collar was that the clasp sometimes comes open. the collar does not come off however. I like that the front breakaway clasps are not as easy to break out of as the usual. one play, and my younger cat was out of the others. this one stays on. light. they hold up well to usual cat behaviors such as scratching and playing
I really like this seat, my dog sits well in it. The only thing I would change are the side rails
I added two pieces of 2 in. Velcro next to the existing ones, the fit on my dog is that much better. Small neck with large chest. Very happy with purchase!!!
Great bang for your buck and they seem to last longer than another brand I had used for years.....and my dog is a very heavy chewer. I just wish they were a bit thicker. It's not that they are paper thin, they have an adequate thickness and the chips are large and rather uniform in their size. I would definitely recommend these.
I got these boots for walking my dog in a largely suburban neighborhood without sidewalks, where the biggest problem in winter is road salt. They have worked perfectly for that job. They go on and off easily, and stay on very well. I haven't challenged them with play in deep snow, but I would expect them to be good for that as well. I also expect to use them in spring, when the problem is mud, and in summer where the problem is hot road surface. As soon as I saw how they were working for me, I immediately ordered a second set, so that if for any reason I had a problem with one boot, I would have a replacement on hand.
The collar itself looked great. But the nameplate lettering doesn't look at all like the picture shown.
It's very large. Larger than I thought it would be. My dog weighs 100lbs and built like a Irish Setter and it is too big for him. Better too big than too small though. It's also much stiffer than I thought, but I think it will hold up longer than his last bed. It took him a little bit to get used to it, maybe because it smelled new. He seems to like it now.
If you have a dog who gets bored quickly with their toys, this is a good purchase. However like most rope toys they are not indestructible.
I couldn't figure out how to pick the colors exactly (May have been my fault but I really couldn't) and ended up with two different colored ones
Pretty sturdy football. My 7 month old Rottweiler puppy likes it. It wasn't his favorite toy, but he did break the squeaker within a few days. The ball as a whole is still in tact though.
I like the reflective strip in the front, but when it's opened wider in the front to accommodate a larger dog, it doesn't seem as comfortable for the dog. The side of the strap that lies against the chest has exposed Velcro that can rub.
Delivery takes some time but I've never experienced any problems with the product.... My dog loves these! One stick seems to last her about 1 week
This is the ONLY thing that's helped me cut my dog's gulping down, so thank you! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the little tab that you detach it from the bowl with broke off after a very short time. Still usable, but difficult to get out of the bowl once you've got it suctioned down tight enough to keep your dog from popping It off.
It's a fairly simple product -- peanuts for your outdoor friends. They have a nice soft shell and the lil varmints eat them on the spot!! The only thing that I wish was different were that they came in 2 separate bags of 25 lbs. each. Rather than one HUGE bag of 50 lbs....but the price is worth the minor issue.
Strong chemical smell. Eventually went away after month or so. Very cheaply made. Basic PVC tubing to connect together. I placed a soft blanket for my cat. He wasn't impressed. But eventually has adjusted. For the price and what I wanted, price was fair. Occasionally I have to readjust a suction cup that comes undone from window.
Really like the convenience. Wish it could be stacked with the larger one on top. Second purchase - the slot holding one of the castors broke on our first set . . . but liked it enough to give it another chance.
Seems to help anxiety for both dog and my cat. Helped my dog with a long car trip.
At first my dog smelled it and did not want anything to do with it. He is a beagle, I believe the smell of this gave him no interest. My dog finally chewed it however I had to mash the actual calming bites. i struggled to give it to him but this product had him in bed not shaking from fireworks.
The bags are kinda small and will tear when trying to pick up the doo, especially a soft doo.
There were no whistles anywhere! We had have one so I was so pleased to have found this one and it worked just as it should have! Thank you for making these whistles.
I currently have four dogs that love to chew. They did enjoy these, however, I wish they had been able to last a little longer (3 of my dogs are over 50 lbs). But overall, a good product and would buy again.
This product didn't quite work with the type of windowsill I have an the screws an anchors were not very stout. But I got it to work an it holds up well. My cats love it!
These collars are so cute! However, they stretch very easily and as a result my cats are constantly taking them off or getting their front legs tangled in the collar.
The very only kibble my allergy dog can have. I cook for her but for the times when I have to leave her at home by herself for a couple hours, I leave a bowl of kibble out. (That's the only time she will eat anything hard, she refuses hard/crunchy treats). So far, this kibble does not upset her stomach or add to the scratching/head shaking. I wish the pieces were just a tiny bit smaller. Even though she's 40lbs, she doesn't love the size of them.
I love these bandanas, they are great. BUT I ordered them hoping I would use the stripped one and it's the only one I did NOT received.
Pretty streamlined and flexible compared to the older box carriers. Best to start a new kitten off with this though. My older cat doesn't want to change from her old transportation.
Good dog food just don't care to see peas and carrots in my dogs food
I like the collar because it is very reflective. I also love putting my phone number on it. It could be wider with a bigger D ring for long haired dogs. Also, my dog is between an medium and large. I put his name and phone number on it but part of the phone number is blocked by the adjustable collar. My suggestion would be to just put the phone number.
The only problem is they're hard to clean.
It makes it easier to walk my GSD who is full of energy
Super cute fun toy for dog that is small to medium size. Not good for an aggressive chewer. Got this on sale
First leash my dog didn't break. But rusts easily. Keep it dry!
I use it to heat up the window area of my condo where my orchids are. Seems to fend off the frosty feel from the large windows.
I let a stray in on a cold night feeling sorry for it and he thanked me by urinating and I guess spraying on one of my couches (cloth and foam). Never in my life have I dealt with such an odor despite previously owning cats. Baking soda, activated charcoal, two other enzymatic sprays, white vinegar, powdered soap, detergent. Waiting for it to air out. It was looking like I'd have to burn the couch. I nearly bought a new one. Round after round of cleaning, I could still smell it. I used this liberally. I know it says not to saturate it but at this point, I felt like it was a lost cause.What could possibly be worse? At first it seemed like it was still there, but several rounds of this (one tab/bottle) over the course of a few hours (soak, dry, soak, dry) and it was very, very faint. I scrubbed it one more time with soap and it's gone. IT'S GONE, people. I never thought I'd smell the day! This was Seinfeld car B.O. level stink! Now, it's a bit hard to say how many stars I should give this product since I had already lessened the smell previously and did still wash it after, but given how many times and other things i tried, this seems to have really helped. Wish I knew about it from the start. I had also already decided to replace the foam in the couch before learning of this product so I can only couch for how it removed the smell from the outer material. I can't return the foam at this point and would like to save the other tab just in case of some other horrific incident.
I received the IRIS large pet feeder , looks like it the perfect height for my 85 lb Lab to eat comfortably......no screws included so i can assemble it. ( and no indication of what size screw to buy/use in the instructions!). C'mon IRIS !!! Only 3 stars because now I'm delayed in using the feeder because I've got to go shopping for 4 unknown size screws ***REVIEW UPDATE***GREAT customer service from IRIS - emailed Bev at IRIS and they responded immediately and UPS the screws to me . The feeder is now put together and my dog loves it PS the bowls have a made in India sticker on them for those that care. Good feeder for the price . We'll see how long this feeder holds up- Next time i May search for a sturdier one piece
The actual writing on the collar only covered a small portion of the collar and is smaller than expected. My cat is 8 pounds and when I fitted the collar to her neck, the writing was stuck between the adjusting pieces. However, it is very reflective and it is sturdy. Gives me peace of mind when my cat is out and about.
I like it, it works pretty good.
I think it is ok for the money. The clip comes out easily and so you might drop the bowl
When this product arrived I was immediately disappointed because they off-gas chemical/plastic smells. Definitely not something I want my kitties to smell. Further, I ordered four large carriers expecting them to be roomier for my cats. Let's just say, it's a cozy fit. In the end we decided to keep them. We hung them outdoors to de-stink them then sat them up in the living room to see if the cats would naturally wander inside and curl up. Yes, they did!! We live in California and originally made this purchase in response to the wildfires in case our area needed to evacuate. We have six cats and want them all to travel safely should the need arise.
A little smaller than what I thought from advertised photos. My cat is not that big and she's a little snug in there and my bunny fits perfectly (she's pretty big). It's really great quality though.
What they will not do for one of these...one is now doing tricks (over seven using hand gestures) and the other will be your bestest feline friend, really truly... One hundred percent recommendation from the furry folks and the vet says in moderation "OK" (moderation! Sheesh...they really hate him)..
Works pretty well. Sometimes the button gets pushed accident and light stays on. Kind of annoying in that sense.
Door fell off after 2 months but was easy to put back on . I think I'll eventually have to put stronger screws As the other reviews have said . For the time ; it's working for us .
This arrived quickly and is already set up. I tied up the door so the feral kitten I've been feeding will get used to it. I have already trapped it! Very easy trigger. Sturdy. Felt the inside edges and they were smooth. Only downside and reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is nary an instruction book! Not one single piece of paper! No warranty info! Nada! I already have one of the kittens I will foster and rehome - safety for me and the animal is of utmost importance, so the lack of instruction for proper use was disappointing. Overall, though, I still recommend it for value, ease of use and quality.
The cat loves this. It created a great new perch for him and he spends a lot of time trying to get the pompoms. Just what I needed for him at a good price. I suggest this for medium to small cats.
The only down side to this gate is the latch. Other then that, it is a very good gate.
It's a very cute addition; I'd recommend it
These smell pretty bad and I have two older cats, one eats them and one only sporadically. They seem to improve the "regular' users mobility.
I have been using a Tupperware container with a hole cut in the side for my little Leopard Gecko. It wasn't great but it did the job until the plastic on the side developed a sharp edge. This hut is a HUGE improvement over the makeshift one I had before. With the base of the sides buried under the sand, it holds humidity very well without forcing the little guy to sit in a pool of soaking wet frog moss. He definitely looks happier. The sides are dark too so he can go hide from the world and PLOT HIS ULTIMATE SCHEME OF CAPTURING THE FAMILY DOG IN ORDER TO RIDE HIM TO FREE HIS BRETHREN AT THE SHOP DOWN THE ROAD SO THEY CAN TAKE OVER THE NEIGHBORHOOD TOGETHER. You can also use the clay bowl as a water dish!
It's a great product but the attachment for the cage sucks, I ended up putting a screw through it and a washer and bolt on the other so it would stay up in the cage. But besides that my cockatiel loves it!!
They are easy and fun to watch. It was a little tricky figuring out how to anchor the string to the suction cups but after it was good
Ordered two small ID tags for my dogs. These are good quality stainless steel tags for low price.
My dog loves it and keeps him from chilling during times he needs to be outside
Almost purrrrfect system Really great concept. Well designed product. Took several months to train my kitty but he is completely toilet trained. My main complaint is that he needed another step between standing on the ring and the actual seat. The ring is too low down and my cat liked to rest his back paws on there so he never really transitioned to the seat rim. I had to gerry rig all these weird things to elevate his feet and finally get his back paws on the seat. I would recommend that the designers make one last ring that fits over the last that comes flush with the seat so the cat moves on the ring. I love having a toilet trained cat.
Gives off a good amount of light. Like having a switch. But the suction cups don't suck very well, even after wetting them. Found it hanging in my tank after putting it near the rim, and has slid multiple times
My dogs chew on them without any complain, so I am guessing taste is kind of good. I can't say for sure if there is significant improvement on the muscle mass, 'cause we dont go overboard with special diet or crazy exercise or anything like that, we are not looking to create "super creatures" we have normal life, dogs look healthy and there is no change of temper. I will keep buying this as any other vit.
Quick setup. Easy to clean. Works great. No longer have to fill water bowls up multiple times a day. Initially got this for the dogs but found that the cats were instantly drawn to it so it's mostly a cat fountain now. You can also find filters for cheap on amazon.
These stairs were easy to put together, but I haven't been able to get my dog to fully trust them. She uses them to get down from the bed, but not to go up. I guess maybe the issue is that they're too narrow for her, and she thinks she'll fall off the side. Or maybe she doesn't want to admit that it's not as easy to jump up onto the bed as it used to be. I'm not really sure. She's a medium-sized dog, but this product might be better suited for a small dog. I might be returning this product.
It does fall apart in the washing machine if you try to wash it. Not chew proof either. These beds last me maybe 6 months then falls apart in the washer and I buy a new one.
I like how it moves with the water
needs the brush on both sides so you can use left handed.
Litter does not clump together as advertised, it just kind of crumbles apart, but still a good litter regardless. Does help with odor (I use it for 3 ferrets), and it is very absorbent.
Cat loves it! First thing she does is play with it in the morning when she gets up. Spends hours playing with it. Only complaint is the parts are hard to snap in and one of the tunnels broke almost Immediately when trying to snap into place cause was so hard to snap in place. Luckily, this didn't detract from the enjoyment of the toy as the extra open space due to lack of this tunnel piece actually "heightened" my cat's excitement in being able to see the ball roll through there. She was able to slide her paw in but still couldn't lift the ball off its track. Highly reccomend.
Great for training. Hold up well and don't break apart. Only reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars is because our dogs don't seem to love the taste enough to respond right away when practicing commands (which they do with other types of snacks.
My 8 week old puppy broke one of the poles inside the same day, he isn't use to it yet and so just scratching at it he eventually rattled one of the pins from pole.
I got this to use on my elderly dog who cant jump in and out of the tub so his showers are now outside. This is a great sturdy shower brush. It made my dog feel comfortable because I used the hand thing to stroke him like a brush while rinsing him off. There are several little faucet adjusters to ensure you get one that fits your home. I'm going to gift a set of these to my doggy nieces for Christmas!
My dogs LOVE LOVE LOVE these beds!! Well worth the money! I do take out the plastic that holds it open though. They like to sleep on top of it too, and it's awkward with that in it. Having a small opening on one end would be useful so I don't have to make a hole to get it out. Besides that, it is by far the most used dog bed that I have!
I got the product and it was too small for my dog. I measured his foot and thought I was ordering correctly. A large didn't fit my 10 week old Great Dane puppy.
Came quick, no pieces of cactus left over. 3/5 sunk right away. 2/5 took a day to sink. Boiled them for 15 minutes, rinsed, let cool, than added to the tank. Very happy with them, attached java fern by showing in the holes. Only reason I gave 4 stars is one piece was small and dinky, the length was accurate but it was less than half inch diameter where the others were close to 2 inch diameter.
Cute and soft just a the right weight for early fall. Runs a little big big not awful.
This is a really great, well designed product that's easy to install with just one design flaw. There is no slit to put a seat belt or tether through, so it's impossible to secure the dog. Such a bummer because otherwise, a great product.
Been in the house for a while and its getting torn to shreds... cat seems to like it. Good bargain too.
Got this to go with a car seat and it works just the way I wanted, fits nicely and is a nice material.
Still chase hair all over the furniture
A little on the noisey side but works great
Dog Goggles are wonderful. They fit nicely n adjust firmly. Stay on great!
I have a small dog and they stay on most of the time. Better than I thought they would be.
Very good quality ! looks great and size in picture is pretty accurate !
It works on my 10 gallon tank, but the plastic strip is useless for now! You can cut a spot around the narrow width of the plastic hood strip with a power tool for your filter and your air tubes /cords, I guess, providing you have one. I don't know if it will work or not, because the strip is kind of narrow. I have a ADF, (frog), and I'm afraid he'll get out at night through the open space in the back of the tank. I guess it's up to the individual how he /she decides to solve the problem; otherwise I would give it 5 stars.
I thought the dog sling was made very well, fit comfortably across my shoulder, was a nice soft material and was just a cute sling. However, I have not got to use it for it's intended purpose. My dog hates it. She refuses lay in it and because the material is just like a jersey type material with nothing in the bottom to keep it sturdy and safe, I'm not comfortable trying to force her into using it. It does come with a latch to hook the dog in place, but it does seem long enough and they way my dog acted in it, I would be worried she would choke herself. Maybe if she was a smaller dog or used to be in a carrier it would have been different. It did hold up surprisingly well in the chaos that ensued with her trying to get out of the carrier and it did not turn her out of it, so maybe for someone else, this is a good purchase, I'm just not going to make my dog unnecessarily uncomfortable.
This carrier works well for my 15 lb. cat. She can sit up and curl up, but not stand on all fours. She likes to go outside and be able to see everything. The only problem that I have had is the bottom really digs into my back, so I just put a quilt square in my waistband and that took care of it!
My dog loves these treats. Just wish they were a little less expensive.
We have used this for several years and been happy with them. Recently the individual 'slices' have become smaller. Bag weight is still the same just the size changed. One other time this happened but we received an explanation that something was different about the growing season. Our big lab needs two now. You just need to know that the size varies. I don't like it-to the point of buying elsewhere-that Amazon puts the Front Porch Pets Box (the vendor) inside of an Amazon box. What a waste. I have had many deliveries from Front Porch Pets just in their box and the product is just fine.
Very nice looking filter for a tank. I use it for my slider turtle. He doesn't lay on it but it gives a nice look to the tank while keeping the tank cleaned. Instead of replacing the filter I clean it out a few times before replacing every time. I am very pleased with the purchase.
I love this light. The remote control is amazing, no having to jump out of bed to get the light or change the light setting. The remote control is not back lit which sucks at night in a dark bedroom, but easy to get used to where the buttons are over time. I cannot attest to longevity as I have only had it for a week. Box came very well packaged and it is quality. The light gives off a natural light unlike the Nicrew model I returned. For $30 more this is much better. There are several settings that look alike so useless, No actual ON/OFF switch so good luck if you lose the remote or it stops working. I have it on a switch as well in case I dont want to find the remote. 2 different black light settings and a couple in the middle which are very nice. Over all it is not cheap but lighting in a tank and ease of use is critical to me so I am happy and i recommend this product
I like how east it is to clean. And freshness is good. Overall good product
Can't figure out why, but the cat won't go in it or on it. She won't even use the scratching post. She used her old one 'til it got worn out. She goes up to this one, smells it & walks away. It seems well made & is very attractive, but Lola hates it.
My 2 French Bulldogs love to chew this, especially my mama dog. I don't put paste in it, they chew it on their own.
The fence has worked well for me, however there was some damage upon arrival. One of the gate sections was bent, with some rusted places on a few of the regular panels. I contacted customer service to request replacement panels. They got right back to me, but never replaced the damaged and rusted panels as promised. I bought this for rv camping with my schnoodle. The size is perfect for her.
Good product for the money. One front wheel wobbles a bit. I'll get around to finding a cure for that, but for now we don't use it that much. It's for our 16 year old dog when the Florida heat gets intense. Walk a bit, ride a bit. We would buy it again.
Lots of colors and functions. Looks great. My one complaint is the reciver for the remote is a foot away from the wall plug. Cant hide the cords because of this.
My cats love this! They have pretty much destroyed the padding in a good way. I wish it was a little harder to ruin but maybe I just have really strong cats.
We found that we were using a different product and we would have to use 4 sheets to this two.
It's really great, but some of them are easily breakable, especially by teething puppies.
Easy to put together. Light enough to be picked up and moved by one person. Since assembled has been in two moderate rains. Didn't leak.
Great product - The collar is easily adjustable. Very affordable. Extremely easy to use with only two buttons and two collars. Really like that they sent an extra battery with the collar I put it on my 13 month old German Shepherd that has decided to start with a high pitch squeal and some excessive barking for no apparent reason. It has worked like a charm. I only put it on her when she is showing the inappropriate behaviors and after the first day she has already improved dramatically. We are on day 3 and I only had to put it on her once. I have only had to use the vibration setting to achieve the desired results. I have an older GSD that likes to bark at everything that drives by when he is in a certain room of the house. I am going to get one for him. The only improvement feedback I would give is that the collar was turned on but I had just taken it off my dog when she barked in excitement. The collar went off in my hands and I was about 3 feet away. So not really sure how effective the anti-interference filter is.
reasonably priced...easy to use...and effective.
I freaking love it so much !!!! It's super cute !! It fits her perfectly! It's made well!
Worked great for day time, and saved our shins from the cone of shame. However, at night time had to place the plastic cone on our dog. Because the protective collar allows her to reach a little closer to where the Incision was.
My dog really enjoys this flavor and product
Great for the price, but had to file down many sharp points.
The two brushes work great on the furniture and clothing, but my cat hates the glove. All together it was a good purchase. I would strongly consider purchasing again, but without the glove.
Replacement filters for cat drinking fountain
All alive and well. However, they wouldn't have lasted much longer due to the poor packing.
They are ok if you have a chill cat that allows you to do whatever. Otherwise you are on your own.
Steps work perfect!! Only thing I was dissatisfied in was the packaging, the product was damaged when delivered. I was able to super glue it back together easily, I didn't want to send it back and wait for another one so I just glued it. But definitely needs to be shipped better.
Beautiful drinking fountain, however the pump failed after a short time. I had to purchase a new one.
I own a 110Lb Female Rottweiler and she wears this harness quite nicely. It's made of good quality material and feels pretty comfortable. She doesn't show any signs of discomfort and never has an issue with putting it on. The only concern I have is the top handle on the top portion of the harness. It doesn't seem to be very tough to handle such a big dog. So far it has no tears or stretching on the handle but I feel it would if any big dog decide to use their full strength to pull away. Overall the rest of the harness is great. Very bright, very cushiony and very easy to use.
Fun toy. My cats played with it for awhile but lost interest after a few days. Would be 5 stars if you could replace catnip inside easily.
This mat has larger holes than others I had owned which is nice for larger litter. It's water proof which is nice as my cat pees on it & I have to hose it off a couple times a month. Holds up great. It's small, the size of a regular door mat, but works perfect for the smaller space in front of the box.
I'm 50/50 on these. Some were great, some just Adequate for what they are. Didn't quite hold up as long as I expected, but a couple were pretty good. My little guy loves the hard ball that makes noise. Would have preferred it to be slightly softer instead of hard plastic, but it's his favorite anyway.
I use this cleaner all the time, even for non-pet related stains. I tried to order it on amazon to make it easier; however, I never received either my original order or my replacement order. Both were "damaged" at the shipping site. So I just went to PetSmart to purchase there. Absolutely love the cleaner, but will probably just keep going to PetSmart from now on.
This pet laser pointer is the original treat puzzle that engages their natural instincts to hunt, seek & retrieve rewards! Stimulates and occupies cats and kittens for hours. I'm very happy with this purchase, which keeps our cat healthy, happy, and active.
bought it to use for my cat, small does not really mean small, made for a medium sized dog. return/refund by seller was quick and painless though = 4 stars
This is the best demoting tool I've found. As one other poster wrote, it takes patience.
so far so good very cute.
It's a very nice absorbing puppy pad. I expected it to be a little bigger. So for the price I think it's too expensive and will not purchase again
The gate itself is easy to set up and I have no problems with, but my dog can jump over it. Everything else about it is great, it just doesn't work as well for me as I wanted it to. If your dog doesn't jump, it would be perfect, and I'm sure I can get mine to stop, it's just a little more work than I wanted.
Seems to be working for my older dog. The vet recommended this brand.
It is bigger than i thought it would be. Very pleased! My cat loves it.
good quality, but I had to return due to the fact that I live in a manufactured home and would not fit the sliding doorway was just less than an inch too big- wish it would have worked could have made it fit but was not will to take the chance of messing it up.
Bought this as a hopeful alternative to my cats scratching the corner of a chair I have in the den. They choose this over the chair about half the time. They also like to sleep on it. As you might expect, some small shreds of cardboard are on the floor after they scratch it for a period of time. It also holds on to cat hair that they shed while they're playing on/around it, but it only takes a moment of my time to wipe it off. Might buy again when/if they ever destroy the one I have to the point where it needs to be replaced.
Overall this pad works great. We have a 7 week old puppy. They wash well too.
Works as expected. Spring a little tight and it hurts my hand a bit, but in time it will be OK.
Very hot, but provides good light for 3.5 gallon
Good ramp. A bit flexible. Got for my 90# 10 year-old german shepard. She can still jump into the back of the pickup, but getting harder for her. About 36 inches off the ground. If your dog is not easily trained, get this before you need it. A few treats and she is fine.
I rated it with 4 stars because the chain is heavy. My previous one was a thinner collar and light weight chain.
Cats love them but they go fast.
It was good and I would purchase again. Not all my dogs loved it but at least it worked for two of them. It files the nails slowly and safely. Doesn't make a ton of noise.
If anything can help avoid more expensive teeth cleanings I'll try it. My dog likes it so that helps. :)
This is everything as advertised with one flaw I've noticed. The zipper is too hard to close. It is light weight, easy to assemble, but once assembled, the canvas cover is so tight that the zipper is difficult to close. I feel that I am nearly breaking it just to get it closed. The top zipper is easier than the front opening. Hopefully I will be able to find a solution to this. Everything else is good except for the most important part... closing your dog in!
My dog and I loved the rope toys. I have a small dog and these are the perfect size. One toy makes noise but it's not loud. A great mix of toys!
I thought this product was helpful! The first use I saw the most result, but throughout the whole bottle I felt my yellow lab was calmer and more relaxed.
It's a good price for how many you get. They work as stated. I did receive one that didn't work but not a big deal.
These work great for brushing my bulldogs teeth. I do it about once per month and use chicken flavored toothpaste. I just throw the brush away when I'm done because they come 6 to a pack.
We have not seen a noticeable difference in our cat's fur, but there are fewer hairballs and they are certainly more active since we have been giving them this oil once a day. One of our cats is 13, and he is more active now that he was at half his age.
The quality of the product is not what I expect but the item arrived quickly and in good condition.
Does not work for cats. They are just too slippery.
I feel like the measurements are off...
Works really well. Brings up the stains easily. And it smells good
Good selection. A couple of these toys are for older dogs, not puppies.
After reading several various articles and reviews on escape-proof harnesses, this one seemed like the best. It is good, but my Houdini managed to get out of it. He doesn't escape from it with the frequency and ease as he did with his other harness, so that's a plus. I particularly like the handle on the back which I use to keep him from doing his jumping and twisting or dragging me as we're trying to exit the house (which is how he escapes). It is pretty easy to put on. Adjusting it for fit is a bit tricky, but I think that's only because my dog gets super excited when he knows it time for a walk. Material is super sturdy and appears comfortable, although it definitely has some weight to it. It's not something I'd be inclined to leave on my pup. Haven't yet used the car restraint feature.
This product is very easy to use and install; the trickiest part is removing the upper plastic portion of the fountain I install these in. Run under cold water for 30 seconds prior to installation to prime it and don't worry if there's a minimal amount of carbon dust that shows in the sink. I install these filters into the "PetSafe Drinkwell Multi-Tier Dog and Cat Water Fountain." Given the interior structure, the filters are held in a curved position. I recommend bending these filters gently into thirds to help the filters sit flush within the brackets inside the fountain. These filters consistently last about two weeks running constantly in 100 oz. capacity water fountains.
Just like my kids all have their own favorite toys- so do my cats. I have one Savannah who is always stealing poker chips & anything else small that he can flip, toss, chase & run off with in his mouth. He LOVED these! My other Savannah? Loses interest after 90 seconds. So if your cat loves to play with small items I would definitely give these a try. Great size for cat paws & mouths but big enough to not be a choking hazard. I can't say the same for feet- stepping on them is a bit painful!
Our german shepherd fits just right in this and it works very well in our camper. I will note that if your dog is a digger or a chewer, this might not be the crate for you. Our dog only gets crated if we're going to be away from the camper for a while and he sleeps in it at night while we're on the road. I'm very pleased!
Came quickly and the owners of the company have genuine interest in how it works. I can't say how it tastes but it smells good and the dogs like it. I'm hoping it helps some itchy skin issues. It's a little early to tell. I gave 4 stars because the pump leaks and there's some waste with that.
This bed is great if you need something thin or don't mind placing a 2nd pad underneath like I did. I wanted an easy wash top pad and this fits the request. The double siding acts as a bumper inside the crate. The bottom straps work great to hold it in place. My dog seems to love it and I can wash it to my heart's content without ruining it. Both of us are happy.
We soaked this with water and put it in the freezer. My dog loves to just lay and chew on this. He wouldn't chew ice cubes. This is a great toy for teething puppies and a way to keep your dog cool.
Too confusing to figure out how to ut it on the dog.
only gave 4 stars because I put them in our emergency kits so I am not sure how great they will be. let's hope I never have to find out.
Our dog can back out of this so we bout the more secure one.
These work way better than the Arm & Hammer litter bags. They are thicker and made out of better material that keeps the smell inside. I used these for a while and rarely smelled anything, then went back to using the Arm & Hammer bags and the smell was blatantly obvious. I will be using these from now on.
Works well. Like it. My only issue is i had it somewhere where it was hot. Sweat got into the light and there was no way to clean it. Battery was good. Liked the light. Didnt really like the glass getting dirty though. It finally died when i accidentally left it in my pants pocket before a wash .
I like this nest box but I wish the side doors had a latch outside because my female kept lifting the side door up and I think it actually caused injury to my male from getting his head caught in the door as she let it drop again. I installed a nest cam and it was fun to watch!
This cat litter definitely has less dust than most, but it is otherwise not much different than other clumping litters. I can't say that it traps or neutralizes odors, but the scent is not bad. My biggest complaint would just be that it's impossible for me to lift the box when it's full. Not bad overall though.
Great harness on my 5lb tabby. It does slide a bit due to her smaller frame but she doesn't slide out from it. Leash is okay with it. Just gotta get my little lady adjusted to wearing it. Only real reason I do not give it a full 5 stars is the lack of different colors. But thats a small detail.
My dogs love coconut oil. I use it in their food, for their skin and noses, and even as a snack for bath time! We love this line of product and will continue to purchase from this company.
My doggy loved this toy! I am only giving this 4 starts because I ordered the blue one and received the pink one.
Great value. Seems to help my 14 year old cat not want to always kill the 9 month old brother kittens. Does she still hate them? Yes, but she's more tolerant with this stuff going than without it.
Saw Gumby and had to get this for my pup! My dog is fussy with toys but really liked this one, he chewed it until it was destroyed, it didn't take very long but at least he played with it LOL!
These are pricey but the pup loves them. I even sometimes spread a little canned food inside after he eats out the salmon. I mainly use them on Bridge days when my naughty schnoodle boy needs a diversion. Highly recommended if you need a doggie pacifier.
My dog actually does not hate these and they really seem to help her get traction on the wood floors. Only suggestion would be that there is a greater area of traction so she can push off side of her foot, too.
Exactly as described and perfect for travel.
I really like this set and manufacturer, I own 6 of their pieces. My main complaint is that the food dish has a smaller base than the water dish and doesn't sit securely in the trays that you can also buy. If they made a tray with a smaller inset I would be ecstatic.
Not bad for the price and the quality is great
I'm tired of having to review everything I buy online. It works, keeps my dog from biting people.
I really like this tank. I am still trying to figure out the pump though. I have to run the pump and turn it off because it is too strong for my beta fish. The fish is swimming against it and appears to be struggling. I will be doing the first cleaning and hope that maybe it was something I did wrong because that filter is the reason why I bought it. The size of the tank is perfect for the beta and the LED lights are great. I added a heater to the tank and the casing on the back of the tank does not click in place. Otherwise the tank is well made. The instructions could be a little better written as well. Since I have a beta I kept it because technically they are okay without a filter but having a working pump without such a strong pull in a small tank would definitely be a plus for the fish. Will continue to work on this, if it works later I will come back and rewrite my review to reflect it.
Pros: These clippers are quiet, they don't get hot, there's no cord to fight, and they are also easy to clean. Con: I have to recharge the clippers before I'm finished.
I prefer using canned pumpkin but my new cat will not eat it. So I mix this powder into his dry food and it has really worked. He eats it without too much trouble, has begun losing weight, and is less frantic about needing food. I do find it expensive compared to canned pumpkin - but it works for this cat so I will continue to use it. And I tasted it and it is just sweet pumpkin flavor - as I would expect.
I love that this product is natural and does a fairly good job with ZERO dust! You just need to be diligent about cleaning the litter box otherwise it can get stanky.
Vary nice but I wish the sides were a little taller. Great for fancy bear hamsters
Great air pressure but the small feet don't compensate for the power so it rattles and vibrates a lot.
The carrier is great
Difficult to determine correct size.
I don't have to dig around for my clicker in my pockets.,
The wheel itself is silent, but if it is suction cupped to aquarium glass, the plastic piece on the back hits the glass every time the wheel is used and that can be quite loud.
As many others will probably warn you, it leaves a mark on acrylic. Works great on glass though.
Pretty happy with this jacket! The only issue I have is that it runs small in my opinion. She usually wears a small and bought a medium. The medium is quite snug on her and she is about 13 lbs. (Shih tzu/maltese) I love that it is reversible though because the grass is always wet and makes the fleece part cruddy. But the other side water wicks away. She isn't bothered by it which is a miracle! LOL! Great for the price for sure
I have enjoyed the Petnet feeder since the first one came out, the problem I had was my cat learned how to get food from the machine in between feedings. When the newest edition came out I was excited to see the set up changed and this could hopefully prevent this from happening. As of now it's been about two weeks and the cat has yet to learn how to get into the machine. The downside I have with this model is feels a little cheap compared to previous models. The feeding tray is flimsy and feels like it could break easily. As of now I enjoy the machine and it's doing what it was meant to do. The app interface is a great tool to keep track and feedings and when a refill is needed.
It fit perfectly and easy to install.
I like this because it's so cute and pretty......but they aren't even keeping them warm it's thin material and DONT WASH IT cause if you do it ruins it I bought 2 for a boy and a girl dog and he was rolling in the grass we had to WASH it and there was a ton of fuzzy stuff on them they no longer looked good
Overpriced as it is for a little piece of plastic, I like this thing. I had used another product (several times) that had a plastic tongue for holding the bag, but the tongue kept breaking. This poop bag holder is thicker and much sturdier, and it holds the poop bag(s) securely. I would have rated this as 5 stars. However, a few days ago the carabiner broke, as others have reported, so I knocked off a star.
We got this for our 80 pound yellow lab who always has muddy paws. It takes the mud off easily but you will still need a towel nearby to dry the paws. Not as hard to use as a lot of the reviews say. Very easy to clean and refill with new water. Dishwasher friendly. No complaints. It is what it says it is.
This is too small for my average sized cats. Order the big one! It's super cute I just wish it were bigger
I wish it was a little wider, but the dogs are getting used to it. I wish it was more stable, I feel like it could colapse.
Set up instructions are easy to understand and set up. Have border collie with thick fur so long prongs are key. Like it so far!
cant say my puppy likes the flavor...have to smother it in peanut butter and wrap it in cheese but it does calm him down
Used this after my dog was neutered. Worked really well. Easy to inflate and he wasn't able to take it off. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the plug for the inflation kept popping open.
Came quick, good packaging, cats are not a fan of the taste. But they are use to cheap stuff. I'm sure they will get use to it.
It's a bit thin but pretty awesome! Looks great on my French bulldog!
Replacement product seems to be working well. Keeping perfect time and dispensed food as it should.
Some of these seem to give off a lot of extra charcoal when I first start up my fountain, but other than that, they work well.
I really don't know why the reviews are not better on this skimmer. It's slim design alone is enough to give it 3 stars. The cup comes apart really easy despite other reviews. Plain and simple don't over tighten the nut and you won't hve a problem. I have only had the skimmer on for about 8 hours and it's already collecting scum. It's also so quiet you cannot hear it working. Really the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the fact that it didn't sit exactly flushing the bottom. However it's not anything to worry about considering it's maybe a 16th of an inch. It also came with a parts list for replacement parts. Overall great skimmer with an awesome price!
It's a dog dish. Have used these in the past and assume it will have same long durability.
If I had a choice of the color I wanted, I would give this product 5 stars vs. the 4 I gave it. I recommend this product but be prepared you'll get the color they want to give you. The dogs don't care about the color and honestly, I wouldn't care either if everything else I bought wasn't already blue.
Overall this is a very good leash. It gives you multiple options to Lengthen and shorten it. The clasp that goes to the collar is extremely heavy. I can use this on the vest for my service dog. But if I'm using a halti collar ( which works like a horse bridle) he gets extremely agitated by the weight.
Does whistle, but not very loud. Dog loves them.
I HAVE A GERMAN SHEPARD AND IT FIT HER PERFECT. SHE SLEEPS IN SEVERAL DIFFERENT POSITIONS AND IT WILL FIT ALL HER MOVING SLEEPING POSITIONS.
Easy to use and it works!
The instructions were a bit vague; but after you work with it for a bit you'll get the hang of it.
Bought this for my Parson Russell, who is a very healthy puller. So far, this is working great, BUT, the one I received was used! The handle had been chewed up pretty good by a previous owner. Handle was full of bite marks and there are a couple of good sized chunks missing. Not pleased with that. Decided to keep it as it doesn't affect the functionality.
I have theee poodles. And I purchased this for them. It's not bad, but the 3 definitely doesn't work as I had expected. It's geeat for two and I mean, my poodles are all old enough and they walk straight but ocassionally the part where all the straps are hooked on... it'll twist here and there. But still a good product for the price.
Heaver than I thought.
My cat loves these cans .
Easy to use and well designed! I love that the remote has a clip! The only reason I cannot give it a 5 star is because the first one died out after a few uses. However, the seller made every effort to replace it free of charge so I can try it again. Excellent customer service and a happy customer!
This was easy to assemble and is lightweight and easy to carry. My Shi tzu/ Bishon mix loves it.
Excellent product but instructions were laughable. Use common sense.
Overall: Works good temporarily. Not a miracle worker or anything, but what is? :b Scent: like pure lemongrass and citronella essential oils (which I think smells nice ^^ ) I bought this to try on my cats and on myself. Of course cats don't like anything sprayed on them so I followed other reviewers' recommendations to spray on a cloth/napkin and then wipe on. It does seem to keep mosquitoes and a good many other bugs away. It wore off pretty quickly on me though, but could be becoming I was doing yardwork in the heat and sweating a lot. It does burn if you apply too much in one spot but that's good if you ask me since it proves it's got a strong amount of the essential oils in it.
It works . dogs next door don't keep me up any more 😄 .
I thought it wasn't keeping a hole in the ice, but I think that was because I put it between my waterfall and skimmer, where it was in a constant flow of water. This didn't let it create an area of warm water around itself. Now that it's out of the flow it's working.
I purchased specifically for my cat because they had more hair-grabbing nubs than other gloves and the fingers were flexible. They work well! The furminator brush still works the best at grabbing a lot of fur, but the cat enjoys the gloves MUCH more, and the brushing sessions last longer so I get more fur off of her. She is a very soft, american shorthair cat if that helps anyone compare. I gave 4 stars because I am comparing the gloves to the furminator brush that just seems to get so much more hair, but it's kind of an unfair comparison since they are two different modes of hair removal. In any regard, I would definitely purchase the gloves again.
I never did can food before this is good it's a little hard to get out so you have to use a spoon to scoop it out I don't know if that's normal but the top is easy to open my dog ate it all in one gulp almost
Seems to be good quality and easy to roll up when not in use.
It's so great, it just gets loosened sometimes in the front, I have to adjust it pretty frequently. But it definitely makes it more difficult for him to pull
REALLY HELPFUL, IF HAVING ISSUES WHETHER SORE MUSCLES IF YOU CAN NOT BEND, OR I USED IT WHEN I HAD CATARACT SURGERY, AS I COULD NOT BEND FOR SEVERAL DAYS.
Wiah it was not so heavy
My dog was a spaz with this bed at first! He wasn't sure about it since he couldn't fluff it up as he usually does with his dog bed! He has since fell in love with his new bed! I can tell when my 90 pd boy gets up from this bed his hips and knee aren't hurting him as bad!
The brace did not fit but the service was great and I was issued a refund very quickly. I wish it had fit because it seemed very well made
I really liked the design including the carrying strap. My 2 dogs really enjoyed it. We carry it with us every time we take a walk.
After reading reviews saying it was snug we bought the XL for our 35lb Mini Aussiedoodle. Really glad we didn't go any smaller! It was tight around his front legs but fit alright, the hat and accessories were cute but the walkie talkie kept falling out of his belt. Overall a cute dog costume.
It was easy to assemble, easy to set up, and stays in place nicely. Now I just have to get my turtles to go into it.
Well it works great, and is the best doggy dental solution I've found so far. The only problem is my dog chews the wrong end because it's easier to bite pieces off. If only it were double sided instead of having the cute handle.
my dog looks like a good boy in it 10/10
We Bought wrong size thinking it would stretch but it's true to size so it's a little small, even so it is holding up well . Durable ..Ordered the right size this time :)
It works you can smell it compared to other sprays my dog doesn't like it very much so you know its good.
Started to work in minutes...i could see the fleas fall off my cat.
They offer a variety so far my cats have loved them each
Really quick and easy way to protect against my kittens dreaded razor claws. Hes climbing over everything driving me insane as i hear the little scratches on my new couch and loveseat. Too bad it isnt really made for curtains because those are starting to look like swiss cheese! Works really good for the cords as well. Helps me become more organized and having less chewed cords as well. so far not seeing any scratches since putting these up.
Today arrived partly open with black ants. Didn't notice until I pulled out of pantry 4 hours later to use. Now I have freaking ants in my pantry. That being said they are replacing it.
My dog loves her daily treat. She seems to have more energy. I hope to see an improvement with her allergies.
Love this playpen, it was very very easy to put together, just open and zip in the bottom. Bought this for my grandsons pet mini lop bunny and he has plenty of room to hop around and my grandson likes to get in it with the bunny too. I would recommend for any small animal.
My rats seem to really enjoy these . I will purchase them again.
Very good algae remover for the price
These get the strangest reactions from our Puppy. At first, it terrified him. He'd walk way around it. Then, it became his favorite toy. The mechanism that makes it jump and talk is very sturdy. He's never torn it up at all. Now they cute covering lasts a little longer than most plush toys, but eventually he is able to rip it up. He loves it so much, I've order a total of five, I think. This toy definitely keeps a puppy busy. English Mastiff
WHen I first received this product, I was very disappointed. It simply would not open for any of my cats. We even had them chipped for the express purpose of using this feeder! After a week, we finally brought the cat back in to check the location of their chips, and lo and behold, the cat who needed to use the feeder was missing its chip entirely!! I did not know they could fall out, but apparently ours did and that's why the feeder wasn't working. The vet replaced the chip for free and now the feeder works perfectly. It took about a week to train the cat to use it, but she has no issues with it and the other cat is constantly disappointed that the lid is closed. One note, though. It says that you can program how long the lid stays open after the cat leaves. In fact, there is just a 3 position switch. This is good enough for us, but it doesn't work the way I thought it would after reading the literature.
Oh my gosh! I couldn't believe it! It works great! I have tried other products claiming it would remove tear stains, but nothing I've tried compares to this! I love it!
I was skeptical that this would work to keep my hound dog quiet - but it works like a charm! Maybe because her nose is more sensitive?? We don't always put her bark collar on, but when we let her out at night when her barking would be more disturbing to neighbors, it works as described. Sometimes we only put the collar on and not activate it - that also works now that she associated the spray with the collar.
Nice and bright and covers a pretty big circumference ~ the dog leash doesn't over run the brightest area so it makes it easy for me to see my pup
Our dog Radar has put so many holes in his Jolly Ball we can't count them. The ball is amazing. It holds its shape even though he compresses it when he bites down and carries it around. Definitely one of the best toy buys we've made.
Love this pet feeder! It has automatic feedings so I don't have to worry about feeding my dog anymore. The camera and microphone quality are very good! I love the fact that I can check up on her when I'm not home.
Exactly as expected again best part brought right to my door
Great little kit. Great price and value
Really great. I thought they were gonna be smaller. It says for small dogs but for me it looks like the size is of a medium. I'm not complaining. My dogs love it.
My puppies shed like crazy! These allowed us to go outside and pet them for a half an hour and they love it and we create quite the tumble weed of dog fur. Much less intimidating for the dogs and much easier to use for us. No need to keep pulling off like a traditional brush
Everything was great they loved the toys
I love the rich purple color. I bought for my toy poodles and it works amazingly. I havent had any issues as of yet. I bought another size blade other than the one one it comes with. So easy to swap between blades. Dont forget to couple with Andis cool care for disinfecting and cooling the blades because they do heat up
The best leash I have ever owned!
I'm happy with it. It was a bit loud the first day or so but after the bio film, or whatever it is, coated things, its quiet and works just like OEM. Happy to have spent the money on this instead of a new filter.
This was her first toy and probably still her favorite. I used the heartbeat the first week and haven't used it since. She loves to play and wrestle with it now. I liked that she had the heat insert and heartbeat when she first came home to help her get comfortable in her new home. She's pretty rough and this is still in one piece!
My daughter-in-law told me about this product she said it was good and she was right
This is a great leash. I've tried others, but this one has been the most durable. I have a 65lb mixed terrier dog who is quite strong. The padded handle makes our walks more comfortable for me, especially when he gets excited and decides to pull! The pattern of silver threading on the leash reflects light at night, which I really appreciate.
These are fantastic and my dog loves them!
This is a must have for my yellow lab. We buy one every year or so because we wear it out! The product is well built, it just gets over used. Eventually the giant rubberband wears out. Recommend for any dog who loves to chase balls!
Bought this salt for our 20 gallon fiddler crab tank and it works perfectly. It is maybe not the most cost effective salt additive; you can buy marine salt for cheaper. Folks seem confused about aquarium salt. API aquarium salt is NOT for brackish/saltwater tanks. It does not supply the necessary nutrients, minerals, etc. THIS brackish salt can be used for brackish or saltwater setups, although, as stated previously, not likely the most inexpensive option if you have a larger tank.
The container has a good seal and rolls easily. Arrived prompt and would purchase again.
It worked!! But the smell was kind of strong.
Great food! I usually separate it into individual meals to minimize waste. Some of my birds like one flavor/shape, and other birds prefer other flavors/shapes. I give everybody what they like. :)
First off, I love the look and length of this adorable piece! The added bonus that I must have missed while reading the product description, is the little slot on the back for her harness to attach so she can stay warm on walks. Might buy in the other colors! Love it!
My parrots, Congo African Grey and a Vos Marie Eclectus, get 3 each as a bedtime snack. They love these! They smell good too.
Good quality. Exactly what I expected! My fur kids love it!
So my dog goes through a toy in ten minutes. I don't care. I just care that I get to the squeaker before he does and that I don't have to clean up much stuffing. I love that these have rope inside them. It keeps him occupied for an extra 20 minutes and they are not too expensive. I've bought KONG wild knots at least 20 times.
My dog loves it. Ordering second pack.
I have fed my dogs Instinct Raw Boost for years. I have two big dogs, one with digestive issues, and then added a third big dog to my pack, so that brand of food was too expensive when I have to buy a 21lb bag every week or so. Dog Food Advisor gave this 5 stars, so I tried it. My problem dog didn't have any problems at all transitioning to this food, and my Great Pyrenees with allergies has had no issues. I am extremely pleased with this food. I would highly recommend it.
Good quality! Super cute! I loved it and it fit so well!
These mats are well-made, fluffy and fun for the dogs!
This product work great. I have been giving these to my dog for a few months now and he barley sheds. He loves getting them every morning as a treat. They work wonderful and it is such a great price for them.
This part repaired our 35 year old aquarium filter for a fraction of what a new filter assembly would have cost. A snap to install.
Bought as a gift for a friend. They really like it.
My dog (and cat) love these treats!!
The only thing I dislike about about this waters the UV light is kind of bright at night. It is quiet and pumps well.
Well made easy to adjust
I like that the color can be extra small and extra large to fit all stages. I do not use the shocking component but the beep and the vibration mode are enough to distract my dog from what she is doing that needs correction. The double charger is really nice! So far I've only had to charge the collar and remote once.
Love the harness.Its been hard finding one that fit. My Chihuahua, Spike is happy. Thanks
I have been meaning to leave a review for months. I absolutely love this harness. I ordered a size small in Camo for my miniature dachshund about 9 months ago. It is still in great shape. It is a thick material soft and good quality. He has since outgrown it so I just ordered the same exact one in a size up.
Well designed, easy to use. Great value for the money. I'm working with a nice mild mannered dog who likes to wander to the neighbor's house and hang out by the road. I stopped him at the boundary line the very first time with a few beeps and called him back to me. No negative reaction at all. This is going to improve life for both of us.
we have very spoiled dog. they eat this canned food on top of natures recipe dry easy digest. my pitty bull has IBS and is able to eat this with no problems. They score well on their Vet visits, their coats are shiny, eyes are clear, and blood values are good whenever they are done. I can't think of any down side to this food.
Prefect size great quality. My moms dog now is resting beautifully
My cat loves to chase the red dot light! And, She sits and stares at me until I do the right thing :D which is to start up the red dot light so she can chase it. =^.^=
Very nicely made with a zipper for cleaning, which is an excellent idea.
Tug of war, just chewing, and fetch are the usual activities the tire is used for. Likes it better than his puppy kong.
My puggle is a medium size dog that weighs 36 lbs . It fits him well.
Work phenomenally. I live in NYC and use these in winter because they salt the sidewalks so much it will hurt their paws. Probably have worn them 6 times thus far. Just took her out in about 6 feet of snow to the dog park and they stayed on the whole time without needing adjustment. Felt her feet after I took them off and they were dry! Only a little cold. Very happy. The set fits great on her front paws but a little big on the back. She doesn't seem to mind it. Great investment.
Best betta food on the market! Just make sure you soak the pellets for at least five minutes in tank water before feeding your fish. You would be surprised at how large they get.
Excellent for training.
This is huge! I shopped a long time, before I bought this. I bought a cat tree from eBay a month ago, for about $40, (it is the blue one in the picture). This is twice the size. I decided to buy this one, after I saw the pictures other buyers posted in their reviews. It came in a huge, heavy box. The pieces are enormous. I had no problem putting this together. It took about 20 minutes. All the pieces were there, and the instructions were easy to follow. Some people had mentioned leaving the ramps off, when they put it together. I put mine on, and I have seen the cats using one to jump off the top level. I had originally thought I could just put this by the couch/window. But I ended up sectioning off part of the living room, and turned it into a cat corner. I definitely recommend this product to anyone who loves their cats. I was feeling guilty about living in one bedroom apartment, because I felt they had very little to keep them entertained. Now they have their own space.
Love this product. We always put it in our dogs ears at bath time. It makes it easy to clean the inside of his ears, smells great and keeps him from having any problems from wet ears. Love this stuff!
I am very thankful to have bought this product. Before purchasing, we couldn't walk through our kitchen without wet socks and feet from slobber and water from our dogs' water dish. We resorted to having to leave the water outside because the water was too much to keep up with. This water bowl is a awesome! My dogs figured it out quickly and there is little to no water dripped onto the floor!!! I like that it's a stainless steel bowl and gallon sized so it's easy to clean and we are not having to constantly refill the bowl. This product has saved me a lot of hassle and irritation about having to constantly clean up water from my floors.
This product is working perfectly! I spray the product on my hands and then pet my cat on his matted area. He doesn't really notice which is just awesome because everything else I've tried has stressed him out. I could tell that the product was loosening and softening the mat right away. The product also makes his entire coat super shiny.
Darling and quality material but was too small for my frenchie
My golden has several allergies and the other limited ingredient, fish dog foods were very high in calorie. This one he tolerates well and enjoys eating.
My dogs loved these toys. Pretty sturdy for cheers.
Works great! I love that it recharges so easily through USB!
It is nice to have a natural alternative to all the chemicals most hot spot meds have in them.
Cats love to climb it and nap at the top. To my surprise the top condo is large enough for my 7 ur old 18 lb tabby! One complaint is that he needs help to jump up to the landings on either side to even start his journey to the top, so we have to have an old perch directly beside it to assist him. Otherwise they love it!
charging getting ready to use expect the trimmer to work as shown
My dog absolutely loves these treats. This brand is by far the cheapest I have found and they are identical to the more expensive ones. I suggest picking up the packages by weight as as they are a much better value. I see some other reviewers complaining they didn't last long enough so you need to be aware that Esophagus treats(of any brand) are not long lasting chews. Think of them as more of a really good treat that will hold their full attention for several minute while they make great progress on it. My 25lbs dog took about 20 minutes on his first one and has that down to about 5 minutes now that he knows exactly what to do. He gets super excited each and every time he is offered one and he is a dog that will start to refuse most treats after he has had them awhile because he wants something new.
My dog loves these and I like that it's good for him too.
The red stop sign catches people's attention. This works much better than a vest I had been using since people can see it as they walk towards us from the front.
We adopted a two year old Boxer-mix that has a bit of anxiety when home alone too long. We used the collar for 7 days as she got to know us and it worked wonders. She was noticeably calmer in about a week.
Dog toys are adorable .We have a friend that has a French bull dog Only likes balls to throw and play with, Shelby will love these. Well made and very pretty.
Fit well- always go a little bigger with these items. Stayed on her well in the water and did not float up uncomfortably. Great for dogs on the boat for a little added insurance in case they fall and in our case helping to teach a dog how to swim using all four legs evenly.
My dogs' energy seemed to come back after the first couple of scoops. Great product. Will definitely continue to use product!
Love this product! Easy to install in any car and helps to protect the seat! It gives our puppy her own space!
very durable no danger of breaking
Awesome crate bed! Good quality, easy to clean, great price, and my dog loves it.
I just use this in the vibrate mode only currently and my dog has responded very well. I am very satisfied with the purchase
Great unit. Much better than standard timers due to the dimming of the light. I have noticed the fish don't scatter as if scared when the light turns on or off any more. For the price its well worth the purchase. Oh also note that it does work with other light fixtures such as beamswork.
These were a big hit at the community dog park! Twelve 12" beef jerky strips, plenty to please all of the pups! My 4 year old loves to give the neighbors dogs treats. The ingredients are natural grass-fed beef and I feel confident that I'm passing on a healthy snack. Comes in a resealable zipper pouch which keeps them nice and fresh. These are perfect for dogs of all sizes. We fed them to poodles and pits. They looked and smelled so good I actually tried a bite myself and it was pretty tasty. It was a fun day at the park and everyone went away happy.
We needed new bark collars for our lab mix dogs and these were inexpensive, but work great.
My boxer loves it and surprisingly has not destroyed it!
Our dogs love there! Our doodles are chewers but these have lasted. We got them in all forms. Each time they get a new one, that becomes their favorite. They are toy-oriented and so spoiled.
My cat is a hunter but this bell does a great job to warn the doves of my cat approaching. They say if a dove dies their partner dies soon after of a broken heart, That is why you rarely see doves by themselves.
Love it! Great quality for the price and I even bought the harness to match. The colors are much more vibrant than expected and the blues really pop in the pattern.
I have owned three different set of Dogtra training collars. This was my newest purchase and I am 100% satisfied with these collars. The battery life is impressive and the remote setup is perfect for our use. The intensity range is great for us since one dog has extremely low sensitivity and the other has extremely high sensitivity. The ergonomic design is nice and I prefer it to the old block types that would get caught on everything.
I have purchased three packs of these thermometers. I rely on these for several of my tanks, including quarantine tanks for sick fish. I find that they are extremely accurate and easy to read. Great for the price and will continue to purchase these digital ones over the old-fashioned glass thermometers.
Super satisfied with this for the price!!
Love these little collars. Great for puppies..... Lots of colors
My dog just turned a year old but I still want her to have the best vitamin supplementation possible. We cook for our puggle and she is a very picky eater. She likes the taste of them and gobbles it up. I will purchase them again.
Well-constructed product. It's very secure, as well as easy to use. I've used other safety belts for my dogs, however, one would step on the seatbelt latch and the belts would release. The design of this safety belt prevents that issue. Love this product!
My guinea pig loves this blended food. Thanks!
Buddy loves his bed. He just goes right to every night!!
Provides needed light for the lizard.
I've had this for about 2 weeks now and my dogs have not destroyed it yet.. Surprising.. I will for sure be buying more from this company. The dog toys are made really well.
Standard small tank heater. Works well out of box. Probably good up to 20-30 gallons
Perfect to keep a small pet out of a room. Not heavy duty but fine for a blocking gate. Good price. I bought 2.
my dog is old as the mountains and this stuff seems to help him with energy.
Very satisfied to get this piece, which is interesting to look at and the perfect size for my new 10g tank.
I could've saved money having the vet do this but it was what said it would be. Told me what I suspected.
This seat cover works so well! Very happy with how it contains the pet hair in the vehicle.
So far it has been very sturdy with my fifty pound goldendoodle. The clasp is easy to use as well.
My feathers love them. They are wide enough for them and they also use them for scratching their heads. Nails show a difference the same day! Highly recommend!
our 1 yr old kitty loves to play this game. She bugs me to play with she gets bored. She understands when I say "do you want to play? " She looks at my hand to see if I am holding the laser pointer. Smart girl!
This thing is great!
Purchased these because they were on the Top quality end. Not cheap in product!! They are really nice, great weight, sharp, rounded ends, and a case to keep everything together. As a beginner I wanted something that would help me out and not hurt my dogs and these are really good at an affordable price.I found these grooming items to be of high quality and make grooming my Mini Schnauzers quite easy. The scissors are sharp, and the comb really does its job. Would buy these again!
Great product! Great price! And usually great shipping lol very convenient having it delivered to my front door instead of having to haul it around...this is my go-to litter choice.
Perfect size for our pup's mouth, great squeaker, stuffed well, decent fabric. The only downside is having to "surgically fix" them from time to time, only because she plays with them so much. She's not a heavy chewer, so beware if your pup is. It's also great to have multiple so she can play with a backup while 'mom' fixes the others.
i like the smell of this product. I used it for my dog.
Perfect for making a small outdoor fountain. We attached small sprinkler tubing to pump to shoot water into air so makes a great water sound and is also visually pleasing. Can't even hear pump motor. Perfect for using in any small water container. (We used a round copper fire box).
My puppy loves this product.
The dogs actually liked it
Problem solved! Walking four dogs? Get yourself a couple of these amazing leashes!
I give it to my mature lab and Shiba puppy. They love the taste and helps them have all the vitamins they need.
This fits a small dog very well. easy to put on.
Cricket seem to love them which is good and they are decently priced not a lot but still a good product
Great product for the price.
Really clearly printed!
These treats are our dogs' favorite.
Quick delivery and great quality.
This is such a nice quilted material! I got it for the trunk of my Highlander and it fits perfect. I went with this one because it had the slot for the seatbelt in case I ever upgrade her to riding in he back and it collapses to a nice little bag that I could just leave in the back until I need it.
Best dog food i have ever used, and i have used quite a few. My dogs love it, they just pick if I try to give them any of the other food I still had, won't eat any other food unless it is mixed with this.
The star looks great on our cat! It's the right size and visible in case she gets lost.....which we hope will never happen.
My cat loves this! He gets very excited when he smells it
I love this cat toy! My cats finally have a toy to look forward to.
Easy to put on and take off
Thank you! Definitely better than those cheap Walmart clippers.
This collar is awesome. Our dog is a barker. She bark at anything and nothing. I decided to try this after many unsuccessful products. It has brought peace to our backyard/neighborhood. I also like the snap-closure on the collar that makes putting it out and taking off so easy.
Helps my dog stay active.
as good as its supposed to be
Bought this for my 10-lb ShihTzu for a trip out west where we planned too get in the lake. Worked great for keeping her above the water for her first swim and also as a precaution while kayaking.
I thought i would have to dispose of my machine until i came across the replacement blade for it on amazon.
My dog loves these, and I love that there is a good amount of glucosamine in them.
This is a nice bag, well made and sturdy. I bought it based on price and size. I haven't actually taken the cat on a trip with this yet. He hates car rides, so I tend to avoid them whenever possible. I have set this carrier down in the living room, and he sometimes sleeps in it, which I hope will help him get adjusted to it for the inevitable day that we must use it for its intended purpose.
shows steady temp in tank
Great quality product and so easy to use
this is a quality piece of leather, and beautiful color- just what we were looking for our tri-color corgi- and at an affordable price. At 5 months old it fits him perfectly on the last hole (size medium), and we cannot wait for the leather to soften and distress more with wear. If you are handy with leather, you could easily use a punch to make a new hole for sizing if needed, or even add a brass nameplate. I am a horse owner, and shopped around for a leather collar with big-name brands- but this was the best find!
This is one wonderful crate. The metal is coated so there are no sharp edges. It is heavy duty and the 2 door system is great, depending on where you need to locate the crate. It also came with a divider so this crate is perfect from puppy size and up. I would highly recommend this crate.
Love it! Has worked for me everywhere I've taken my pooch so far. My happy with purchase and value. 2 thumbs up
My 6 mos old mini aussie puppy is a quasi power chewer so I like a thick bully stick- these fit the bill without being over-priced or smelly. Will def reorder. PS- I've tried a few brands now and this is a great buy.
I really like these bags.
All I can say is that this doggy shirt is adorable. I would order from this company again.
This is the best travel companion!
Great for my 6 year old. He painted 3 the first day they arrived.
My dog, Gilbert has struggled with cysts on his feet from seasonal allergies his entire life. Meds from the vet are ok but very costly. After using the spray for only 2 days, the affected area is so much better. I am so incredibly happy that it works so well.
Nice design. My dog feels comfortable in this harness but restrained well.
Dog loves it, this is a good thing.
No problems with my dog
This is a fun and interactive toy to keep your pets busy. My Labrador Retrievers have to play with their treat balls every day!
Can't count on its regular availability on Amazon prime 🙁
My 2 month old puppy loves these things.
I don't know how these work as I bought them as a donation for the local animal shelter. They were on their wish list so I guess they like them. I support animals in need.
We have a 3 year old dog. She loves to play fetch, she also loves to chew and destroy in house or yard. This treat ball increased her fun
Our cat loves this food, and it seems to have a lot of real chicken that you can see in every cup. Very nice to see real meat in a cat food.
Product as described
My kitty LOVES this tower! She was even climbing on it as we were putting it together! For the money, this tower is awesome. Easy to assemble, easy for my cat to figure out, and great price! It is taller than me when it is entirely put together (which is great) and my kitten is still kind of small, so I removed the top tier from tower while she is figuring it out and growing. Didn't want her to fall off from that high. But it is the perfect size without the top tier!
I added my own egg crate inside the pet bed cover, it was an old one I already had (I used two layers of the egg crate to place inside the pet bed cover.). I cut it up and presto, a great dog bed! My baby girl got on it as soon as I put it inside her kennel!
This toy is great for my Australian shepherd and figuring out how to get some treats out of it and fulfill her hunting instinct!!
I ordered this for my dog's crates. They're small dogs and it was just the right size. I need to order another one.
I would give one to my pooch every other day. Her teeth look great!
This was actually a great product and I'm glad I purchased it. It's not flimsy and its not heavy. I'm pleased with the result.
Worked great in training. Thankfully my dog potty trained quick because she started chewing them up.
Perfect to help relax my best friend during a storm.
I love this water fountain for my cat! My cat doesn't love it though. Haha But she doesn't like any change at this point. She's 7 and stuck in her ways. I gave it to a friend and her 2 cats LOVE it.
My dogs love snoozing on this very soft blanket.
Thank you for the dog lift harness. It definitely helps my dog get around better!
Dog eats it no problem
My wife loves how my yorkie puppy looks in this sweater. Keeps him warm when it's cold outside.
Very good, well made
My puppy loves it! It is not to big for him to pick up and toss around. It scared him the first time it squeaked. The only problem is my other dogs like it too, so I will have to order a cople more!
The dog loves it, wish I would've bought the larger one.
My bird enjoys this toy. Loves to carry the pieces around at this point. She is very interested in this toy
Less of it is needed. It works well, but as the package says you HAVE to scoop up the clumps daily for full effectivness.
Just as described. Tiny moss balls in great shape.
I like these foam inserts. I have a different filter than what these were designed for, but not a problem. These are easy to cut and fit great. They cost much less than the ones sold for my filter. So I'm pleased.
All of it arrived quickly and serves its purpose. The clicker is lightweight, so if you are looking for something with a bit of weight th is is not for you. The clicker works well in outside noise. They were kind enough to include training tips for both the clicker and bells, which ok found to be fantastic!
Went perfect with the matching cat fountain, that I love.
I HATE HAVING TO WRITE SOMETHING IN THE REVIEW IF I HAVE NOTHING TO SAY!
Very soft T-shirt material, perfect for summer.
I read a lot about this product before buying it and it was amazing! My Morgan had her hold rear-end covered in rain rot from this horrible Tennessee weather this year, and I didn't know what to do, I thought I'd have a huge vet bill and a lot of maintenance, but I sprayed this all on her and gently rubbed it in good and groomed her, after using it twice in two days it was 100% gone. Absolutely get this product if you need something like this for your fur-children.
This is a nice set and my cat took to it right away. Nicely made.
Unfortunately, the scatter tube we received from the vet didn't fit inside, and we don't want to open it, but this urn is, well, to die for. It's sturdy and gorgeous, and was set in AMPLE packaging so it arrived safely
My beagle weights 26 pounds, has 12 y/o, has one eye and underwent bilateral knee surgery. She can no longer go on long walks. This helps her stay active and still participate on long outings. Thank you!
It is exactly as it says. Fits the jeep perfectly
I love it and so did she
Had it on my dog for 30 minutes, that's all it took.
Our rabbit loves these little biscuits. If I so much as rattle the bag, she comes running up from wherever she is.
My 3 cat's like it. But I must watch their waste line with these, I believe it's the gravy they like first. I give to them sparingly, but overall, happy with the, my favorite 2 words, 'budget-friendly' price.
So easy to assemble & our dog loved it.
my conure loves to cuddle up to this toy
such a good dog collar made from soft leather
Keeps my 30yr old looking great, this is the only thing that worked for him. He lost a lot of weight through the winter, within 2 months he looked amazing. He is a extremely picky eater, and he licks his bucket clean every time.
Bought this for our older cat with hyperthyroidism who had been constantly jumping up to the kitchen and bathroom sinks because he only wanted to drink running water from the tap. He was drinking next to nothing from the regular water bowls we had out and his health seemed to be declining because of it. He loves this pet fountain. I see him drinking from it frequently and no more jumping up to the sinks. His energy has improved. We've had it almost 2 months and it's still running great. Easy set up, easy to add water/clean, and runs quietly. Only need to add water every 3-4 days. Very happy and satisfied with this purchase!
I have received my last three deliveries and the cans were severely dented! Vi am very disappointed and will cancel my future orders! Very disappointed!!
My babies loved them. Wish the clasp was easier to hook, but confident it will hold up.
I really love the fact that this is waterproof and sleek. My dog is not offended my wearing this and it doesn't bug him at all. It has a lot of different modes and everything is charged by a core that plugs in to any home outlet. I really enjoy this unit, I don't personally believe in hurting my dog, but he also barks a lot at random things. This allows him to concentrate and not be scared. I love the design and I love the fact that I don't have to buy batteries for this.
My 4 pound pop loves this
My dog likes the tablets and takes them without any problem.
My kittens absolutely love this mesh tunnel!!!
We've had this installed for about a month now, and so far no issues and works like a charm. If our dog could talk, I'm sure would tell you how it works..
I ended up buying these after having to return the Wahl Clippers I'd bought for my pup, clippers that were advertised as being quiet and were anything but. In any case, these are really quiet, my pup gets scared by loud clippers, these make it much easier to give him a haircut. At $50-60 for each professional clip, two at home cuts more than pay for this clipper. I like that it tells you when you need to stop and clean it as well as when you need to oil it as you use it. It takes a LONG time to cut my pups hair, not because of these clippers, but because I am still working on regaining his trust when it comes to me cutting his hair after the fiasco generated by the Wahl clippers. All in all, I recommend these to anyone with a dog who is afraid of loud clippers, I wish I'd bought these from the get go.
Awesome price and awesome value. Love taking it with me on walks with the new pup and he loves it too
Perfect for my needs. I have a plastic play pen for my little 3 pound Yorkie this hooks on to wall of play pen.i have one for food and one for water. She does not eat or drink alot so it is perfect. One thing..when she gets mad, she has figured out how to knock it out of holder most of the time she dies not do it.
So far our dog likes these. She was put on Derm Defense Prescription food. She did not like the hypoallergenic treats that I bought at the vet. I searched on Amazon and found thru the reviews that these treats are compatible with this dog food. So far so goo.
The product was good and long and is very well built.
We are pad training on hardwood floors and tile. Other cleaners were driving me crazy, because they've disinfect but leave a sticky floor and sticky feet! This takes care of it all and no sticky feet. Just looks good as new afterward.
This is a well made collar for my medium size dog. It is great as the tags attach to the little tab and keep the leash rings clear for actually clipping on the leash. I would definitely buy again and have already recommended to others.
This worked well to create a barrier for my dog in the back seat. It was easy to 'install' and stayed in place.
Excellent steps: easy to fold and unfold. My Lab learned how to use it in one try, with treats. Should help to save her from leg arthritis in the future. One criticism: need to have better plugs for the ends of the metal bars: they come off. I've replaced 2 with rubber.
Love this fence. Used for my rabbit pen.
My husky loves these! They're all natural and edible. Not like the plastic ones that can hurt her digestive track or the ones made from wheat which causes allergic reactions. HIGHLY recommend these!
These bowls are exactly what I was looking for to attach to my Midwest kennel. They are easy to install and detach to refill the bowls. My dogs love them too!
The larger plates hold my Samsung Note9 with a Zerolemon extended battery pack attached very well in my SUV, even on rough roads. I would recommend this product to everyone.
Works just like it was intended....I have no problem with it. I did however buy and command strip that you would hang pictures with and put it on the wall with that. Have had no issues. Seller was great as well.
As described. Replaced manufacturer's pump and this one works fine. We've been using it for 2 months now. No problems.
I love this if you've ever lost a fur baby you'd love it too because you can track where your pet is
Cat loves it. She stayed in it all day the first few days we had it! I was almost starting to worry it was making her too lazy :)
This product really works. set it up, it went off when dogs barked, no more barking dogs. I don't keep it on all the time, really don't need to only use when needed.
I have to say this product is amazing! I an 8 month old puppy that barks for everything! If my husband or I walk out the door, if his sister (our other dog) barks, when he has to potty, when he wants to get out of his cage, 3AM, no matter the reason or time he barks! I honestly thought we were eventually going to get a noise complaint. We've tried training classes and shock collars NEITHER has worked as well as the Anti Barking Device. He's barked once in the first 24 hours we had it. I was able to sleep through the night and he's also a lot more calmer. He's usually trying to chew thru whatever he can get his hands on, however he's sitting or laying calmly. I highly recommend!!!
Our little baby has to wear diapers and we have tried several different ones and these are the best ones we have ever tried. We tried some that were a lot more expensive and didn't like them as well as these. They can be taken off and can be put back on without any trouble.
Worked great for hiking with my pug when she needed a break! Easy to put on and take off.
like this because it is all metal and easy to clean by just spraying it with the garden hose. I can quickly clean up her messes in the yard too. This was extremely easy to put together and is very sturdy.
My chickens are safe and I worry less when I go on vacation that the people taking care of them will open and close the doors for them in the morning and at night.
So simple to open these packages usually I divide one between a couple of the cats and give it as a treat once a day
Product came as described.
Is as described and arrived not only on time but a little before.
I like these stair for my chi, he is only 5 pounds and this stair is easy for him to climb. plus they can easily be carried to my motorhome so he can get on the bed.
I have a 3 year old border collie heeler mix that weighs about 50lbs and he fits just fine in this. He has a dog bed and mainly lays down when we travel there is enough room in this for him to move around in. I like that it folds down. Its been in the rain and I haven't had any problems with this at all.
I had one before but I didn't remember where I put it. Ordered this one, worked the same just like the old one. I like how it collects the hair of course my cats hate it. Lol.
Perfect for my dog! He was overeating and eating too fast throwing up. Now he is slowed down and eats normal. What a great product!
I've ordered and installed two of these doors. I can't speak for the large sizes, as I've gotten the small doors for my cats, but I really like the quality of the small doors. The installation isn't too difficult if you're good with tools. You will need a jigsaw and drill with 3/8" drill bit to cut a hole in your door. The directions that come with the door are very clear and helpful. I would advise using caulk around the perimeter of the pet door if you're concerned about air leakage. Be careful with the plastic screws that hold the frame pieces together as they are pretty flimsy and can strip out easily. They provide a couple extra screws in case you mess one or two up.
better than most brands, great value
It really works.. best purchase I've done. Now i can take my dogs out for a walk... they enjoy and I do too.
I love that it's not hollow, the hollow ones tend to break and splinter easily. I definitely prefer this horn!
I absolutely love this product. Made feeding my litter of 5 pups so much easier. I was able able to control their food intake. The handle made it convenient for bringing food to where they were at. Removal bowls made for easy clean up. I'm very pleased.
Sent these home to my parents for their pug -- I'm in the process of spoiling him EXTRA hard since we discovered he has Congestive Heart Failure. Ma said he devours these and does his happy circle run around when she grabs the bag and he hears it!
Nice collar, well made, and fits as promised.
I love the padded handle! I have two labs who like to pull and regular leashes can hurt! The loop is big enough to slip up my arm and hold them using my elbow and that doesn't hurt either! The leash also has a keyring type clip to hold your waste bags or keys. It's awesome! I'll never forget the bags and it's not another thing to hold! The thickness of the leash is nice and the clip to go on the dog collar is sturdy. They look very nice too.
Works great, smells great, great price
FIrst day one tool was broken. Emailed the company and they 2 day shipped out a replacement and have had no issues since.
My cat still likes me!!!!
Works really well! A little complicated to set up just a tip: if the water isn't pumping through when your first setting it up it's okay to cut the hose shorter!
Perfect fit, These will work well.
My toy poodle had severe cracks & dry skin on her nose. Nothing I tried worked. The lotions & creams I had were not safe for consumption & she always licks her nose. It is such a relief to find an ointment that will not harm her if she ingests it! I ordered this product - applied twice a day & in just 5 days her nose is baby soft. The cracks are gone. I am so relieved. I love this product. I will continue to apply every day just to be on the safe side!
These last forever and my dog loves them! They don't splinter and I don't worry about her with them.
Use this to tie the dog(German Shepard) to our rv when we go camping. She hasn't ripped it or broke it so seems like it will last a long time.
It swims well. Quality is good. The product meets the description and contains an additional 10 batteries that can last for a long time. If the toy floats only on the surface, add the load as instructed.
These are far superior to the Amazon Basics brand. They don't leak through even when my dog pees on the edge.
It worked as it said it did. I just smashed up with the back of a spoon and then put in their wet food
Great idea! We liked the one so much we bought for our puppy that we got one for the cat!
I brought a Monarch caterpillar inside that I found flailing around on the ground in the backyard. I ordered this right away, but was concerned about the size. It was perfect, and I could have raised quite a few from chrysalis to butterfly in this. Next year
Save us the time & money to the groomer, helps a lot that our dog is passive! Overall, it's a great investment!
Amazing for the price!
This is great hideout/toy for my daughter's new dwarf winter white hamster. He loves going through it and standing on top of it. Glad it's made of wood in case he wants to chew it. It was wrapped well.
This stuff makes my puppies stools easier to scoop up. My dog has a fast metabolism & goes up to 6 times a day. This has been a game changer
My introduction to this product was on the TV show Shark Tank. I had a puppy at the time who was too young for typical flea & tick products. I liked that it was safe to use on baby animals as well as safe to use around children & anything in the house so I decided to try the product. It was expensive for the 16 ounce bottle I bought at my pet store, but it was worth it! It took a few uses for my puppy to get used to being sprayed, but once she got the rub down she was hooked & she was flea & tick free. Then summer came & we had an infestation of ants in my kitchen (I bake a lot). I got online to read more about other products in the Wondercide line & read that it repels ants as well so I tried it on a trail of ants & it worked! Now that I have a new puppy to add to my family, I use the flea & tick product again and I now order the house & garden product for the ants when they come. They really don't like it & seem to stay away as long as I spray. Thank you Amazon for selling the products at more affordable prices! And I love the smell of the product!!
One came broken, but I taped the side together so it will be fine. Works great for what I got it for! My dogs are comfortable in them. They don't go back to the original circle shape but they do fold back down easily.
Didn't expect it is so easy to clean the brush after use. Pretty good brush
Good product for the price. I like the fact it has the recommended dosages of each ingredient to be effective. All of our horses are on this and are doing well. The other nice thing is that our horses actually like to eat the product. I've got 2 that could pick the peas out of a tuna casserole (if they were allowed to eat tuna casserole) and they seem to like this supplement. If you have picky horses you know how frustrating it can be to buy supplements only to have them turn their nose up no matter how much grain you try to hide it in. Give this a whirl, it seems to have a sweet taste to it and it is effective.
Dog has been on this forever, works great, a lot easier to buy than going to my vet. Recommend
This ointment was amazing! My fur baby had a rash all over her face and arms. After a week of applying the ointment, her rash started to clear up. For better results, I applied it twice a day on her. It does have a strong smell but nothing unbearable.
I have a large golden Retriever who is not quite a year old. I have tried numerous harnesses and leash tapes with her and yet everyone of them has made it incredibly difficult to take her for a walk . She pulls and is so excited it's often difficult for me to handle her. She is 80 lbs and I am only 100lbs so you can imagine the difficulty for me. This harness was amazing in it's design and durability. I was able to walk her calmly without pulling and stressed making it a beautiful walk. I have recommended this to many people. I will be buying another for my other dog
Product as described. Great quality and would purchase again.
This stuff is liquid gold! Such a great product!
Photo taken after 2 weeks. Looks good. All alive.
We got a new collie puppy and while she plays with it she certainly doesn't like how hard she has to look for the treats. It is something she will use over and over.
This box is large enough for both my cats. The locking bars work fine and the box is lightweight. I'm not worried about the handle because I don't carry the box.
Sturdy. Strong. Both of my cats even got on top together- good size and product for two cats.
These are my pups favorite treat!
Liked the large size of this pad and the waterproof backing. I use the pad to line the bottom of a play pen for my chinchillas. Very easy to clean up any accidents, as you can throw it in the wash! Its not easy finding large size pads for small animals so I was very pleased to find this one!
My chickens come running when this treat is offered. I'm thinking it's possible to train a chicken to respond to a whistle or call if I combine it with feedings. If that works I can add Chicken Caller to my resume.
I love this! My piggy poops and pees so much and this fleece is perfect for soaking up the urine and making my room smell fresh haha. My biggie also loves the little pocket. I got the midwest size and its absolutely perfect and comfortable for my piggy's feet.
Fit our cage perfectly and our hamster enjoys them
Save money and use this.Works great
My African grey would not touch them at first. A month went by and I told my wife if I knew anyone who had a bird I'd give them to them just to keep them from going to waste. I put five or six in her food dish and all of a sudden she attacked them. These are now by far her favorite food and I honestly believe she would try to chew through her cage to get to them if zi left them in her sight. Parrots are very wasteful but I find if I place a paper under her food dish she will get down on the floor of her cage and clean up the scraps. These have been a big win here.
Really solid scooper. Feels very durable. Hoping it'll last a long time.
Excellent quailty,I would definitely recommend this collar .Well made and attractive!
My dog loves this bones
I bought this item because I have a cat who loves to drink from the bathroom facuet... I was hoping this would wean her off of the faucet but that didn't happen, still an amazing product, just a stubborn cat. All my cats love this and drink from it often.
We have two cats that revel in kicking up litter and this mat contains about 90% of that mess. Love it! Love it! Love it!
Keeps my goats healthy and they love the taste!
Love these!! I have been using them for almost 5 years now and have only had to replace them once so far for my two large dogs. They work wonders to silence the jingling noises and help keep the tag dust/dirt away
Great value! Looks much more expensive than it actually was.
Great clumping and easy to scoop.
This is my puppy's absolute favorite toy. He enjoys removing the chicks from the hut and playing with them on their own. The chicks are small and can easily slide under my couch but more fun ensues for my puppy to try to get them out
I love this collar! Very stylish and I like that it's easy to adjust the length. It's soft too so I feel like it's not irritating to kitty. I'd definitely buy another!
Great product that is easy to fill/use. It is not the sturdiest feeder, I am sure, but my kitty loves it and that is all that matters!
I use this as a hands free leash for my service dog, and I love that I can unclasp it quickly and easily to give him more space as needed. I also love that I can tie him to a park bench or tree at the park when we're ready to take a break from walking. The only gripe I have is that two connections are on one side of the leash while the third is on the opposite side rather than them all being on the same side of the leash. One of those connectors will be rubbing on your back if you're using it handsfree like I do, and it can be annoying, but other than that this is the best leash I've found by far. It's well made and sturdy and the connectors can be used to hold poo bags and hand sanitizer easily and they're still large enough to easily clip the leash clips to.
I never wanted to be a dog parent that needed one of these, but here I am. I have a year old puppy that will not listen when it comes to eating things he's not supposed to outside. It's super easy to use and I love that there are different settings. I mostly use the vibrate but when I do need to use shock I have to use at least 80 for my dog to even notice it. My use of the collar is to have my dog drop whatever is in his mouth from a distance so a lower setting might work for your dog. There's a charge port to put the collar and remote on which is awesome. The collar is also super long but you can trim it to fit.
My puppy is about 15 pounds. She would chew through the cheap store bought ones. I ordered this thick one online and it's been good so far.
Good salt. My fish seem to like it. 😊
My cat is a very peculiar girl. She doesn't take well to new things. I thought she might like this heated cat bed, so I bought it for her. Within 20 minutes she was laying and napping HARD in it. She has yet to move out of it. I think she has a new favorite thing. I am so glad I bought this bed.
Easy to use! With three dogs over 50lbs, there's a lot of poop in our yard; it has saved our backs and kept our grass nice as we use it daily/every two days and we don't have to exert too much effort. The individual pipes on the poles can get a little loose if you turn it suddenly so you do have to be careful.. and if we wait for longer than 2 days, we have to use multiple bags.. p.s- we clean the rake part easily with a hose and we twist the handle part of the grocery store plastic bags to secure the bags in place so we haven't had any messes on our hands! Plus using the pancake method to pick up some of the not dried poop also seems to help.
This stuff is awesome! Cleared up my dachshund's dirty ears like a charm!
Seeing improvement of their skin and coat already. One dog needs the capsule opened and put on her food the other one will eat anything.
My cats are indoor, but I keep the windows and doors open, so fleas do have the ability to get in the house. One of my cats was starting to show symptoms of having fleas, and I opted to try this vs a visit to the vet to tell me he has fleas. Did some research, and gave this a try. I'm still on the first application, but flea issue has subsided. Also, not as smelly or greasy as other flea medicines.
We really like This Dog Bed .Very Happy with It.
This is great and very strong
My cats LOVE these. Buy it make your cat happy. Happy cat= playful cat
We bought this for our new cat. He had a flea problem; this product has corrected it.
Always good, as expected.
Great water fountain! I was recommended to buy this product from my Vet Tech sister to encourage my cat to drink more water. My cat would rarely drink water and he started to not want dry food. After buying this product, he has started eating more dry food (I rarely need to give him wet food anymore) and he drinks way more water now! He is finally gaining weight and he seems much happier now. The fountain is the perfect size: it's small enough to fit on his food mat. It is very quiet. I love that it comes with the dental tablets to help with dental health. I would definitely recommend this product!
My cats love this toy! They will sit and look at it until I turn it on. Best cat toy purchase in a long time!
Great quality! Exactly what I wanted and hard to find. Thank you!
These last me for months! Easy to tie and they hold a lot 😁
If you didn't get results from this then you're doing something wrong or you didn't wait the full time. I've read in a couple negative reviews where it says, it's been 2 weeks still no coralline, you guys have got to be kidding I hope. It says right on the bottle and in the directions that it can take up to 8 weeks. If you are having trouble with this product then you need to test your aquariums water. I have used this in 2 separate tanks now and between 1 and 3 months I got an explosion of really nice different colors all over my rock. I have some green algae from before but it now won't grow on any rocks that have the spots on them. Will never run a tank again without using this.
I have 3 dogs of all sizes and they love their new toy. For the price of one, I got 2 so they didn't have to all fight over one. They were playing with each other and ripping it around the yard! There were no holes or marks on the toys after they were through playing. Usually they chew through toys no problem but these are durable. The best part is the cleaning brush that comes with it, it makes clean up SO easy!
I purchased an XL and my dog is about 40 lbs, chest is about 25” and length about 20”. It's slightly short for her but most things are as she is a whippet mix with odd proportions. I would like one in every color!
My dog hates me clipping her nails with regular clippers! I am so bummed I waited so long to order these. It was a breeze
Totally works and super useful!
This is a very useful tool. The leather protects your hands from getting burned. The second handle is great when I want to hold the dog close to his collar.
I cannot believe how much pet stores charge for these cat collars! I got this set and they are even nicer than the pet store ones! Highly recommend.
A great look well crafted and very durable. Extremely friendly and courteous customer service. I will definitely purchase another as my dog continues to grow.
Huge bag and my dog loves them and has really helped his breath and touchy tummy. Packaged well with a fresh lock zip top. Would buy again.
Excellent quality at a great price.
My dog has not liked any canned foods she absolutely loves this one ! The good thing a or the variety pack is that she's soo picky and won't always eat the sameness one so it's perfect !! The ingredients are great and usually when I switch foods I have to deal with the temporary diarrhea, not with this ! Love it :)
We live in a wooded area- and have a big dog that is black.we can let him roam a bit as we can see where he is at all times as the adjustable nature fit is growing period. This is our second one. Best feature-easy to use and provides visibility under all weather conditions. Least favorite- the excess of the adjustable strap might be accomplished with a different mechanism. This is our 3rd one Hi
Great for our budgies!
My cat loves this scratching post. It is well made, doesn't turn over and has the little ball that he loves.
so far my picky dog loves the taste of these chews. Even if she didn't care for them it would be so easy to break them up into the food. I will add to review after i have used the entire pouch . I have high hopes for this product.
I have a smallish black dog that disappears into shadows and night an this collar is perfect to help keep an eye on him. He is so small I was able to get two equal lengths out of the collar portion and I love that it is rechargeable.
Big enough/ strong enough not to be chewed up in minutes !
Our dog seemed to like this bed just fine. She then shredded it to pieces a few months later. Dogs.
good price and my cat knows how to use it right after I put litter inside!
This pool works very well. It's foldable so it's easy to carry around. It's made out of high quality material, so it's very durable and safe to use.
Our bunny is so adorable we decided she deserved to be in a grander home than her cage. This is a wonderfully affordable way to give her a two storey addition to her home, and we can change the layout for her to suit.
My cat loves it. I was worried about the struggle I might face getting her to ingest it, but it must taste pretty good, because she gobbles it up no problem! Bought it upon recommendation from her vet, Kitty is 14+ and jumping up and down from furniture has been more of a challenge for her recently. Within a week of using, her slight limp has subsided so I know she's feeling better! Very happy with the product, and will definitely continue use for the rest of Kitty's days.
This was a miracle for out Great Dane puppy. This one in particular was too large for our pup, but we are keeping it for him to grow in to. But in general this type of collar is a life saver. He used to pull so much that it was impossible to walk him. I put this on him and he immediately behaves! I used this for about 3 weeks on a consistent basis and now he does very well without it on a regular collar as well! I only use this pinch collar when we will be in exciting places where he will be prone to pulling. I like that the links are easy to remove but are secure. It great to be able to add links while my pup grows. Just like all prong collars this has popped open during walks - make sure to use a carabiner or something to link it to the regular collar. If you have a nervous dog, this is probably not for you! Also fear not! These collars do not hurt the dogs! I put this around my own neck to test it, and it is not painful!
So easy to clean and set up! My guinea pigs love it. I had to separate them due to aggressive fighting, but they get some play time as long as I'm supervising.
As describe, would buy again
It arrived a day earlier than expected, my bird likes his new rope.
My dogs love your toys. They play with them every day. One of my dogs has a biting problem and your toys help with that problem.
My cat has been eating this product since 2006. He loves it! It is so healthy for him. We are very happy with what they put into the food -- all the veggies fruits and chicken. It helps with his plumbing also. Get it for your cat. He/She will love it!
These calming treats are amazing! They have helped both of my dogs during thunderstorms, fireworks, and other stressful situations.
Great leash! We needed something to walk our Pitbull with and my wife wanted to be able to grab the leash closer to the collar so the extra handle there works well!
Got this for my teething puppy to keep her mouth busy and she loved them. I will be ordering more
Really good diapers really durable absorbs really good too ive used them for a while now really good quality and my puppy looks so cute on them too.
Surprisingly very good quality. My husky sheds a lot and she just recently got car sick in my car which was such a pain to clean. Hopefully it'll be easier to clean if it even happens again. It delivered the next day too which was awesome. I'll update this if something happens to it lol.
Great product and gets the job done....quickly and easily
Our minpin gets one a day and it seems to help him. Good product.
THANK YOU BABY JESUS!! I have the PICKIEST of yorkies. She is 14 yrs old, blind, and deaf...on top of just plain spoiled. She needs 2 heart medications TWICE a day..oh...and she's only 4lbs. As anyone can imagine, that makes for a difficult time to get medication in pill form down. She's quite wise in her old age and manages to find the pills in ANYTHING I try to hide them in. Smoked Gouda didn't even work!! After a bunch of online research, youtube videos, and finally Amazon...I came across these bad boys. I use the soft, flexible, silicon tip that is sliced to open up and actually hold pills. Following the online instructions and youtube videos, I hold her head back to open the throat with my left hand (I'm right handed) then take the dispenser with the medication held by the tip and slide it just past the back of her tongue and POP! and hold her mouth shut. Less than a minute I can pop both pills down her throat with little to no disruption my lil princess's day...compared to 30min to an hour of me trying every treat and cheese in the book. So again I say...Thank you.
If your expecting a litter of puppies or kittens these are a must have! They allowed us to keep track of them much easier!
I started using this about 5 or 6 days ago. We were told by the vet to start "brushing" but we never seem to get around to doing it so I thought this was the next best thing in addition to their dental chews. I am not sure about how long it takes to start removing the plaque but I will send an update once I see if it works on that. The one thing I was happy about was that both dogs don't seem to mind the taste.
Excellent Filter for use in aquariums. My shrimp love it!
Both my Quaker parrot and love bird love their huts. They always sleep in them every night. Just make sure to inspect them frequently for loose strings for safety.
My dogs love this toy. They are miniature Schnauzers and have opened the seams after a short time. I removed the stuffing and they are continuing to play with it. I have definitely gotten my money's worth.
So cute! Pay attention to the sizing chart. My dog usually wears a S but had to get her a M in this.
The best I have found. Extremely easy to the minister and very effective.
I don't normally write product reviews, but I'm bucking precedence because this collar is pretty amazing. I have a bichon who barked CONSTANTLY. My neighbors were complaining about the noise. I was skeptical, but I decided to try the collar. To my surprise, my dog virtually stopped barking in a day and a half. The first time it went off, she was startled and immediately stopped her barking jag. She tried testing it a couple times, like she thought the beep was a fluke. She quickly learned that it wasn't. Now she just makes low growls when the neighbors come home. She's always just quiet enough to avoid triggering the collar. I can't recommend this collar enough.
Using it to protect seats from car seat and baby. Money well spent.
My cat loves this and it's so easy to set up. I've had it for about 2 months now and it's still going strong. Plus my cat no longer begs for sink water! Yay!
Great portable chair that is lightweight and comfortable to use. The rubberized feet on the chair are made well and help to prevent sliding and have nice grip. The chair can be folded up and is kept closed via a velcro strap. The chair also has a nice sling to help carry it. The included carrying case is a nice addition to help transport the chair.
This works great for cleaning my dog. I used half amount that I usually used to wash her with other brand and it was enough to clean her :) It helped my dog to stop being itchy. also she doesn't lose fur as much as she was losing before so cleaner home , natural product, happy little friend and happy me :)
I like the dropper included!
Was a little worried that my cats would not warm up to this fountain, as it was not similar to the they have been using the last 2 years, but they warmed up to it right away. I like the design and how quiet it is. Bonus is a night light.
Love the color! Bowl is deep and big. Great for an extra water bowl.
My senior dachsund loves it after she realized the treats aren't in the puzzle pieces.
It was really easy to assemble and is pretty study once assembled. My cats have gone wild playing on it and they love sleeping in the cozy cubes too.
Driving with this is like day and night.... it's a permanent installation on my dog car now. Super easy to install and exceptionally functional
This thing is massive folks!
I needed a replacement for my previous water bottle and it works great no leaks and my bunny loves the size of spout. Very easy to use and refill.
Works great! Lots of small bubbles, very even flow. Seems well made.
I bought these for Hurricane Dorian. (It works for really any emergency though!) These stickers are very thick, easy to write on, and very sticky. I pet sit and foster a lot so having multiple stickers is great. I may laminate one and find a way to stick that to the window for any I'm fostering or pet sitting. It's a great size to grab attention as well. I love the brightness of the color and hope it doesn't sun bleach too quickly. Also don't forget to have enough carriers, updated collar tags, collars that fit properly, and microchip all pets and scan them at their annual exam to make sure they're working.
Ok, In the past I bought one of those nail grinders on TV like this one. It was a POS. I had a very negative opinion of this types of battery device to trim my dogs nails. But I relented and purchased this one. This is the best . At first my dog was skittish but then she became used to it. The high-speed works like a champ. The sanding disc only turns in one direction therefore you have to articulate the trimmer according to the direction of the sanding wheel. With the curvature of the now. For instance in your right hand for One Direction and in your left hand for the other direction. You have to be careful that the small dogs nails don't get caught between the sanding wheel and the plastic outer casing. I highly recommend this product.
These bags are a good value for the quality. Just the right size for my dog and they do what they're supposed to. This is my second box. Thanks!
These are the best pads I have ever used. I have an arthritic Golden Retriever and she uses these on my back porch at night. They are large, absorbent, and best of all, they lay FLAT. All the other pads I have tried curl up or have creases that reduce their effectiveness immeasurably. Great product
I had ants coming in to raid my cats food; this bowl has been totally effective in solving the problem. It does what it says.
WORKS GREAT! LOOKS GREAT AND EASY TO PUT TOGETHER
Well made appears to be very comfortable!
This is exactly what I needed. The wheels were super easy to pop on and it stores under the cabinet with ease.
Great straps to hold onto the dog
Lasts longer and take doesn't get stuck
As soon as my cat smelled the scent on the furniture he quit scratching it, and he no longer takes apart my silk floral arrangements on the dining table! It's also a more pleasant scent than I expected.
Looks cool and I really love it! Very comfortable and sturdy leash. Well made.
I never wanna take it off my girls. They looks super cute in it.
I am very impressed with this product. Works very well with removing stray surface hair. It is great and easy to use, after all then it clean itself . Awesome!
Beautiful collar! Great quality!
I'm only giving this rating cause it is a really nice cage. Im glad I invested in it. Plus it was in my budget as wel of $30.00 at the time. Im getting a bird for my birthday in march. So im buying what I need early. It was slightly frustrating to place the bottom doors in on the side cause they don't go in easily. Thankfully I won't need to take that apart much. Over all very good size for parakeets I ended up returning this for the flight cage version since I received 2 parakeets. Again I bought the flight cage at $50.00. Unsure why the prices went up. I would love another one but will go with what I can on budget. So I'm glad I bought it when both were marked down. Very sad that they are more expensive to buy now.
Love the quality of the leash - Soft grip and made great -
Cover was great for 40 sec and then ball inside split! so not sure for the long run.. haha
my dog no longer pulls gives you total control. i have a great dane and he is easy to hold due to wear the handle is placed.
It is really working on either furniture or clothes. It is pretty nice.easy to clean and easy use!
My baby girl is only 6 pounds so had to put alittle pillow in hers. But she loves it, she can see where we are going now. Wasn't exactly happy when I moved her to the back seat in it, but got tired of moving it when a person went off with me. Well worth the money
My dog had a bad case of ear mites. This helped immensely! Highly recommend.
absolutely adorable outfit!!
Perfect Fit easy to use and effective!
same as picture the shown above no complain awesome!
Fits perfect and so much easier and less expensive than others. I will recommend.
I was hesitant to buy this at first for fear of hurt our dog. The collar doesn't seem to bother him (he doesn't try to bite at it) and it worked great in a short time. There are options for a beep, vibration, or static shock which can be adjusted (love that part). I just use the vibration(the beep cannot be turned off). It comes with detailed instructions on how to use the collar during training as well!
Super gentle on our Bulldog! Smells amazing, is gentle, and lathers well. I also love that it is soap free!
My cats really love these so that makes me happy. This is definitely their favorite treat. Once they see the tube, they come running. I use it as a reward when I call them in from the backyard in the evenings, and they come right away, they will get this treat.
This bed is incredibly soft and our dog loves it! He is a labradoodle and fits very well in it!
I love the lava ledges, I have been using them for years. Creates a nice obstacle for rats to climb inside the cage, and files their nails.
Bought this because my cat is extremely smelly when he used the toilet, this kept my place from smelling like a shelter! Love this litter box!! Highly recommend! Easy to clean, big enough for more than one cat, and I love how it keeps the smells inside, as long as you clean it regularly!
My dogs' love their beds, but the covers were beginning to fall apart. I don't like the idea of just throwing things away if I can refurbish them. When I found these covers, they were exactly what I was looking for - soft and waterproof. They've also proved to be durable. My dogs dig at the covers to make their beds "just so", but the covers have stood up to the dogs. I bought a second set of these covers so that I can clean one set while the other set is on the dogs' beds. Thank you for a great product.
It was a pretty sweater it made my pup looked even cuter and I think quite warm
I purchased because I am planning on taking my Indian Ringneck parrot on vacation with us. It is very well built, heavy and spacious. I read the reviews so knew when putting it together to put the bar in fist. My bird loves the gripper perch. I feel the cage was worth the money. It will last the lifetime of the bird. I have used it several times already to take my bird to the vet and while traveling.
Good.quality and great colors shipped fast
My cat LOVES this! I like that it has three sides, and in theory will last longer than others.
Bought this so I could carry my cat around without anyone noticing there's a cat inside. This bag is beautiful... we love it!
Most humane muzzle on the market
Very good quality and easy to peal off, excellent price I definitely recommen the product and seller, thank you
I bought this elephant 6 weeks ago and my dog loved it so much, he destroyed it. So I bought him another. He's an aggressive chewer so I understand completely that nothing is gonna hold up....
This is a great little travel trimmer
This tear stain remover works wonders. My dog has a terrible issue with drainage from his eyes. Within 3 days of use both eyes were free of all the gunk. It's gentle and doesn't bother his eyes at all. Highly recommend this product.
Dog loves them. Noticeable difference in dogs coat. Eats them as a treat and chews them right up. No fish smell that I've noticed
I haven't had to use it yet. 😀 it's ready if I need to
The product works well. My dog is comfortable in it. We tested it out by playing fetch at the beach; it kept her head above water, and she played happily not seeming at all bothered that she was wearing it.
Great filter at great price.
I've used a few different Zymox products and this is great just like the rest. My lab couldn't stop itching a spot on the outside of his ear and I put this on for a few days religiously and it helped calm the itchiness for him.
My pups have very sensitive skin and this helps with keeping them from having and hot spots.
My dog absolutely loves these and thinks that they are treats. They have kept her teeth and gums so clean that she has not had to have a professional cleaning in years. And her breath smells so nice. They may seem expensive, but not as compared to anesthesia and vet cleanings.
Great product!!!! My fur baby loves it and it feels great giving him really high quality whole foods.
I take them everywhere. Very practical. Making sure my dog doesn't get to chewing them to prevent holes.
Fits snugly, sturdy kickstand, good protection. It's probably not going to win any "beauty contests", especially if you like the aesthetics of an iphone, but I kind of like it's functional, utilitarian look. This will do the job nicely.
it was fresh and smelled good i give this to my parrots for extra vitamins
Product seems to work well for my 80 lb Rhodesian Ridgeback. I only give her two per day. She gobbles them up so they must taste good...
This stuff is amazing. Our new kitten accidentally got shut in my daughters room overnight and well...things happened. I tried other products and even shampooed the whole room but I just couldn't get the urine smell out. I thought I was going to have to replace her carpet completely. However just one coat of this on her carpet and the smell is completely gone! Thank goodness! I'm ordering another bottle just to keep on hand!
My dog no longer ate all parts of his blue dog food. I made the switch after a vet recommendation and now my dog has less allergies & he eats all the food
I am a long time Rachel Ray dog food user. I find it does my pups well and it keeps their diet balanced. No fatties unless they overeat. This product is great in general. The price is better than any store I've tried locally in WA or in TX when we lived in DFW. I will be setting it up for monthly order.
Nice side quick dry very convenient and portable
The vest is a very good color for High Visibility and was very easy to install on the dog. The material feels like it will withstand her adventures in the forest.
Really like this bowl for my short mug English Bulldog. He can still get in the sides (not too narrow like other bowls) and it helps slow down his eating. Sturdy and the small size was plenty big did his portion.
My dogs are very fond of these. I've never tried them myself...teeth aren't strong enough.
She loves these treats
This is a great Dog Grooming Kit. I bought it to help groom my mom's Shih Tzu. I took him to PetSmart but they said they couldn't groom him because he was to afraid of the noise of the clippers. I read this one was quiet so I purchased this. It makes noise but not as much as other clippers, and the hair comes off very easy. He let me groom him, it didn't come out perfect but it was my first time, I'm sure with practice it will be better. I also used it on two of my dogs (medium sized white terrier mix and medium size wolfhound mix) and the hair also came off easily, no cuts or anything. I had only charged it for about 20 minutes and I've used it for about 2 hours now without recharging. A great product!
My cat didn't love this but it arrived promptly and was easy to plant. Started growing very quickly.
Even my puppy could not chew through the cord. Now she walks great a year later and it's still working.
I bought two of these for my 19 chickens! No more frozen water! I just plugged them in the barn and set on the ground. Fantastic! Saved all the frozen water issues! Highly recommend !!!
THIS IS A WELL MADE PRODUCT, VERY EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND THE KITTEN TOOK TO IT FIRST THING.
Astro loves his new collar . It's width is perfect for his neck . Strong ,durable, he's not going to break this one !!!
Almost a year ago we were told by two vets (across town from each other) that our nine year old dog Stormy had less than two weeks to live. We changed her diet completely, prayed a lot and she is still with us, thank God! One thing I wanted to do was change her old ceramic bowls, made in China, to stainless steel. I read many reviews which sounded great, but they were still made in China. I wanted Stormy's bowls made in the U.S.A. for many reasons, mainly that I could support our entrepreneurs and trust that the product was made to the correct standards of being suitable for human use. I love the shape and size of these bowls and the fact that they can go into the dish washer for extra sanitation. I thought about getting bowls with rubber on the bottom, but in the end I'm happy that I chose not to go that route. Rubber will eventually degrade, and the mat I place the bowls on keeps them put while our little Stormy has her meals. Thank you Basis Pet and thanks to Amazon for making shopping for various products so much faster and making me a more informed buyer.
I have a BMW 320i four door, fits like a glove. Super light and easy to install. Worth the price than having my doggies ruin my seating lol. It also does not let the dog go to the front which is good for me because they may be a distraction when driving.
My kitty actually likes this stuff. It is also very helpful for her issues.
My dog LOVES these! He gets one every morning and looks forward to it. It doesn't take him long to finish one. They are perfect for treats.
Loved it! I thought it would be gaudy but its perfect
The only dip i use, I recommend using a little more than directed. Works great
The recipient is very pleased. So am I.
So far so good, after a few uses. I prefer it more than my dogs do. Better alternative to regular bug spray for humans and not a strong odor to have on an animal.
Dogs favorite treat. Does not stain carpet or flooring.
What's not to like? Good to replace your carbon cartridges once a month... Don't know if it helps much with algae, but my fish are still going.
Yes, Buzz does like this product. He uses it for his bed, and less for scratching.
First time I have ordered this and it wasn't NOT damaged love the bubble wrapper envelope.
These Chuck it balls are their best offering for a dog that's a non stop chewer. They hold up longer than most, and are the best choice price wise too.
I like that you can treat both cats and dogs with this product. I didn't like that I didn't know who made it until today.
Best hob filter... Works great with flow adjustments.
This is a great gate and the price is right
The kit arrived promptly and in new condition. I haven't had occasion to use it yet but I'm sure it will do the job easily. I like the case to keep the tools together and easily available.
Easy to use, smooth and nice material
Cats like it like opium. One pack in am and one in pm for 2 cats. . Need more for red blood so not anemic. That has happened to one cat.
Great for my pup. He likes to chew on it and it hasn't fallen apart in a million little pieces. It keeps him occupied and cleans his teeth, which is a win-win.
My older dog was having trouble getting up and down. He's been taking a daily Zukes "treat" (he thinks they are) for almost 2 years. Within a couple of months of starting on them, he was acting like a puppy again! I have recommended them to other friends with older dogs. My Angus won't go a day without his.
We use this product with our working Border Collies. The best feature on this product is the ability to lock the remote. Now we don't have to worry about accidentally pressing buttons while the remote is in a saddle bag. The charge lasts a decent amount. Definitely a great product and very affordable!
Super quiet. I really love this little air pump. I have 2
We have a 6 foot 125 gallon tank and this light is perfect. Even lighting throughout our display tank really makes it look nice. we are running salt water and so far the saltwater has not damaged the light.
Didn't leak and easy to use. I love that our fur-baby likes drinking out of it too. I clean it and keep it in the refrigerator so we can just grab it and go
These are a great tool for fitting our pygmy goats for show :)
I have a Husky mix who sheds like crazy and this comb pulls TONS of dead hair out. Highly recommend!
Bought as a christmas gift. Appears to be a good product.
This has made it super easy to fix my aggressive chicken..would recommend before doing anything else
Excellent product, but buy from another Vendor. Took 3 WEEKS to receive item.
This product is amazing! Everywhere we go we get stopped and receive compliments and people ask us where we bought the stroller! It's an excellent stroller for the price and quality for the money worth compared to the other competition out there. Definitely something I recommend buying for you furry friends! They will love it just like out little ones did!!
Controls the dog superbly.
I bought this for my daughter and son in law as a house warming gift for their two cats. It a very nice height! The cats love it!
I will try to remember to update once it's been used a while, but this kennel was super easy to set up and is such a good size for my boy! My hubby and I both started new jobs recently with schedules that line up a little closer together, so now my boy has to be in a kennel 8 hours a day 2 days a week. I decided he needed a larger kennel so he could sprawl, stretch, and move around easier. This is exactly what we needed! It's big enough for him AND my 6'3" husband to sit in comfortably (not that my husband is often in the dog house, he was just attaching the roof when i took the photos). It's big enough for his oversized bed, some bowls, and a few toys. It seems extremely sturdy too!
This was a good price and the product works well too.
This is everything you need to carry and serve water to your dog while traveling. No need for a separate bowl and water container. I would always recommend the 40 oz. it is not that big and your pet will more than likely need the capacity for a longer day out. The container is a stainless flask and not a thermos.
Great to keep your pet cool when you have them out in heat. Wouldn't leave it on your dog if you are not around.
I have been buying these wee wee pads thru Amazon for over a year. Can't beat the price and delivery speed.
My puppy loves these except he does tear up the string ones.
I use in my new house to absorb some uncomfortable smell of the lacquer, it works great.
I read the reviews and was desperate so I decided to give it a try. I didn't notice any difference in my dogs behavior initially and I thought it was a gimmick. After the 2 day I noticed a complete change in my dog. I have to say, this thing actually is working for my pain in the behind dog.
My cat loves this little tent! He sleeps in it every night. It's light weight, easy to clean and it's held up nicely. I got the "tan" and it's orange, looks more like a pumpkin but we love it and he doesn't mind.
I got the 48 inch for my husky and he loves it! It's huge and really secure and well made. I was concerned that it as going to be hard to set up but I was a lot easier than I thought: I had it set up and ready to go in five minutes. I like that the bottom tray is removable so it'll be easy to clean. Just make sure you also buy a crate bed so your dog isn't stuck sleeping on hard plastic!
To keep our new puppy from going upstairs
Product is very durable-even for a healthy chewer. My mini BT loves to fetch with sticks and this is an excellent alternative to those nasty, dirty sticks that can create dental and stomach problems. She loves this and could play for hours, great for getting the energy out of her. I highly recommend.
These worked great for a 5 lb dog.
This leash seemed very cheap at first, as it is super light. However, my 92 pound Dalmatian, who loves to pull when he sees squirrels, chipmunks, etc. However, so far it has held up well and I will keep using it. Having a waterproof leash is great, especially when it is raining (which it has been doing for the last week here!). Also it is super visible at night which is great as it starts getting dark earlier at night and stays dark in the morning. I would definitely recommend this.
It doesn't matter if they are cat-napping like inert lumps, my cats will instantly spring to life and come running when these magic sticks come out of the drawer.
This fence seems to work great! I've only had it installed for 3 days but my dog already knows her boundaries. The fence was easy to install and set up. I couldn't be happier and I had my doubts about it working at all.
Perfect. Very sturdy! Would buy it again but won't need to for a long time. Think it's gonna last! The stair treads are washable too!!! Love it!!
Puppies love these still and bite on them. One still is teething. They angle them exactly where they want them.
I've tried everything from sprays, pills, flea combs, even other collars and those other options haven't worked as fast as this collar, or haven't worked at all. After about a week of putting the collar on my cat he seems to be flea free, totally recommend it. It might even be good idea to have a couple shelved just in case my cat gets a bad infestation again.
I have 3 dogs but my problem child was my 10 year old lab/retriever mix. He's eat something from outside and have obvious tummy troubles. Since winter and being on these grain free probiotics he's got more energy and has overall happier days :). These are also great for my allergy baby - there are so many things he can't eat and this will keep him in tip top shape.
I'm ordering these once a month for my 2 chewers. They both love them. And it keeps them occupied for hours.
I ordered this because we recently bought a new Jeep and we now have leather seats. We also have 3 dogs that we regularly bring to the vet and to the park. We were nervous the seat would be scratched but this cover works very well. It fits my Jeep perfectly and is easily to attach so it won't fall down. I am glad we made this purchase, I don't want to imagine how much it would cost to replace leather seats. We made our first trip to the vet today and everything went great.
Cute carrying case, large bags, and eco-friendly. I don't know what else to write!
These helped our dogs control their bladder better when in the house. They love them too! They can't wait to get them! I love how it's an all natural supplement for my pets, but they just love them period. Great job NaturVet! Thanks for great products like this. I'll continue to recommend your products to other pet owners and continue using this and the other great products you make. We also use the cranberry with echinacea supplement. Great product as well!
i thought this ointment might work. i had two stray kittens and their eyes were infected. within the second day i did not need to clean their eyes but one time. really great product
Cat really like this litter box.. Hides her when she is doing her business.
The style, size and quality were perfect
This has been some of the better clumping litter I've used. It hardly clings to the sides of the pan and really clumps everything together. It also does a great job of keeping cat pee/poo odors to a minimum.
Keeps my smart cat busy for hours! He loves it!
Good little setup for the money spent.
Huge scooper for $2.50
IF FIT PERFECTLY. SHE LIKES IT VERY MUCH.
Works every time, bright lighting and firs perfect. Thank you!
My picky eaters love this food. Especially the raw boost chunks in there. Its like the lucky charms of dog food!
This product was excellent! The life jacket held my dog up when he started to get tired from swimming. Gave us confidence to swim with him without having to hold him every once and a while.
Cute and functional. The plastic handles feel like the plastic around cables--kind of rubbery, smooth, but pleasant to the touch. The blades are sharp and cut through kitty nails with no problems. People with big hands might find the handle holes a bit small.
This makes eating much easier on my cat.
2 cats in the house, this litter lasts a long time if you clean the box everyday. There is no fake perfume smell in the litter and it controls orders very well.
This is my dogs most favorite toy it's very lightweight and fluffy and he throws it around so much fun it's so late wait that it flies in the air when he tosses it
We got this for my little dog because the wife didn't want her getting shocked like the big dogs. I was hesitant but it works. It would probably work for the big ones too but I haven't tried. It's a little bulky, but it has to be because it has a reservoir to hold a decent amount of citronella. We had one of these previously, and it worked for many years.
The cats are big water drinkers, so now I don't have to refill their bowls several times a day. I like having a filter to make their drinks a little safer. The waterer is easy to refill and clean.
My 3 Maltese love Whimzees. They get so excited when they hear me get the bag.
My senior kitty loves these treats. They are the perfect size and not too hard for him to chew. I love the large size so we don't run out quickly. Amazon often has the best price for these. We purchase these often.
I bought this pet bed for my cat Elsa and she loved it a lot! I got medium size and it is large enough for all kind of cats as well as small or medium dogs. It is SUPER soft and fluffy on the top and tough and durable at the bottom. The bumper pn the side allows Elsa to rest her head on. Now Elsa almost sleeps there every night. Overall, it's a perfect bed for pets at a reasonable price. I would definately recommend to people.
I missed the “mini” part. These definitely are mini... 1” or so. I gave them to the neighbor's little dogs.
This pad is perfect size for my cat! It absorbs very well, and fits in small areas.
My dog loves this bed. I think we've had it for a month I can tell it will stand up well. The bolsters are nice because it holds the fur in the bed. I have an 80lb German Shepherd and there is plenty of room for her.
Seems to really work!
Works perfectly on my two large breed dogs and even our cat.
Excellent device. I was really skeptical but it works on my Aussie. He may bark once or twice but then the alarm goes off and he knows no more
It's pretty strong. My Labrador mix puppy got some chunks from extending parts but it took him a while.
We purchased two leashes and they were just as described online. They definitely help reduce pull. The colors are vibrant and the leashes are durable, too. The handles are also very comfortable. Great value for the price.
Beautiful and quality. Highly recommend. Fast shipping. Love the extra lock on the hook!!
Great height for my cat to jump on. She hangs out on all levels, but doesn't bother the dangling toys much. She's smaller for an adult cat (9 lbs.) so the size of the tree is perfect, but any larger and I might have gone with a larger tree as it does wobble just a little bit when she gets to the top. Beautiful design and great quality overall!
My 2 year old beagle has destroyed every bed I've ever bought. This bed was the last option other than sleeping on the floor. I've had it one month, and so far it is still intact.
Cats like it and it is so much better then having a big plastic dome.
I happen to have a lot of fish so mine need to be cleaned every three days. However, it is absolutely critical that the sponges are cleaned thoroughly prior to first use. Make sure all the water eventually runs clear through it. The sponges work great over my Fluval 50 and Fluval 30 filter intakes. It keeps all my frys safe and sound from the intake current.
My puppy was having diarrhea on 3 different foods I tried, and this was the only food that he had solid poop. It's not too expensive and the ingredients all look good.
My son set up a new tank and these fit in there perfectly.
Holds the temp steady at 76 degrees in my sons 1.5 gallon beta tank even through swings of the house temp. The steady 76 has brought life and color to the beta.
Easy to use, very quiet. I like the light, great. My Bobo could easily enjoy the trimming, so far its working well!!
My cats LOVE eating it straight.
Nice crate for the money, I struggled with one side snapping together! Had to really bend the top to get it in but once I did it was good, nice size for our very small chihuahua. I got the small
Fits well, easy to adjust. I would buy it again.
Clothing is made great! Super cute and really soft. I ordered an XL bc my girl is a bit bigger in the chest but we probably could have gone with a large and it would have fit a little better. But the XL isn't too big so we will keep it and size down next time.
I looked at quite a few pet strollers before deciding on this one, and it is perfect! Lots of room, stylish, and my cats love it.
Very easy to use, shipped fast Absolutely will recommend ,
Nice tree for the price. I got it for my 2 month old kitten and he LOVES it!!! My older cats hang out near it but they are too big to climb it.
Great stretchy material! If I'm between sizes I'd order the smaller. Items can stretch, but the bigger sizes slip off easily.
I no longer need this product. Dog doesn't like it But the Amazon service was fine.
Will definitely be doing business again
These are seriously the cutest!
Works well for my cat. It is the most gross but satisfying thing to peel all of your cat's hair off of the glove.
My Lab didn't destroy!! She loves this, it's her favorite chew toy. I'm probably going to order a 2nd one, just to have around.
Really a nice bed however my guy won't go near it much less lay in it. I should have figured as he is usually right by my side no matter where I am at and laying on this takes that away. In other words I let him lay where ever he wants. But don't be discourage because this is really a great dog bed.
It's made out of high quality, durable metal. I am very happy with my purchase.Well made and all you need for dirt or grass cleanup. Better than described online. A Must Have!
It's made all the difference. My dog was eating so fast that it all came back up and that is no longer a problem. I also like that the top part can come out of the stand. We just use that part when we travel.
Much easier then burying a bunch of posts
My dog destroys toys and these are lasting surprisingly long! Great price for the product. I'll update when they have been demolished
Overall this ramp kicks butt, it is everything that it said it was and more, I bought it for my aging poodle, and it gets a A++ from me . I got it for inside so I've folded the end of the ramp under and she has no problem walking up and down the ramp
They like their beds! I have two cats both around 15lbs, I got one cave and round each for them. My 3 color cat likes both beds, she sleeps in most of the time. The cave gives her much more privacy and the quite deep design makes more room. The round bed looks so warm and comfortable, my ginger cat like it. I like the pillow, easy wash and clean, great!
Always used this product, love it!
These are the best collars! Water proof, id on collar so dogs can play safely together, no hotspots from wet collars rubbing necks, and super cute designs!
This is the fourth ball we have bought for our relatives and friends. Every dog has tried to wear themselves out chasing this ball around, they love it! I also heard a young couple bought this ball for their toddler children to play with.
My dogs like this food.
My cat absolutely loves this scratching post. I purchased because she was scratching our carpet, but now that we've placed this post next to her favorite spot, she scratches it instead.
It's a great product, I don't smell any litter and it's a million times better than leaving your used litter in an open garbage can. Very easy to use as well
Is nice to walk on. Both of us plus cats like it. Soft works as stated.
These are great, I love them!
Very nice laser pointers for the money flash light is a handy feature as well it was impressive for being on a laser pointer didn't really expect the flash light to be all that great but I used it inside (dark) at a range of roughly 30ft and it wasn't to shabby
Gr8 product & price.
The babies love the food. We have been a wellness fan for nearly a decade.
I am giving this 5 stars because I absolutely loved it. However, it did not accommodate my 18 lb. cat. I took a chance, but he was squashed in it, and I could see he was very uncomfortable. I ended up buying a flat pull cart, so I could put his carrier on top and he could use his existing carrier. I would only recommend this carrier for a small cat, 10-12 lbs. Or maybe a small dog like a Yorkie or Maltese.
Our 2 dogs just love these sticks. Quality seems good & price is fair for the amount you get. Will buy again. thanks
This is the best way to give our cats raw food. It's dehydrated, so I boil water and pour it over a bowl full of this food. Then I wait a little while and mash it up with a fork. Our cats LOVE it! This is their special treat. I give it to them a couple of times a week to make it special. It's pretty expensive, so feeding it to them every day wouldn't be affordable. But that also makes it more desirable to our cats because it's not an "every day" food! =^..^=
The cost is a little high though I've understood it to be a better product and my dogs think it is. They wouldn't eat the cheap food and I didn't like their results either.
This product does work, however, you will need to train your dog to use it for several weeks. Some reviews said they were able to simply put it on. I did not find this to be the case. If my dog were a puppy maybe. I have a one year old lab that weighs 60 lbs. It took her a little over a week, but she now stays in the boundaries. She is smart enough to tell when it is off, but I like the fact that I can easily change how far she can go. This gives a static shock that may not be effective if your dog is stubborn or has very thick fur I mounted my reciever outside about 4 feet off the ground.
I got a medium for my 6.25 lb yorkie , she has a 13 inch long back, 13 inch girth and 10 inch neck, hood barely fits her head but the body part fit well on her, not too tight or loose. Very good quality and will keep her warm.
Perfect! Absolutely no complaints
Remote could be better but still worth the money
I bought this seat cover, and I can see and feel the superior quality. It can protect my original leather seat cover from dog's paws. I bought my new car recently, and I accidentally spilled juice on the seat cover. With a wet paper towel, I wiped it off very easily with no grease remained. The product comes with a barrier bag that can store little things which can be lost easily. Putting the storage bag between car seats can stop dog leaning their heads to the front seats. Overall, this seat cover is a great design that is durable, useful and pretty. Highly recommend :)
shipped fast thank you The beast thing I did for my dogs work well drys my dogs fast.
We spend a couple weeks on vacation every year. In past years, we have had friends or hired pet sitters to come by daily (sometimes twice daily) to feed our cats. This year, I thought there's got to be some value provided by an automatic pet feeder, so we took the plunge and bought this PetSafe unit. I had read the reviews where people complained about one push of the button not completely priming the feed conveyor and other complications people had encountered getting the device on wifi, etc. My experience with this product is that it is entirely intuitive for a reasonable consumer. If you've ever put a device like an Amazon Echo or a wireless laser printer on your home wifi network, the setup for this feeder is no different. The app is very intuitive and there is an option front-and-center for priming the feed conveyor with a single click within the app. We have been using the feeder for more than a month set with a daily schedule of two feedings. One at 6:00 AM and one at 5:30 PM. This works great for our two cats. The kibble does make noise when it falls into the bowl, and that's why I selected these times-- it decreases the likelihood the cats will be nearby when the feeding occurs. We have had zero jams in our usage and I'll update this review if we encounter any in the coming years. For future trips, we will have a webcam pointed at the feeding station so we can monitor the bowl remotely and send a friend over to attend to any jams should they occur while we're away. Finally, my only concern with this device is that it is dependent on the vendor's cloud infrastructure. If the company goes out of business, this device will cease to work
My 80 pound dog likes it
I like the product because of the price and my dogs really love them. They must taste good because they would eat them one after another if they could.
Great for my cheers, still chewing months later
These are really nice - good quality, easy to read, quick delivery. Very pleased. I have 2 dogs and ordered one for each of them.
This product helped my puppy get over her UTI that the vet couldn't cure. I highly recommend this product! My puppy love eating it too. I don't have to hide it in a treat or peanut butter.
Last a really long time.
I originally got this because my Pom outgrew the carrier purse I had for him, but then I got two and now have three. I use it all the time now so I carry one pup in the carrier and the other two older ones on a leash in each hand. it helps so much! just wish the pocket that it has was large enough for a phone or car keys then it would be perfect!
Works great in our tank. Our beta is happy. Has a digital temp reader. Keeps the water at the temp I want.
PERFECT for the Price and ready to use! Thank you!!!
I got these to put on my Etsy orders that I ship out.
He used to sleep in our room or in my son's beanbag. Now he sleeps in his bed. He chooses this over the beanbag most of the time-that's saying something. My dog is about 25 pounds. We got the small and it fits perfectly. I wouldn't do the small for a dog over 30 pounds.
My older cat loves these treats..though I use them as a meal for her each morning.I had noticed that she wasn't eating all her canned cat food and figured her teeth were affecting how she ate, Since using these liquid (bisque) treats she is much happier.
This is one of only 2 toys my dogs don't rip to shreds in moments. They tug on this for weeks sometimes until they chew the top of the smaller ball and remove it. Then they tug some more until they decide to chew it to get the big ball out. THEN they end up with three toys. A small tennis ball, a larger rubber squeaky ball and the canvas carcass they tug on for monthes and monthes until we buy a new one and start the process all over again.
Our 17 year old "kitten" has very thick hair. We need to keep an area "open" for a medical procedure. This clipper works amazingly. It is very quiet! (Unless you need to use one of the guides, then it's not quiet so quiet.) So happy with this purchase, it has saved us a lot of money and works like a charm.
These came as described. Just put them up. So far, they seem to be working great.
Great quality collar and was a big hit on the 4th!
This helps my senior cat digest his food. He no longer pukes all the time. I put it in all his soft food. No hard food for my cat cuz he's 19 yrs old. He is no longer constipated either. Love this product. And this can will last a very long time.
Love the two pack- one for each of our two kitties. These seem to stay put and are really cute for the holidays. Love the bow tie.
I love this treat pouch. Very well made. I use it in dog class and it is easy to use. I also use it on walks and the poop bags and compartments are very convenient. Overall good product. Would defintiely recommend!!
My fish seem happy and they're still alive. Guess it's a good product.
My African Grey Loved this. It didn't last too long but was nice and stimulating to him.
This works like a charm! Aimed it at my cairn terrier and hit the button. She immediately stopped barking. Now i just pick it up and she stops!
Great quality and price, and easy to set up!
It's soft and fits my dog well! Nice collar!
I have spent a small fortune on laser toys for my pets. I will never have to look for another one ever again. This one is perfect. It's rechargeable and so easy to do so. Amazing! It's also really cool that it has 3 different shapes to choose from. My dog and cat both absolutely love it. My dog is the worst. He is addicted to it and begs to play with it. It's very easy to use. It's also very durable. I have dropped it on my hard floor several times and it keeps working without any breakage. It's perfect!
Like this shampoo for my pups. It cleans well and make them smell good.
Easily adjusted and fits well.
My pup look so nice with this on
My favorite was the toilet paper and my grand dog loves the bed!
These are VERY durable among the best. Just leave them out somewhere during the day exposed to light, and they make for great nighttime fun. Our dogs love having these thrown in the backyard after dark. Since they glow, humans can see them, too! The little ones get a giggle out of seeing a ball, but not the dog! I do recommend the large size for larger dogs, as many people do not realize the choking hazard that playing with a small ball can be for a dog.
Works great don't have to fill near as often, easy to fill.
We use this for our service cat for our daughter. Her cat likes to take walk. This collar is the best...even for a cat.
Great product! My dog likes it.
Very nice quality and look very realistic in tank. they mixed in nicely between my real plants
I love it!!! fits perfectly, very good material
Loved this product!! It works very good!! Nice lavender scent and my fur babies loved it too!
I've finally found something that keeps my two standard poodle puppies occupied for HOURS! Best toy/treat dispenser ever!
Good stuff...dogs love them.
I loved this outfit. I ordered a medium for my 13lb dog long hair chihuahua and he looked so adorable. Quality was really well done! I got so many compliments !
I love this product. My doggie looked so cute with her pink nails. Just make sure your furry friend has time to let her/his nails dry before setting them on your bed because it took a few minutes for the product to dry. I would recommend this product.
Good size for my small dog. Goes well with my luggage.
My son's dog loves it and is thankful for having something to chew on...
As a non-professional groomer, these are all I need for my purposes.
My dogs love this bed. My Bassett Hound, loves my couch, but I don't want her on it. This is a wonderful bed. She loves it. Also never have bothered to chew it up!! And....lol..my grandson loved laying on it too...with the dog!!!!!
My Andy is not accustomed to traveling any farther than two miles without being carsick. I didn't want to medicate him, so I chose the K&H Pet Bucket Booster Seat so he could look out of the window and he was safe and comfortable. I drove seven hours with one stop for him. He was not reluctant to get back in. Thanks for a good product.
I breed Golden Retrievers and have tried a few different whistles and these are well worth the price and perform well. They are not entirely silent so you can hear a faint whistle when blowing but certainly not loud so as to disturb sleeping neighbors or anyone nearby. My dogs have responded well and I appreciate saving my voice when doing long recalls. I am most impressed with the quality, for a low price you often get what you pay for, with these I really like the wide lanyard and sturdy connections and don't feel that the whistle will come apart with use as I've had with other brands.
I love this harness. It's perfect for my dog. So much easier to get on than others. And is lighter and much less expensive than others like it.
This fit a 16 lb Boston terrier perfectly and lasted a lot of walks and a lot of washes...and a lot of rolling around on the ground in the dirt. Buster's a weird dog.
I love this cat mat! It is big enough to go under the litter box and also go up onto the wall so that there is no yuckiness that needs to be cleaned off. The amount of cat litter on the floor is so much less than before we had this mat.
I would absolutely buy these again. Our 2 cats use these and we love them. Good quality material - nice & sturdy.
We have a 3 yr old pit corso who thinks he's a lap dog. For the last year we have been looking for a collar that wasn't studded with pointy studs, was at least 2 inches wide, padded and was sturdy. He's already broken 3 collars, chewed one , busted the buckle on 2 of them. This collar has it all, leather, padding, metal buckle and excellent craftsmanship. It even got our dog's approval! He came over and looked at it, smelled it and sat down to get it put on. I couldn't of asked for a better collar!
Great product. Even sticks on my California style sun room windows. I would love to be able to buy replacement pieces since my dog decided to chew on on the pvc pipe side closest to her, but it still holds up for my cats.
Good quality. These have been a helpful part of my dog's healing program that cured him of severe dermatitis. Love the wide mouth jar for easy no-mess scooping.
Bought collar for my German shepherd who was chewing on my mom's patio furniture. We used the collar to correct him everytime he got near the furniture. Took about a couple days and he stop going near the furniture.
I was looking for an alternative to the e-collar to use after my 2 girls were spayed and these worked great! The fabric did not stick to their wounds or snag on their stitches and they seemed to be very comfortable wearing them. We loved the easy access for potty time. I would not recommend leaving your pet alone after surgery wearing just this suit; however, if you plan to be with your pet during their recovery period - this suit makes everyone happier!
This water additive is a life-saver. It worked almost immediately to improve my cats' breath. This product has almost the same ingredients as the one recommended by the Veterinary Oral Health Council, yet costs about 85% less...biggest no-brainer ever. Highly recommended.
Great fun for your dog....saves your arm too!
My dog loves this treat. I have purchased this product for him a number of years online and and in the store. It continues to be one of my favorites.
I have been using this for almost a year. My Golden retrievers ears would get smelly with yeast and this would clear it right up! Unfortunately we lost her at 13 years of age February of this year. We now have a puppy that is six months old and is a great Pyrenees border collie mix. She has floppy ears as well in this easy to dispense bottle is perfect for her. It is a purple color and she shakes her head a lot so I either do it outside or make sure to have a blanket or something so it doesn't get splattered on the carpet or walls . I will continue to use this ! I am actually taking the bottle to the groomers at our vet office next week because that will be part of her bathing routine.
I like that it helps with rabbit urine odor! My rabbits urine odor was horrible before goodbye odor for rabbits.
We keep buying these in our household for our 4-legged son. They're easy to open up and tie and toss. I love when something is so simple to use, better for the environment, and smells nice.
Pups loved them! Crinkle and squeak.
My dog has a sensitive stomach and he's elderly now so we have to be careful what we feed him. It's often difficult to find things that are good for him and that he'll eat because he's fairly picky. These smell like peanut butter and he thinks we're giving him human food. Can't get any better than that.
I use this tray to set food out for an outdoor cat. In the past it's been a struggle keeping ants and toads away but since I've been using this tray I haven't had any problems with either. So far I am very happy with this product (and so is Blackie!)
Get this! My 4 lb Shorkie puppy plays with this nonstop. He's occupied for about 25 min at a time several times a day. It's been thrown on hardwood floors and has held up. The small is a little bit bigger than a golf ball, so if you have a bigger dog get the bigger size. The sounds are annoying at first but then it just becomes background noise. There is no off button but the sounds are motion triggered so they don't go off when it's put away. The only downside is the battery doesn't last long. It's been about 3 weeks and the sounds are fading. Will need to change soon. My dog loved this so much I also purchased the one that lights up.
I like the fact that you can put it in the corner of the tank so it won't take up much space.
it fits her pink cage perfectly.
Half are saltwater test strips and the rest are freshwater
We do a lot of camping and hiking and started bringing our dogs with us and wanted a quick way to give the dogs water. I filled up the bottle and the dogs came right over for a drink! They came right over! Overall great little dog water bottle
So far works as advertised in my 90 gal cube. Put it in the water for 20 min (unplugged), plug it in and set your temperature. Overnight temp was within range. Easy to see numbers for us more mature aquarium keepers and instant verification from across the room with the colored background LED (always on sadly), blue is colder than set temp, green is within range and I assume red is over set range (have not seen that - thankfully). Update: 10 days in and the aquarium is as stable as can be. The temperature does vary about +/- 1 degree during a given 24 hour period but that's to be expected as the temperature of my house easily varies 20 degrees (F) in a given day [I live by the beach and the windows are open 24/7 in the summer]
I love the padded handle and that it came with the poop bag holder. However, I wish it would have also come with bags in the holder.
This is a good product. Getting warm very quickly, just 3 to 5 minutes it gets to the cozy temperature. It has a little plastic smell, so I put it in the garage for a few days to let the smell go.
What a lifesaver this product is! I have 2 Male senior small dogs who are having difficulty holding it until I get back, and a smaller dog who cant hold it all night anytime. I have had all kinds of accidents or disasters even though my dogs are alone for 4 hours at a time. Nature's Miracle has kept my home from smelling like an unkempt kennel. I love this sunny lemon fragrance. I also use this in my favorite floor cleaner, the Bissel Crosswave. I add water like recommended and fill it the rest of the way with this sunny lemon product, love the results!
My Labrador gets terrible ear gunk and this worked perfectly and fast - acting. The scent of the wash smells good and did not leave any irritation on my Abby's skin
Great Quality, works amazing......... just bought a 3rd one, we now transport 3 yorkies in our car :)
This mat is just what we needed to keep our 4-legged children from drooling and splashing water all over the kitchen as they drink! Because it's made of silicone, it's super easy to rinse off in the sink to clean. Definitely recommend
These are actually pretty great. I was worried about the quality been cheap but after spending more money on single cat collar that always seemed to be breaking at the latch or coming off (inside cast)... I decided to try these. They're sturdy and inexpensive.
They do what they're suppose to and are a good price.
It's been in the car for a few days. It's of good quality. My dog didn't get the chair dirty and my claws didn't pierce the mat.
Been using these for awhile as pre-dinner appetizer, 9 year old lab loves them. Got her on grain free Healthy Weight food by Merrick as well and she has dropped 8 lbs and maintains.
Works as promised ...fast results
Sturdy, easy to assemble, taller than most. Looks great!
Very pleased with the product and service and will keep in mind for future purchases
My cats all prefer Friskies canned foods, but the price keeps going up for both individual cans and these cases. Amazon's price is good compared to our grocery store and I love having these cases delivered. It just makes life a little easier!
Identical to the product in the store, just at a larger quantity and a lower price.
Easy to set up and works well to protect the seats in my car from my four-legged hot mess!
This worked great for trimming up my 2 shih tzus.
Heats up a larger area then I was expecting. Although I have a large open top tank this still raises the temps that I needed.
My cat loves to be combed with these gloves. Being big is easier to pick up more hair than with brushes
The padded handles are nice especially when your 110 lb Rottie is trying to drag you a little faster
I like this nail trimmer to make my dogs nail smooth and not jagged. It has a really nice power to it. It grinds down the nail using a stone, so it will last a very long time. It charges using a USB plug. It makes trimming nails on my dog so much easier for me and less stressful for my dog. I would reccomend this nail trimmer.
I tried several different leashes and this was my favorite.
This product is AMAZING! In just a few short days I saw a difference. We are about a week now and I am telling you... my dogs nose looks 100% better! I highly recommend this!! I am disappointed that I didn't take a before and after photo.
My holistic vet started my boy on this after a week of diarrhea and it is an incredible product. He has had no issues since starting it and I just dab a little squeeze cheese on the end to get him to take it. I have been using this for 3 months now and plan to maintain daily use.
I tried every harness for my Weimaraner. They all fit ill, chaffed him, and/or left me with zero control. So I asked the Weimaraner Facebook page for recommendations at overwhelmingly heard about this. Amazing fit, no chaffing, 100% control. Jogs and walks are now really enjoyable.
I had purchased 2 of these that were 18" long, my large cats love them. When I was not seeing my smaller cats playing with them, I looked to see if these were made smaller for my small cats. The boys (6) of them get totally wild kicking them, biting them, rolling them, even sleeping on them. The girls (6) of them only 2 have tried to sniff, bite, or roll on them. This is my 2nd order, I and the cats love them. There is not much to them, but for the joy I've seen with my boys playing with them, guess I'll keep buying them till they tear them up.
It help me allot i'm real happy with it.
I have a toy poodle, who has a very sensitive stomach and will throw up with any new foods. These are the best bones for him, last a long time, don't smell and best of all Milo loves them:)
I love this pet tag ID, it's really cute and well made. I got this really fast. I really recommend the company and the product.
Luna and Jules love these toys , they're well made and they love the multi layers
I like the quality of the cover and how easy it was to install. Also it's very cute.
The items are fine but this seller will not get my business ever again. I accidentally put in the wrong shipping address cancelled order immediately and they would not accept the request so I reordered and had sent to correct recipient. Got two at my address and tried to return and the cost was ridiculous so I sent them forward. This seller is not customer focused. Very disappointed!!!
This is a gift for my lovely dog from my friend, I love this collar, very interesting. The PU leather is fashionable, I think I can use it as a choker too, hahahah. Anyway, this bark controller is usefull as I have used it on my lovely dog for few days, she is quiet with this collar. I record my voice in it, and it works!! I will recommend this product to my family. Amazing gift I ever received.
Well my little puppy can't stop playing with this ball. He sleeps with the ball
Nice color seems durable. Well worth the price!
My puppy wore it the whole time at her party. It wasn't too tight for her (she has a little head though) Pom
Wonderful change from sand litter to this system. It barely smells, dehydrates poop for easy cleaning, urine gets trapped in pad and doesn't leak, and everything is cheaper than buying litter every month! I highly recommend! Especially with multiple cats! (I have two males and it does not smell at all in my apartment and the litter system is in my living room!)
My 14 year old Labradoodle demands these treats. She actually stamps her feet!
Awesome Collar! Great Quality! Big print of my dogs name and my phone number. I recommend to everyone I know with a dog
My dog has seperation anxiety. He was chewing his crate. It stopped while he was taking these. When I ran out, he started chewing again. Ill be ordering more for him.
Pretty Good , Dog hates it when I spray on Feet! But he has stop licking! So I'm very happy!
I am impressed with this cat tree. I expected lower quality for the price but this is great. It's a nice height, sturdy, easy to put together and my cats love to scratch on the carpet and do climbing acrobatics. Recommend.
Great price...fast shipping!!!
This box has made my litter scooping job so much easier! At first I had the litter directly on the sifter which caused urine clumps to clog the holes in the sifter. I wasn't happy so I read reviews. One buyer recommended putting the sifter BETWEEN the 2 solid pans, when cleaning lift the top pan, dump it onto the pan underneath with the sifter on it, lift and sift. This works like a charm! I no longer fear scooping litter pans!
Arrived on time! My pet loves it! I love how sturdy it is!
Light weight easy to use to prevent small dog from going up stairs
My 1 year old lab loves it, even as a snack outside of training she enjoys it
buy this size, you cannot go wrong
This works for my Dog which has very sensitive skin, bought first time at the Our Vet
I marinate their toys in a ziplock bag with catnip including this beetle bat. 1st time out of the package my 3 cats were tossing him around in and out of their mouth and then walk off, in walks the next cat same behavior. I can hardly wait until he comes out covered in catnip.
This is awesome! It's so easy to set up and take down and my animals love it! I'm buying another one!
So far no problems with the replacement heater. Keeps temp at 75 all the time. Good product.
Great product to allow me to run freely with my dogs.
good for small to medium dogs
Bought 2 for both our dogs and they love it!
I bought these diapers in size small for my chihuahuas since they were peeing on everything and pooping all over. These diapers were these dogs savor. Now I use the diaper along with the male wrap and my little guys hold their bowls until they can be taken outside. In case they do pee or poop these diapers catch everything and can be machine washed easily. Now my husband is happy and my puppies are apart of the house again. It's a lot cheaper to buy these diapers than replace the carpet in my house. Yay
This pump is so quiet, and pumps very well. Wish I bought this years ago. It is quieter than my water filter. Will definitely purchase this again.
Perfect! Easy to use and safety keeps you from hurting your pup.
My last Flexi lasted five years before the recoil broke inside. I have a 7lb dog and this leash is perfect for her, not too heavy. The lock works well.
My miniature poodle is usually very fussy about food. I've been introducing this food slowly and she loves it!!!
Excellent for our axolotl to use as a hammock! Great product.
It's a great product. My pup actually enjoys me brushing him.
Coastal Pet Circle -T rolled leather dog collars are the only collars my dogs have worn for years! Since all my dogs are of a long haired breed, these collars prevent their neck hairs from matting. This particular collar will last for years. They are a well made quality collar that looks nice on my dogs and functions perfectly for the purpose I purchased it for.
Very good product. Works perfectly in turtle tank
My dogs all love toys - especially the balls The ropes are good quality and my dog who destroys all fluffy toys has not managed to destroy the rope. We even play tug of war.
My dog loves these! They're incredibly versatile, and I can put them in a lot of different toys to keep my dog stimulated and occupied!
Using this on my dog's tags has completely kept them from hitting together and making noise. We appreciate and our pup appreciates it too!
I got this little guy in no time after purchase. It was alive and healthy and well protected for a long trip. The habitat that comes with it is great because it has the dirt and leaves and moss. Which is perfect for a baby whip. The contact with seller was prompt and helpful! Very happy with my purchase for sure! Totally worth the money.
Large with plenty of room. THe latches do not close as smoothly as others but still a very good kennel.
This is my second because my dog out grew the first. Well made. My dog has a real thin coat so needs a little help in the winter and she likes this vest and has not wiggled her way out of it. just wish it had reflective strips for at night. It has a plastic snap near the neck to help hold the vest in place while zipping, this snap is the hardest part to put it on her. To help keep hair from getting in zipper, hold finger ahead of zipper to help push hair out of the way.
Our dog LOVES these... goes bananas when we reach for the bag. She chews on them for at least an hour.
Delivery was quick, and the price was right. My 16 year old cat eats a tube of this in about 2 months. Addicted. She likes the malt flavor. Has been "using" for most of her life.
I dont write many reviews, but I am not sure how I bathed the dogs before I got this!! Very easy to install with zero issues. I no longer have to fill the tub with water first and dump a thousand cups of water over the dogs to wash the soap away! Much easier on the pups!! The scrubber works great too. Could not be more pleased with this purchase!!
worked as advertised...delivered day before promised...will use again
Works great with my 55 gallon tank. The set up was very easy to install.
The leash came with a heavy duty clasp that functions well in dirt and snow. I love the feel and control of the leash rope itself. It's far superior to ribbon type leashes I've had up until now. The handle also adds comfort on long walks.
Works great for raising of my phytoplankton
My dog takes these like treats! No need to hide in peanut butter
OMG my dog AND cat love this thing!! They play nice and seek and hunt each other! Seems well made!
Exactly what my breeder (Pembroke Welsh Corgis) uses. It works; and doesn't need to be rinsed off...
Really nice color, brightens up the puppy's surroundings. The divider is hard to take in and out, but otherwise it's good.
Used outside on my can am defender seats and is amazing , does not slide off , durable and looks good , keeps seat protected from weather and after rain does not get saturated . Plan to get a back up one ! Hard to tell it us not the original seat
They are thick and sturdy enough even for big dog paws I would think. Waterproof also. A little pricey I think but to save the upholstery and vinyl well worth the money. The clips are very smooth and well made. Everything you need to attach them is included. I'm a little reluctant to use it the other way as I don't want the sticky backs of the Velcro to get onto the upholstery when it gets hot in the car over time.
my cat loves her new pad the temperature is just right to keep her content
Best Chuck it product we have bought yet ,the dog chews on it constantly and it ball is intact.
Love this Leash! Strong and durable and reflective. Sturdy. Weather proof!!'
I bought this as a gift for my friend. Great quality, seems well made and it is strong enough to restrain my friends 80lb german shepherd. And I tried it on my basset hound, definietly no problem.
Fits perfect and great quality
Think they are very great for training
Dogs are still shy to try it out in front of people but love to sit there when no one is looking.
This is exactly what I wanted. It hides the sight of the liter, traps the smell and contains the liter with the box so no mess!
My Corgi and my beagle like these
Fits my 2 German shepherds holds up pretty well...easy to fill up
Much cheaper then buying them at Wal-Mart! This is one item i seemed to always forget to buy even while buying my hard food! Now with auto-delivery its at my door every month so its perfect AND I'm saving money!
We have a puppy that plays with the bigger dog, and she kept ripping his tags off. So far, she hasn't been able to one this one off!!!!!
Does a great job of capturing that kitty litter that always seems to sneak out of the litter box! Large size is perfect.
I love this collar, it's bright and eye catching. It is perfect for giving that extra piece of mind for if your little one gets out that they will make it home. Will buy again!
HELPFUL! This collar helps me to get a 75 pound German Shepard to stop tugging, wait for me and makes it easier to take her for walks. She responds well after getting used to the collar. Seems to fit comfortably on her and is easy to use.
these are great! my American Staffordshire chews the fuzz of tennis balls, so no more of those. He got bored with his great Nerf hard rubber balls, these are a mix of his plush squeaky toys and balls! He loved them! So far so good! They seem really durable!!!
This is our second set for another car. The pups love them!
thank you so much love it
When I heard my older brother and his girlfriend adopted their first cat, I knew we had to do something special. I immediately got online and looked up "fun ways to party with your new cat". A got them a ball of yarn and some cat wine, a recipe for a wild night with their new furry friend. I got it to them just in time for their New Year's Eve party. There they were, drinking the night away with their cat like the true class-act couple they are. Needless to say, I didn't realize their cat was a minor. Being as the cat was under the age of 21, the police were called. The cat had to take a breathalyzer. Catnip levels were off the chart. My brother took the fall, saying it was all his idea and is now serving 10 to life for giving catnip to a minor feline. We've tried appeals but all our lawyers have abandoned us. The cat is now 1 month sober and advocating for cat age awareness. My brother's girlfriend tried to contact the cat once but got huge amounts of backlash in the media. What a scandal. Was it worth it? Was all this (plus like $13.00 for the cat wine) worth destroying a young couple and tearing apart a new feline family? Yes. 10/10 would buy for the next cat.
My dog looks so adorable with his bow tie. It extends so it was a prefect fit
Cute squeaky dog toy - my Papillon loves it. Seems very durable, too.
My picky dog is crazy about these things. I love that I can break them down into small pieces for training purposes.
The dog looks very comfortable. I think it's worth it. It's great.
Easier to use than tablets, since my dog tended to spit them out when given in food. Although the amount of wormer liquid added to the food seems like a lot, she does not seem to notice it, so it must have a fairly neutral taste.
This ball fits about 1/8 cup of Nutro food. After I showed my cat how it works, he understood right away that he needed to roll the ball and then look for the food pieces on the floor. He can get all the food out in a couple of minutes, so it's not like I'm adding a ton of exercise to his day, but I still like the idea of making him work a bit for the dry part of his meals. Update: I tried it with the Greenies treats that he has shown little interest in so far, and it was great! The treats are a bit bigger than the food, so even though I only put 8 of them in the ball, it took him a lot more time and effort to get all of them out.
I decided to try these Cosequin Minis when My 10 year old Chihuahuas started having troubles going up and down our steps. After a week of taking the Cosequin Minis, my dogs were running up and down the stairs like they were puppies again. This stuff really does help their joints!
My 17 year old cat stopped eating her high quality, speciality cat food. After a few days, I decided to go back to something I gave her as an occasional treat years ago. She is happy and eating again!!
Healthy and alive! Would buy from again.
Works perfect. Snug and comfortable on my cat. Happy cat
Really heavy duty got this for my mini pig and she loves it
Found this to be a great training tool! Customer support was A+. Will definitely purchase from this company again!
This has saved me so much time when cleaning my 30 gallon turtle tank. Doing this job by hand took so much effort and time. Now within 15 minutes this hose cleans out much of the waste without removing any items. This way I can keep the tank fresh on a daily level and do not have to completely clean out as often.
My cats love it! It's their absolute favorite toy! They have so many, but everyone ( all 4 cats) take their turns playing, biting, kicking and tossing the bananas. Good thing I got the pack of 3. The cat nip is very potent and well packed in. Buy it, you won't regret it as cat owner. Hours and hours of fun for your fur babies!
My boys (aka furbabies, but I guess actual 2 legged children may like it to, haha) LOVE this thing. I find it all over the house, and once in the bathtub where it had been thrown by one of the cats.
My dogs like these and they are large enough to put two capsules in if needed. They always think it's their treat to get their daily medication. My dogs are 13 and 14 years old.
This was perfect for our Memphis. Visited my mom for the holidays and she doesn't allow dogs in her house. We had to keep him warm and this worked perfectly.
What's to not like. Better than expected. Heavy weight wood. Looks great nicely finished Would recommend this product.
this thing really works. my lab used to bark at the neighbor's dogs for hours, but now he will not even go near the fence and I have it set on the lowest setting!
Love these! Easy to use and fit well.
Absolutely in love! It's even more beautiful than I had imagined and arrived very quickly.
I tried 3 or 4 different feeders without luck. Food, poop or bedding always got inside and I would feel the need to clean it often removing valuable food in the process. I also tried a treadle feeder but they were so scared of it no one was eating. I wasn't sure the chickens would stick their heads in it but that was not a problem. I fill it up and the chicken have clean, safe food to eat no matter the weather. The hoods keep water out and the fact that the little darlings have to stick their heads in to eat means no waste and a lower food bill.
Sparky loves it! We could never find a harness that our little chihuahua could not wriggle out of.. This harness is perfect... highly recommended!!
Used this to cure fin rot. Did the two doses and my fishes fins are looking better
Great gifts for my dogs! Of coarse my Rottweiler chews them up and takes the squeaky out but they still love them!
This pet fur & lint remover is so excellent, Used it almost everywhere and the pet fur & lint remover really does work. Easy to use, easy to clean and great price. I highly recommend the pet fur & lint remover to anyone.You don't know how really happy I am about this product!
I'm going to give this carrier 5 stars but I have yet to use it. Quality seems very good very spacious for my puppy I will review Once used and if I need to alter review I will
these diapers worked sooo well that now that he's out grown them, I will order the next size up!!
Guineas eat all their formula, have been eating this food for a while now and seem to enjoy it!
Works well have noticed a difference in just the first 2 days my dog will start to bark then the coller seems to confuse her and she gets distracted and forgets what she was barking at. The unit itself is a nice size not too bulky my dog is 35 lbs and rather small she doesnt even seem to notice the box. Display is easy to read and all the functions are on one button and easy to change sensitivity and mode settings. I love that it has the option for no shock and a shock option. The product will beep for a few seconds vibrate twice then give a small static shock when in shock mode. Very light shock ive had worse in the winter from a blanket but enough to discourage the dog from barking. In no shock mode the unit will beep and vibrate only. I plan to use shock mode at first then transition into the no shock. I like that it allows you to do this by keeping the beeps and vibrations before the shock once trained the beep will be enough to stop the behavior without needing the added correction of the shock. The collars provided are easy to slip into the main unit while not recommended for tie out or walking are nicely made the nylon one has a well fastening plastic buckle and the plastic one has a belt clip and holes. Both are reflective as well so that is an added bonus. Took her for a swim and the unit survived so it does seem to be waterproof as well
Stupid cats fight over being on top of the tree.
My pitbull is super athletic, and can scale/jump an 8' fence with no effort, but she doesn't try it with this gate. If we're in the kitchen, and have the gate shut, she'll come in through the little door as much as possible, which is her head, and a little bit of her chest, but she's just too wide to fit. Maybe she feels 'close enough' with just her head in the kitchen, but I'm really surprised it has kept her out. She also knows she's not allowed in the kitchen, and this might be the last bit of enforcement she needed. The cat uses the little door to his advantage as an escape route when playing with the dogs, but can also easily jump over it.
I have a pitty who usually rips through a toy within minutes. For whatever reason she loves this thing and has managed to leave the squeaker in there, which she enjoys annoying me with. It's on the softer side so I was hesitant at first but seems to be holding up just fine. It's a little on the large side so my lab likes to play with it but fetch is a little difficult for her. She likes to catch balls midair and can't really with this but she enjoys chasing the pit around while she squeaks it.
Great for little dogs that a cold most of the time. It fits a 6 lbs Chihuahua.
This being healthy, we are aware, but the way my dogs react is priceless. I don't care what kind of food I put it on they gobble it up. I have noticed an improvement in the skin. Less dry and no more shedding of dry skin cells. Fur is soft and shiny. The bottle dispenser makes it so easy to use, and no bad odor as you get with fish oil capsules . Excellent product and highly recommend it.
My cat suddenly started peeing outside of the litterbox and when taken to the vet they told us to give her these. Within a few days she was back to normal these work great!
Durable and bouncy. Our dog is loving it
The quality of the wood and looks great in my living room and Most of all my pets love its since it is quite large inside.
I bought this collar for my Weimaraner. I love it! It's fashionable and fits perfect.
"I have a thick haired Chow and this really does the trick! From stroke one the gobs of hair just started coming out! I use the wider toothed side to get the thicker parts raked out. Still have to be mindful of my furry friend's sensitive skin and not pull too hard when there is a tangle; If you know of a way to easily get through that please share! "
My dog is a rescue and never seemed to have toys..she works hard to make it squeak and has no issue with it. She tosses it around an plays for 30 minutes or so at a time. it has ZERO sign of wear and tear and she is a PIT..I would definitely recommend.
Bought these to match my new bowls , easy to clean . Very nice
Best food for Guinea pigs the orchard grass is very soft and prevent eye stabbing wben they eat
If you have multiple aquariums or hate running out - this bucket ROCKS. I cannot detect smell from the container when closed which is a must for me.
Pretty secure. Cat cannot get in.
I've been grooming a few months and these were perfect to get me started they are sharp, durable, and pretty! The thinners are amazing! Some groomers I know ordered them just for the thinners cause they tried mine and fell in love with them! The picture attached I did all the scissor work with the set after about 2 months with the scissors
Bought this for my cat on Black Friday. I love it so much that I ordered another one but at the full price. The timer for a heating pad is brilliant What a good idea to add it as well as a temperature control st the same time. I love the washable fabric too.
We got this for our cat, that is obsessed with food and in on a diet. He would beg constantly for food and was in the routine of being fed 3 times a day. His internal clock knew his feeding time and he would wake us to be fed on the weekends when we slept a little later. He gets 1/4 cup of food three times a day and this has worked great for him. It was easy to program and record the feeding time message to call him for his food. It took a little time to figure out the amount to let it drop for his quarter cup of food, but with some trial and error, we got it figured out! It is actually very entertaining to watch a our cat head to the feeder from anywhere in the house when the "dinner bell" goes off. We use it with the batteries and it has not missed a meal!
Came quickly and was exactly what I had hoped it would be.
Excellent quality. Looks/feels great. Our little Doxie absolutely loves his new blankie
My dog itches a lot, hoping somehow that this helps although I see no fleas. Taking her to the Vet to be checked for ear mites also. Bought a long time brand of ear drops that did no good at all. Her ears itch a lot
Marley loves his bed. Very comfy
Perfect for my small pupper!
This mat does the job, keeps the mess on the mat. It's big enough for 1 lg box and 3 dishes and has plenty of room for the cat to clean her paws.
This stuff is pure magic for older dogs. The results are noticeable in a month. It just makes getting old a little easier for them.
Our puppies would eat their food in a mili second (just joking)...but very quickly. We've had these bowls for about 2 months and jus switched them back to the regular bowls, and they are now trained to eat slower. Good quality, very sturdy and easy to clean. If you have dogs that are 25 + pounds and growing, get a larger bowl.
It works! Stopped our dogs from barking
My dog loves this soft pad in his crate! Highly recommend this!
Easy to put on and does not irritate my dogs skin. Yo can unclip the seat belt buckle and just is it as a harness if need be. Would buy again.
This is my second time purchasing this rug. I have two dogs and it absorbs the dirt/water/etc off their feet very well. I just wash and dry the rug every other week or so and it has held up great.
I got this even though I read some of the reviews about how hard it is to Figure out the time adjuster. I read the directions and I have not had any problems in anyway. I'm used to 24hr because of the military, and It was a cinch to set up reading the directions. I do recommend.
Excellent for small dogs that need to have wet and dry food mixed
We do a lot of camping in the summer. We got this so we can anchor the leash out of the way and not to the table or trailer where the dogs can get tangled up.
It does as advertised.
It fit perfect for my malinois! I received 2 different sizes. It was shipped and delivered fast.
Has a durable travel bag as well as being quality itself. My dog loves being a dog taco in the back too. Overall good product.
I bought this after reading reviews and the product info. It is not a brand you see listed on a lot of websites. But, after many walks and trips out to toilet our pup, I am so glad I ordered it! The reel is so smooth and the lock is easy to operate. Our pup feels like he can walk around and explore more than he could on our 4ft or 6ft leash without waiting for his slower two-footed companions all the time. We love it! Highly recommend!!!
Great product. Does exactly as it is intended to.
It only takes a very small amount! Smells amazing! No residue! My fur baby doesn't whine or cry when it gets into his eyes! This is an AMAZING product!!!
Treat for rabbits. Wish there were no additives.
My pit loves it but he don't have food allergies he has flea allergies. No need to buy expensive food my dog loves this mixed with Rachael Ray peak or the just 6.
Bought 2! Awesome collar
Easy to read and understand works like it should!
It does run a little big, but it stays on and does its job.
My cat goes so nuts for these it's counter-productive for trying to actually train anything, but they're great as post hoc rewards/distractions.
All I can say is "WOW!!" I received today and used it on our 3 month old puppy Lilo. Once I added the conditioner I can already feel her fur being 10% softer than with our other dog shampoo (Colloidal Oatmeal Dog Shampoo with Pure Lavender Essential Oils - purchased from amazon). Her other shampoo didn't leave any type of amazing softness. I didn't fully read the instructions but once I started rinsing the conditioner out of her fur, realized I should of left the conditioner in longer. I only left it for less than a minute, and washed it out. Added before, and after photos. Pink flower photo Is without the shampoo, and purple flower photo is after. Can see a huge difference.
The terrarium arrived with fantastic packaging. It was double boxed and wasn't broken at all. This will make a perfect home for my juvenile crested gecko before I move him into a bigger tank as an adult. I am definitely happy with my purchase.
Works great my dogs got use to them fast and all I have to do now is put on their collars
Bought this for our puppy and we love it!
My dogs took a little bit to get used to it but love it now! Great for my hot Aussie to help him cool down.
I have been trying to get my senior dog to sleep in his doggie bed instead of sleeping on my couch...This Pet Heating Pad has solved the problem quickly. I simply plugged it in, set the desired temperature and laid the pad on top of his bed and he LOVES it! Older animals have a much harder time getting and staying warm so this pet heating pad really is a life saver. It is easy to operate just plug it in and turn to desired temp and it even has a chew proof cord and is water proof! Very pleased
Great shampoo for my doggies
Very nice quality, bunny loves it.
Great quality but I wish I got the next size. It holds enought food but still I wish it was bigger for my 40lb dog.
Our standard poodles love them they came earlier than promised and do the job - keeping our dogs happy (and not chewing up the furniture
Really nice dog bed. My dog loves it!! He lays on it everyday. For the price I would definitely buy it again.
Puppy loves it, mix in with another.
Arrived asap and made well. I would reccomend
My 11 year old shih tzu loves these. I can tell a big difference in him getting up and being more social. He also seems to lile the taste of these treats!!
Prompt shipping, product itself is nice, functional.
Always used tetra foods for my fish.
I've been wanting to get a dog seat for my mini dachshund for some time now. He loves to sit on my lap and just walk wherever he wants. Not safe and very distracting! He's still adjusting to being confined to one spot but I know with time he will adjust. The bottom is very hard but I had some extra 3 inch foam laying around so i cut to fit and wrapped it with a blanket.
Beautiful, good quality
These trimmers work so well. They do dull so I have to replace them periodically, but I don't mind because they are so inexpensive. I like that they are sharp so I'm able to clip through the nail quickly. It's just easier on the dog that way.
Got this on Amazon a day after we picked up our new cats. Best purchase ever, my wife can't stop using the laser to play with the cats and it lets us know what they are up to in the house. Liked it so much bought a second one for the Downstairs
My dog didn't like these at first so I fed her the senior ones. When they were gone she ate these with no problems. Maybe she noticed that she wasn't limping anymore and she had lots of energy with them.
Came sooner than expected, and it is great quality! Love it.
This Harness is well made. Sturdy, adjustable and comfortable.
My cats loved it. Holding up well so far
Nice brush for long haired dog. Very sturdy and works well. The self-cleaning feature is awesome. My dog has very thick long hair and this brush work so well on his coat. Very happy with this purchase.
These were great! Strong, exactly what I was looking for. I use very heavy litter and kitty still has claws, so I needed a large very sturdy cat pan liner, this, is it!
There good for training
Used on my horse and really helped with his skin fungus! Used twice and it was almost gone! Really happy with the results and will use on our labor doodles hot spots.
Bought this for my 29 gallon Axolotl tank and it works wonderful! Absolutely no sounds as its underwater, and keeps my tank super clean!
My puppy loves it n it's bigger than her lol :)
This brush works very well on my dachshund. The bristles are sharp though so don't press too hard.
LOVE this carrier!!!! It is made of good quality materials, and I love that it has the piece inside to connect to your dog's collar or harness for extra safety!
I love these bottles. My daughter washed one in the dishwasher so it didn't work as well after so don't wash in dishwasher. I do wildlife rehab so I like these ease of these during feedings.
Well made solid knife, came sharp!
The food and water dish are easy to clean. Great for multiple doggie families
THEY FIT MY HAND GREAT VERY QUITE VERY LITTLE VIBRATIONS EASY TO USE DOES GREAT JOB
We like this shampoo! Smells good. Not like perfume, tho. Just a good scent.
First time for my dog to try these, I pet sit and several of my customers dogs LOVE these. My Bailey enjoyed her first one!!
This does actually work wonders! I was upset when I received the bottle, only to find it not actually a full spray bottle. I feel a little gypped out of money!!!!
I actually bought (2) of these for my ferrets cages. The dimensions fit their cage perfectly. I don't like them having to walk on the grate of the cage and this gives them plenty of padding. They both love to slide across it, like their are rubbing their scent on it and burrowing on it. It's also very easy to clean.
Works as advertised. Good quality. The instruction manual for the no bark collar was helpful. I advise to read it before use. My dog (a German Shephard) stopped barking after we had put the bark-collar on her. Now if she tries to bark, she only does it once or twice.
My dog and I both love this bed. It is super comfy, my dog and I both sit it in sometimes together. Glad to know that my dog has somewhere to sleep so comfy that I can also sit in it:) The color is also really nice. A great thing about this is that is machine washable! Makes it easier to clean if my dog throws up in it.
Wet have 4 cats. I have tried all kinds off litter boxes. We have had the litter robot, nice in theory but left my big black cat with litter dust all over her coat every time she used it. Tried the breeze and the urine reservoir just couldn't hold enough and replacing the pads became expensive. We had layered sifting pans...too heavy. This box just meets so many of our requirements.
I use this bucket for my dogs' water. I have big dogs, and have to refill this twice a day typically. The handle makes it so much easier to cart around, and the dogs don't seem to mind it.
Trying to order thru amazon and they don't have any on stock 10lbs bag. Please let me know ASAP
My dogs seem to like it and it's great value for the product. Will be ordering again!
Like the gloves they worked great on my dogs. Would recommend this product.
Dog adjusted just fine. The booties stayed on a rough trails
This is handmade in Nepal out of wool and it's going to last a long time from the looks of the quality. I recomend this product.
Hope this will work out for my sons new bearded dragon
These are the cutest food bowls ever. They have non slip feet, so they don't move when my hungry cats are eating their canned food like I didn't feed them yesterday. The shape of the dishes make them easy for the cats to lick them clean also. Washing them is a breeze...a 2 minute soak in hot water and all food debris washes right off.
Our puppy is now 6 months old and has been very rough on his toys. This ball held up great and makes an awesome pull toy because it partly protects your hand while you tug. It is the perfect size and incredibly durable. Make sure your ball has the big JW logo so you don't get a 3-D printer knock off.
This is doing a great job at keeping my small outdoor turtle pond algae free for several weeks now and keeps my filter from being clogged with algae. An algae free pond in FL in summertime is unheard of so this is great. I will continue to use this weekly
I don't write reviews ever, but holy geez! This stuff is great. I've been through countless ointments and creams for my French bulldog. Not only has nothing worked in the past, but he's actually scratched his cornea trying to remove products from his snout. I forgot what his nose looked like under the dry scales that formed on his nose. After only three applications, all of the dry scales have fallen off. My boys nose is completely smooth and moist, and no longer dry and crusty. This stuff is incredible!!
If you have dogs that can get into skunks, this stuff works better than anything I have found, even the home-brew recipes. Just follow directions! Do not rub INTO the fur. Wash off the outer stink a couple of times. Highly recommended.
Beyond cute! The large fit my pit bull well.
My dog's love it. It was meant for one dog, but they share.
Doggo loves it since he doesn't have to bend down to floor to eat or drink.
I like the vibrant colors, the bells and mostly, that they are break away. Arrived quickly.
Works great for my senior rabbit who has become a little messy in her later years.
Was surprised with the quality and the size, great clipper!! Specially for small dogs and super light weight that gets the job done. Best nail clipper I have purchased so far.
My rabbit loves these!
I was really skeptical at first but when it came in it looks really nice I would totally recommend this product to anyone!!
The large ball keeps the dog from gulping all the food too quickly. Only issue is that the ball is porcelain and is subject to breaking on tiled floors. I've broken a couple, but that's on me and not a problem with the product. After each one was accidentally dropped and broke I ordered another. They work.
This company has incredible costumer service!
Easy assembly. Parts screw on, no tools, took 2 minutes. Very tall, cats like it.
My 2 cats love the pro plans dry foods. They eat it all, when they are given a bowl of it. They never finish any other dry foods.
Our dogs love these chews - as with everything else by Finest For Pets, they are high quality and clearly delicious. Will definitely re-order.
Got these for my dog's 1st birthday, I loved them. We had a small helium tank so we filled everything up with helium, except the small dogs. We used the pump given and they stood up just fine. My dog wouldn't keep the hat on so we didn't use that, we bought a bandana instead. It also got him a bit big, he's 8lbs so take that into consideration when buying.
Pup comes out fluffy and clean.
The product came fast and I have no problem installing it. The material looks high quality and fit nicely in the back seat. I highly recommended this and it at a great price.
Used on my 70# Bernedoodle. His curly hair usually takes a looong time to dry, but this baby knocked the job out in significantly less time. Also was able to straighten his hair out enough to clip him down evenly. Definitely worth it!!!
Nice & Smooth!!! And matches my harness too!
Impressive quality and built. Easy to set up but it was too big to be in cabin for my puppy 🐶 so I am using this as travel kennel.
My guinea pig enjoyed playing with this with me. :)
I use this but without the top section. I clean the litter box twice a day and felt the top part would be a pain to put on and take off daily. The bottom is quite large.... huge and works well. I put in a jumbo liner before adding the litter.
So far this has been the only flea preventative that has worked for us. One of my dogs is allergic to fleas and an effective preventative is extremely important to us for that reason.
My adopted kitty was very skinny, too skinny, and I remembered using this product for kitties in the past with really great results. My sweet little kitty has put on maybe 3 pounds and looks so much better. He really likes this stuff, so I'm going to keep getting it for him!
Our stray furkid seems to be doing very well in the below 0 temps, thanks to this warmed house. We did however place this inside of a bigger wooden cat house.
My dogs love these treats!
We have a red bone coonhound that barks at everything. It is annoying to our entire neighborhood. We have only been using this less than a week but she has quickly learned. And while she has not stopped completely her barking has gone down 90%.
My dog loves them, take her hours to finish eating them. I usually let he eat them alittle at at time. I love the fact that they are good for her. No nasty stuff in them.
We use this for our horse, works great
My small breed dog has not had anymore impacted anal glands since switching to this food over blue buffalo. Love this pumpkin recipe.
This vest fits our GSD perfectly. Ordered a medium after reading the reviews and it fits her without leaving a lot of excess straps. The metal finishing is a great touch. Overall a great product, very durable, and comfortable for all day wear.
nice to have for others to understand my dog
Awesome product my two dogs love them and perfect size for my 100lb. German Shepherd to stretch out and my Siberian Husky has xtra room to roll around and stretch out on to.
My girl husky look so cute on it I love the quality is good pretty
Very well constructed. Good for beach use. They are constructed so they breath very well. Size is good as well!
Many hours of fun for are dog
I bought this for my two cat. my car is a chrysler 300, i thought it might not fit my car since its a large vehicle, but it turns out work perfectly fine, it can also prevent the cat litter from spreading every where.
This brush is able to keep my pomeranian's fur looking great. The amazing thing about this product is that there is no pain. No fur breakage. No skin damage. My dog loves it. I use it to do daily maintenance and avoid those pesky knots. I've never tried a brush like this one before, but it is a MUST for double coated dogs.
My dog loves this stuff. The bottles are small, but I don't use much so they last about a week each.
I have two Chihuahuas that are high strung. The harnesses inadvertently calmed them down. I tested it out over Christmas. There were a lot of people around and I expected them to be anxious but they did not show their usual behaviors. I kept the harness on all Christmas week. They did not try to take the harness off like they usually do with other stuff.
This is lighter than I expected, which is good, love the 3 in 1 light, when I got home, I can use the red dot to play with my cat, and when I walk at night, I can use the flashlight, and the light seems like a moon, I like that.
My picky dog loves this kibble. He seems to have more energy if that's possible. He's healthy and I'll be buying this brand from now on!
Great trimmer for small animals or small jobs. I have a long haired cat who needs her bottom trimmed frequently for sanitary reasons. This allows me to do it at home. Lightweight and easy to use without a loud motor
My dogs all love these bones and this was a great price! They are even bigger than I thought so that was a plus. Still they are small enough for my Pomeranian and westie to carry around easily.
Our cats LOVE this bed. Seriously. We had to buy another one because they both wanted to be in it (but didn't want to cuddle)
I ordered this particular remote/e-collar because it had two collars that could work off of one remote for my my 2 year old Golden Retrievers, Finn and Nora. We do a lot of trail running and it has worked great. I usually use the vibrate or sound, and have not even needed to resort to the shocker! But, the most awesome thing about purchasing this e-collar is the incredible customer support I received when I called them to inquire about replacing the remote, which I lost! They sent me a new remote at no extra charge! Amazing! I would highly recommend this system and a friend had already purchased one at my suggestion for his Lab. Thank you SO much for this great product and wonderful support!
What an awesome set up. This works perfect. I am very happy with the product.
But I love the collar and would definitely order another.
These long leashes are my new favorite. It's great for hanging on the patio and not restricting her to a short leash.
My cat will only eat the Tender in wet cat food so this is what I buy
Works great on the cats and soft fur dogs! Very quick delivery, highly recommend!!
use this all the time, cats and dogs like it
Good traing collar for pups doesnt choke
The K&H replacement cover was easy to install. The plastic cot requires no tools. The cover I replaced had some weak seams for my large breed labs.
This harness is a life saver for me and my Australian Shepard. He can pull out of any collar and with all of his fur, harnesses are tricky. This harness is well built and easy to put on a dog that doesn't sit still! Highly recommended!
Clipped to my dog's harness and into my Kia Soul's buckle no problem. Hopefully I won't ever have to test it in a car accident but it keeps her in her seat.
They come with sharp ends on them, so I nipped them off with nail clippers before I gave them to my cat. She picks things up in her mouth and I didn't want her getting cut. I don't feel like pulling the furniture out, so I'm ordering more. ;) They keep her busy for a long time, so they're worth it. Also a plus, stepping on them doesn't do anything to you or the spring.
My Umbrella Cockatoo absolutely loves this ball and is her favorite toy. It also came a lot bigger than expected, and that was not a disappointment. The only downside is it doesn't last more than a couple days with her because of how strong her beak is, but I just have to keep buying them. It's worth it because she loves it so much.
When our dog was 9 years old he tore his meniscus on his back leg and needed surgery. About a year later he tore the other one. Although he healed well he did not act like he use to. We've been giving him the Extend powder for 1 month now and it is amazing. He jumps and runs again. He even plays with our 2 year old puppy. I would recommend to anyone to try it. I just ordered a two month supply. Very, happy!!
My dog prefers these over cow ears
Seems to be doing the trick for my 80lb GSD. =)
" Works great for our mini Aussie doodle who thinks she needs to bark continuously in the morning for her first outting and late at night for her last outting. I've had it for a few weeks and she's learned to not bark, it's only vibrated her once. I love this!"
Didn't believe that the toy actually squeaks when I can't hear it but seems to actually work.
My three dogs go crazy over these chew balls.
Great value and works great
The cat loves this! I feel confident about quality from this company.
Laser pointer works really well! The other flashlight feature is just a bright spot light. I think it tried to advertise being able to see previous blood stains with it but it's just a bright flash light.
Bought two of these for my kittens and my daughters cats. It seems quite sturdy. It is larger than I expected. Delivery was prompt and the tube is very easy to open. In minutes our kitties had a new place to place and roll around.
This little carrier is excellant
Great product fast shipping.
My dog just loves these!!!!! They are great!!!!!
Great item took 30mins to assemble. All 5 of my cats love it 2 Paws up!!!
We always struggled to find a durable chew toy that kept our pug's attention. She absolutely loves these!! They hold up great, they're easy to wash. Some of the squeakers don't work anymore (as we sort of expected) but after trial and error of many other toys, we have found these to be the best.
I actually bought these about 3 months ago or so, and I loved it. We hardly used the shock, and my dog learned to listen with just the vibration. About two days ago, the vibration and shock part stopped working and only the sound and the flash light worked. So I called company, and I guess this product has a 5 year warranty. WOW - AWESOME customer service! They are sending me a new one and I don't have to send back the defective product. THANK YOU!
A favorite treat for my canines... bug and small.
This is the third harness I have tried for my senior dog & finally I am completely satisfied. It is not bulky, does not have heavy buckles & so easy to put on her!
Great seat and now our dog can see out the window and have plenty of room for a snooze
We've been purchasing this for our guinea pig for several years. It feels super soft and the guinea pig loves a fresh change. It is easy to vacuum up from carpet if you spill it
Exactly what I was looking for
Only concern is bell could become a choking hazard for a determined kitty. It stays on and after a few days I think my cat has gotten used to it
the puppy loves these
I'm very impressed with the quality of this leash, I really wasn't expecting it to be this nice. I bought it to use for training my dog and it's much better then the nylon one I had been using.
We had our first litter of puppies this year and I was so nervous about the messes in the kennel area so I purchased two of the EZ whelping pads. I bought two so I would never be without one while one was washing. This helped so much with the babies! They are amazing! They work so so well.
This was perfect! Highly recommend especially for little dogs. I got her a medium and worked great. She didn't mind at all. Even wanted to play the next day. The cone they gave me was bigger than her and I told them I bought this tube that I didn't need the vine and they told me no to use the cone. Do they made me by the cone anyways. I never put it on her. I recommend putting it on the dog the day before surgery and let them play and walk around for a couple hours. That way after the surgery they are okay with you putting it on them. In my photos the one was the day before surgery, the other was day of where she was medicated and the other was the day after. I hope this will encourage others to use this for your dog.
It's truly sorcery. We have 3 cats so i bought this to make sure we can never smell the cat box. We can't ever since we bought this. If you have pets, this is a must.
My dog loved the massage and I loved how it helped lather up the shampoo.
Been using this for my tangs, clowns for years. Fish are healthy
We ordered a size mini for our 1 year old Frenchie. Although we weren't sure if the size would work, we gave it a try! Size mini fits our pup perfectly and it's made of great great material. He also seems comfortable sleeping in it & wearing it for extended periods of time. Great purchase!
Our dogs love this food! I switched our two dogs from science diet to diamond naturals after doing some research and they absolutely love this food and their coats seem much healthier. As an added bonus I saved some money each month and got more food for my $$. I would highly recommend this food if you are unsure check dog food advisor for any questions you may have about what food is best for your pups.
My cat absolutely loves this stuff! Throughout his whole life he has only licked the juices from wet food with chunks in it so this is perfect for him.
I love this bed cover! Super high quality! Luxurious soft velvety feeling! I bought the medium cover in grey microsuede. It even came with a waterproof liner! Definitely recommend!
I use these when I clean my cat box daily. Very handy.
Our small dog likes to chew on leashes, making it difficult to have him on leash at our table while we enjoy pet friendly meals outside with him in nice weather. The last few we tried are in several pieces with our growing collection of patches up leashes. This one looks good. Not too thick for our small guy and the handle should we easy on our hands.
these are my dogs' favorite treats
It's a great heating source for my lizard!!
Like that they are washable and perfect fit for vest! Not worth that much money, but I needed them in a hurry.
Easily able to store in treats into the pouch and am able to clip it on my waist.
Good quality works perfectly for my 5 week old litter of 6 everyone has room on just 1 dish for now but I like that it comes in a set of 2 for when their bigger
very heavy. be careful when tossing to your best friend...
Much cheaper then in the store. I used to pay almost 30$ in petstore for the same kind and lbs
These are large enough for my son's dirty diapers. He is two and a half years old. Seals in the odor VERY VERY well for days. I am returning to buy again!
It make taking my dogs on walk much easier
This is a great quality collar, and my kitten has yet to break out of it. Item arrived in good condition and as pictured.
Made with very good quality. Easy to clean, will make a great gift we will buy more. Highly recommended!
I'd buy this again! Looks nice in the living room, tucked away in a corner unassuming. Though it's not real wood, it doesn't NOT look like real wood if that makes sense? Just looks like some sort of laminate. It was easy to put together, the cats use it constantly, and they fit in there just fine, plenty of head room. My only complaint is that the door magnet could be a little stronger, but that's something that I can quickly fix.
I am a long time Breeze pelleted litter box system user. I have a multi cat household and 5 Breeze system boxes. These pads provide a nice cost effective alternative to the more expensive name brand pads. I find they work just as well. For many reasons I am unable to use traditional kitty litter and have used the Breeze system for over 10 years. I am really pleased to be able to purchase the pads at a more reasonable price and in greater quantities. I am on the subscribe and save program with these pads and receive them monthly. Thank you for making these available.
This worked purrfectly for my cat's fountain
No longer afraid of low noises such as big trucks or even thunder
This is the perfect pack for my wife to use when taking our Maltipoo on a hike with us, is very easy and convenient to fit the pet inside the carrier, have one zippers for entry, and the tail hole is placed perfectly, i recommend this product, is very good quality and price.
Just what I needed for my 2 small dogs to travel in back seat and enables them to look out. Also like the seat belt to hold it in place.
This little machine is a game changer for busy pet parents. It pairs very quickly and easily to Wifi with the app, and the app is very intuitive and easy to use. You can set up an automatic feeding or feed manually, and you can even record a message that you can play before auto feedings. It's so neat to know that my pet hears my voice before she gets her dinner. The video and audio quality are great, and the night vision is pretty clear for a good distance. It is a great tool for when we go out of town overnight, or have to work long hours. Very easy to fill and calibrate. I certainly would recommend this product.
We've had this for a couple days now and it's clear the cat is enjoying it. Sometimes we put treats in, sometimes just her regular dry food. She seems to really like it.
Holds a charge for a long time, functions well. Cant beat the price and quality.
Very effective great for small dog
Gets them fleas!!! Don't need to spend money on fancy combs.
Great tag. Information printed clearly. I love it. Enough information to bring a lost dog home.
This is highly recommended by avian veterinarians and is the only pelleted food I have fed my parrots for many years. The ingredients are high quality and it is so nutritious that I am pretty sure a human could survive well on it! Yes, it is a bit pricey but it does last a long time.
Works like it should, easy on easy off
Great idea. Got this for my mom who no longer has to use two separate leashes.
Arrived on time great timing great product thanks.
Hands down the best poop bags. They are large enough to take care of business. They are thick enough so there is no danger of rips. But the best part of all, is that they open easily. No more rubbing the edge together they open pretty much when you tear them from the roll
No issues with this product whatsoever. Very easy to read. I may have gotten the size up if I had to get it again. If I get another dog, I will most likely purchase another one of these.
Decided to try these for first time with litter of foster kittens...who knew these would be so popular!
Our dog likes it and eats it easily every morning.
Yes, the spoiled has this too! We both love it.....I got to go back to my 4 mile/day walks!
My dogs love them and feel like Im giving them a healthier treat.
loved it! bought one previous that was super cheesy, this one is perfect.
Works great. Scoops the poop quickly and cleanly (is that possible?!). We set up two pooper scooper stations in the yard - so, clearly I like this item. It has good tension and closed fast.
love it. we have a sheltie and this one is a perfect fit
The biggest problem I have is that I only have one of these beds and 4 dogs there are three other dog beds but this one is the one they like the most.
My chickens LOVE these meal worms! I love the price. It's a win-win situation for everyone! I will buy this again.
I had been dealing with a dog urine odor in a carpeted bedroom for about two months. I tried everything including adding bleach to my carpet cleaner but the odor was never totally gone. I sprayed NonScents for three consecutive days in the bedroom and there is no longer a trace of the odor. Even after the first day, there was a noticeable difference but after the third day it was gone completely. The spray has a fresh and clean scent so much so that my son asked who cleaned his room after I sprayed.
Excellent size for weaning kittens. Great for bottle fed babies. Worth the cost.
Fits as described, secure to SUV cargo area.
Huge roll, durable and good quality
My doggos love them. Keeps them busy for a while.
there kitty crack they love them
RIP Burt - I loved him so!
We have 3 bulldogs in our house (tough chewers). Most toys and things last less than 4 weeks before they are seriously incapacitated. Not so with these. And all the dogs love them. We will buy more - but fortunately not as often as we have to replace balls and soft toys.
Really wish we could find this food again.
This treat is pretty cool because both dogs and cats love it.
Our pup was destroying all the squeaky balls he had so decided to try this one based on reviews. Glad we did - built very well and he loves it. A little tough to get to squeak since it is so durable but that is actually good - he just has to work harder at it! Actually gives us a little extra peace!
Fits perfect on my medical dog tag.
My dog loves her bed
Amazing!! Great quality and huge dispensers for the little amount of money.
Works very well and easy to install
My rottie /Shepard mix is a strong chewer and he hasn't got through this . He loves it
Very satisfied with the purchase. Dog-bandits (Fox Terrier and husky) Thanks collar turned into a decent, learning) Complete, no defects. It works perfect! dog happy, and I am happy with the result. Highly recommend! Thank You Very Much!
This was exactly what I was looking for as a memorial piece for my kitty, Coda, who passed on Dec. 23, 2017. Thank you. I love it.
Love it!! Its exactly what i was looking for, and at a good price.
Very pleased with the price and having it delivered to my elderly parents doorstep! They say it smells great and the item was exactly as stated. Quick ship and highly recommend this Amazon store.
Very soft and cozy. I use it to add softness to my dogs cot . Works like a charm!
I love this product. The other reviews are accurate, it'll keep your tank crystal clear even if you have a new piece of driftwood in it!
Absolutely adorable and excellent quality! I was very happy with the collars and the above and beyond packaging was very nice!
From the moment I purchase them I was skeptical at the fact that they're reusable. I thought they would stink and only hold so much before they start to leak. But with just one I have 9 days with it and still it hasn't smelled like a pad that's been peed on or pooped on! And not once has the pee gone through, it's amazing
Kibbles are big, but they are great for treats also.
My daughters dog loves these things.
So far the best yak chews I've found. Sounds expensive but they last a while and my dog loves them.
My birds absolutely love these! There were no tiny grommets on these shoes that would pose as choking hazards. I would advise to buy shoes for your birds to chew on that do not contain grommets. I purchased some that looked like these on Amazon and they DID have the grommets so I returned those ASAP and re-ordered these!
I've only used it once so far, but it is awesome! SO much better than a suction hose/bucket combo. Very quiet too.
Nice product, does the job and my purebred English Bullie loves it.
This carrier is well made and very sturdy. It's easy to get my cat in and out of. I like that she gets air flow from all sides.
Great quality and fit
I absolutely love this oil, I put it on bread for my dogs before I leave for work or whatever and I come home and they're less stressed and nothing tore up(normally chew on things.) I highly recommend this
Use these when traveling with my small dog. They absorb well. I get about a days worth of use out of one in normal circumstances. They fit my silicone potty pad holder well. Absorb well even close to the edge.
Easy use, and keeps my fish tank clean!
My dogs are begging for more all day long. They love them. Can't get enough
My 3 month Aussie loves this thing. Keeps her entertained for long periods as long as you put kibble in it.
Got for my dogs to go on top of there dry food. All four love it! And better price here than in stores.
My cat likes to flip her dishes over. Now she can't. One less aggravation lol
We measured the dog prior to purchasing yet this was just a little bit too big upon receipt so we had to return it. This is unfortunate as the muzzle is super soft, comfortable for a dog to wear, and adjustable (just not adjustable small enough for our smaller dog). Other reviewers state the dog can tear this off. Our purpose was to walk the dog and have him be able to breathe, bark, pant, etc., just not pick up objects from the ground. This would have been PERFECT!! I would not leave a dog to not try to remove this is for a wound or for biting or other aggressive behavior. However, to avoid licking while being observed or to avoid eating things without restricting other normal dog behavior, this is a really great design and product. Had this fit, the dog also did not balk at it being on him as we attempted to make the sizing work. I am sure various dogs will tolerate differently yet that isn't the fault of product design or quality.
This spray is a better corrector than a professional trainer, to be honest. Having 2 untrained cats I am glad to have found this spray as it helps any unwanted behavior instantly and avoids any problems.
Cat loves to rub her cheeks on this, and the rounded tips make it safe to do it. Meow meow!
My dogs love these! Natural product. Helps keep their teeth clean.
My cat was destroying my couch, so I used it to removed its nails.
Great first thing my puppy hasn't chewed up. Have had it for several weeks now and she loves it.
Great product. Big pieces and my dogs love them. I will definitely purchase again.
Fit perfect. Very durable, keeps snow out and don't loosen or come off even when running etc
My friend told me that her dogs go WILD for these things so when I decided to try them out I was honestly surprised at how my dogs loved them! My dogs are a tiny bit picky but as soon as they sniffed the bag, they were going CRAZY over these! Highly recommend these as a little before bed “treat” for your doggos!
My shepherd sheds like crazy. This helps a lot to cut back on the amount of hair but nothing stops it completely. I should be doing it once a day or every other day. She sheds year round.
Fantastic pup looks so cute in it.
If your dog scratches a lot and you've tried everything this is the answer. I buy it as gifts for all my friends!
Definitely helps my cat who recently became an idiot cat. He's more calm and doesn't yowl at the door anymore.
My Dog Loved this food
Not what I thought they were but they looked sturdy
Great for small storage
Love love love this. I am so excited my dog actually listens to me! My dad has a 2 acre lot that we have been wanting our dog to play in but every time we let him out, he would run away. Yesterday I put the collar on him and after a couple of times on the shock setting he stays in the yard. I highly recommend this product whatever the behavior problem is. This works for more than barking.
My dog devours this food as if she has never eaten in her life. Can't beat it for the price.
I've used this product on all my dogs and never had a flea or tic problem. I don't live in a forest so I can't promise it works there but I have a big back yard with mosquitoes at night. They come in and none are scratching or itching like me from mosquito bites. Maybe I should wear one too. lol
The first time I sprayed on my new sofa my cat decided to not get on the sofa.After using a couple of weeks He doesn't Evan attempt to get on the sofa.
THIS PRODUCT IS THE BEST FITTING ONE SO FAR.
Great product. Very well made. Took a few tries for my dog to figure it out. I love no water on the floor and will be buying a second one for upstairs. Fast shipping great packaging
Better than an E-Collar... Our kitty was able to get around as she normally did.. No problems in litter box... Protected her stitches from her chewing on them... Perfect alternative....
My labs are cool with it!
The pen is great size and easily assembled. However, it will tilt over and rambunctious pups will need supervision.
My dog is 2 lb. but still looks good on her! Not too big.
This is very nice! Roomy enough for 2 - 20 pounders!! Very sturdy unlike the first one we bought. Even holds a heavy bag on the handle without trying to tip over!! Rolls great even on gravel! Charlie and Chloe love it!! The storage on the bottom is great also for the leash, harness and water bowl!
Our cats love this, and they are ages 3 years, 10 years and 12 years.
Great price, seems to be working well!
exactly as described
My dog loves it. When he needs to chew something he chooses this.
Our three yorkies love this food! We have been using it for the past few months, although not exclusively, and have not seen an improvement in weight loss in any of them. Hopefully when we use this food exclusively we will see some weight loss.
I bought this to keep my dog out of the food bag and to keep her food fresher. The containers are really good quality and I use the smaller top one to store cat food.
This mat is what I've been searching for! Inside lightweight litter and it would go everywhere. This mat is heaven! No more crunchies on my bathroom floor 😀
My pup is terrified of most everything. Usually when I trim his hair he is in full panic mode. This product is quieter than most, and I love it's size...it's easy to store!
Cat loves these. But he does lose them easily due to size. Will buy these again
My puppy LOVES these balls!
At first I was concerned about giving them rawhide. They soften up pretty quickly as the dogs chew on them and they don't have any gastric distress so I'll keep giving them. I have big dogs and these last a lot longer than the 7 seconds it takes them to eat other treats (including bully sticks). These & cows ears by the same company are what they seem to love best. I'll keep getting them.
My poor old dog has to wear these now to avoid accidents. They do the job and he looks so good wearing them around the house.
Kitties love these. Good for scratching, lounging, and just looking cute! No assembly.
We love our collar. Our goldendoodle responds to the audible sound and we rarely have to use the alternate modes. Many time her just seeing the remote reminds her to stop a negative behavior. It has made a big difference in all areas of training.
Great price for a great set of shears They are sharp and well worth it. I continue to buy all my shears from Purple Dragon
Great elevated bed. Good size and quality materials. I have big German shepherds and they fit great, recommended!
my 5-month-old dog took to the boots just fine
This is a great leash. Strong clip and smooth retraction.
My cat had horrible mats on her entire body. I was told by several people that only a vet would be able to shave her. So I ordered the poppy pet. It was so quiet the noise didn't bother her and I was able to easily shave off all of the mats without hurting her. I did it quickly so she doesn't look the best but it does make a very even shave. Best product!!!!‘/'
The large collar looks great and seems very well made. The buckle is metal (some are plastic, but this one is metal), and the o-ring you attach a leash to is sturdier than I've seen on some other colors. The fit on my 70 lb golden retriever is good.
My picky little cat loves it. It is very gravy like in its consistency. Ordered it again - it's still a favorite. I give my cats little tuna for variation between order shipments.
Nice for my elderly dog. Took her some getting use to because there is a little ‘give' but we ate good now. So much nicer looking than the cheap plastic with fleece covered ones.
This is the best litter I've ever used. I have two cats and two litter boxes. No smell !! Hard clumping makes very easy cleanup once each week!
Received the Scooper with extra boxes of bags and the little box of bags holder that sticks to the unit. I use it everyday and it holds a lot. If you only have a little to scoop, you can just store it upside down and the trap door stays shut keeping the smell in the unit. I would highly recommend this product.
I have a 70 pounds yellow Lab and my dog pulls a lot . This leash is very safety for my dog when she's pulling .This leash is easy to use and the quality is very good . I love it !
Great food but Betta would only eat the red flakes.
Dog loves them more than me.. Whats up with that???
This product is wonderful. I've been using it on both of my dogs for a while now. I had to drop the dosage on one of my dogs with a sensitive stomach, but other than that, we love this product.
Fits a lil snug but it looks great.
Our kitty LOVES this cat tree. She uses the scratch posts ALOT. She doesnt use the hut part much but sleeps in the round hammock every day. I placed the cat tree in front of the window and she lays there soaking up the sun!! Highly recommended. Took a bit to put together but well worth it.
Purchased for a foster as had temporarily. She was very thin and the Velcro was great for getting a perfect fit. They never leaked and she seemed comfortable.
I was really impressed with these paw protectors. My dog does not have a problem when I put them on. I bought them to protect my wood floor and they have done the job remarkably. They look good and I truly believe my dogs struts when wearing them.
Very nice keepsake for someone who has lost a pet. I plan to place one in the box holding my cat April's ashes once they are returned to me. I will keep the other one with me. These are pretty weighty and stamped well for this price. They are about the size of a silver dollar. I am very pleased.
As described and fits perfectly.
This scratch protector is very helpful and easy to install. My dog likes to claw the door and destroy the paint on the door. A friend recommended using this door protector. I placed it on my door and it works well. Worth every penny!
Great product!!! Got it for my father for a Father's Day gift for him and his dog. Easy set up, highly mobile and easy to adjust for the dog's height.
We just new two new kittens and they love their tree and the box it comes in also.
Looks better in person!
Plants arrived in great shape and already flowering even after a bit of a SNAFU with the local post office that delayed delivery a few days. Though the leaves are kinda small compared to some of the photos, I'm certain I got more plants than advertised and I look forward to seeing them grow.
Soft leather, very nice quality.
This is a great crate for my Husky dog. She sleeps in it every night with no problem and takes little naps here and there. Easy to put together and clean.
I bought this for my grandmother, she had a cheap harness for her dog. This one is sturdy and gives us a great hold on him. He was about to slip out of his other one. I love the handle on it as well. It gives us control when trying to keep him near. Also, with this harness I am able to tether him to the away so he doesn't jump around the car. I would highly recommend this harness.
My cats love curling up in a scratch pad and this one is not only functional but also aesthetically pleasing. Will definitely repurchase after they destroy it.
Use to store my 35 lb bag of dog food in the basement. Serves it's purpose. Keeps food safe and fresh. Mice has not been able to access nor penetrate. It serves it's purpose.
Great bowls.. the tray helps catch the food my puppy drops. Great price too
Easy to use for my cat
Dogs go absolutely nuts for the duck flavoured treat. Put five stars on the flavour as they haven't turned their noses up and I'm not going to try them. Yes they are expensive but knowing our dogs are eating a good product is worth it.
Very good, nos I dont have to get up in the night
The latches were strong, and seemed very sturdy overall. Like the ability to open side doors for another entrance or exit.
Bought for sisters dog and tried this out had some effect. Hopefully will work after a few times.
I tried all designs of cat bed on the market, but so far this bowl is my cats' favorite and they never get tired of this bowl.
I am absolutely obsessed with these are pumps. I use them for my turtles, fish, aquatic frogs, anything that I need a pump for. I like that they have dual nozzles, and I can use splitters to really spread them out throughout several tanks. They're reliable, they're quiet, and in fact I would say they are as quiet as any pump I've ever used. You can't go wrong with these. They also have an adjustable knob to control air pressure. The price is fantastic for what you get.
Love this! Easy use. I have a rescue dog that supposedly is a boxer...now I can finally find out. So far happy with this product.
I got this as a gift for one of my cat loving friends. It is super cute, the cat collar seems a little bit big (even when made smaller) so I am hoping that it fits her kitty.
For my older dogs hip displasia and arthritis. Have given this for quite a while and it has really helped.
My dog has never worn shoes. I bought the size large, and they fit him well. He's a 93 pound American bulldog/bull mastiff mix. He acclimated to these relatively quickly and can now go on long walks without issue. The two Velcro straps keep the boots on when we're out walking over an hour. He doesn't seem to mind them. They are not very tall, so obviously snow is going to get into the top of the boot if your dog walks through deeper drifts. No complaints.. Seem sturdy enough for $20. They are not completely waterproof and will eventually get damp on the outside. Though it says this in the description, so I was aware when I purchased them. I bought these for two reasons: 1 to protect my dog's feet from salt and ice, and 2 we just had a below zero cold spell. Would buy again.
Bought this for my dog she has had a ball playing with it.
Works fine. Arrived promptly.
Bag is HUGE. The dog loves these simple healthy treats.
Nice product. Just as expect and works great. Nice quality at this price, I would recommend it to my friends! Thanks!
This is a great product use it all the time for my little dogs
Awesome Log Cabin Doggie Den. This is the XSmall. Easy to put together. I brushed Polyurethane all over it which added the finishing touch. I got a dining chair cushion to put inside and that fits perfectly. My little Yorkie and my little Chihuahua fit perfect inside together. I didn't get this for outdoors, I wanted something that looked nice in the house.
My dogs love GoDog toys. They are durable and have large squeakers that are not easily damaged.
good value for the money. Arrived same as described.
Solid product comes complete and effective
This food is high quality and agrees with our dog.
My Pablo Picasso gets all kinds of compliments on his very cool black and yellow leather collar with his name on it. It is very well-made and strong and grading is still good and intact that was my only concern and so far so good. We love it
Works well to trim mats from cat fur.
Excellent filter! Cleared up my chronically cloudy tank within 5 days. Like magic. Excellent value!
My bird is a chewer - shredder and can go through toys in no time. This one is still standing. A fun design and gives her something to play with.
great Gate for the price we have a small dog so we didn't need that heavy duty gate but something that was a deterrent and could move easily by us.
Fast shipping Re-order several times
Used this in my room to give my dog a little more space. Better than crating her
Perfect. Dog loves them and my Vet approved.
Just received items and gave one each to my 2 boxers, they immediately ate the 4 chews. I am happy they will eat them, hoping to see a difference over time. Thank you
Works great! Makes pets feel loved.
Great my dog loves it
Awesome product and awesome customer service. Worked great then when my dog ate the remote I told them and they sent me a replacement for free! Great product I would recommend to anyone
My dog loves them and they do a great job of keeping his teeth clean. Actually no longer have to take him to the vet to have his teeth cleaned.
These are great! Every time I've purchased one I end up gifting it. Great for any outdoor activities where you might encounter an unruly dog on the way. My neighbors dog would always greet me with it's annoying barking. Using training mode I got him to stop. I don't even have to use it anymore. It's construction is not the highest quality but it's cheap and effective. There is no on/off switch. It has a selector switch that allows you to go from flash light (on), to training and repel using the additional momentary on button on the top of the device. That said you do need to be careful where you keep it because your normal switch position for storing will be training mode and you may be activating it unknowingly.
Very durable as our dogs are rough and tumble
Fish gobble it up. Will buy again
I looked up products hoping there was a better way to calm my dog down. He was pacing back and fourth,crying , chewing on his legs, keeping me up all hrs of the night couldn't calm him down without knocking him out. I order this product after reading up on it and besides getting him to eat it . Its works.. I will recommend this product and I tell everyone that has a dog with this issues as mine.
These ropes are awesome! They are large size and perfect for large dogs . My border collie is 60 pounds and these have stood up to his strength of his constant tugging and chewing. The are very durable and seem that they'll last for some time. Really awesome feature is there is 3 different ropes in the pack which gives dogs a variety to choose from. I love the fact that their is a built in handle to play tug with your dog. The weight of the rope is perfect too for a game of toss. Well worth the price.
Does a great job of deodorizing our three dogs. The scent reminds me of strawberry candy, lol.
This is a well made, sturdy dog collar. Wide range of colors.
Have 5 days we don't have to constantly fill up the water super easy
This was exactly what we were looking for and not as expensive as others
works well! i love that it has the option to clip in the front and back
Nice price and it works well.
Perfect play and rest area for my 2 cats. Exactly as described. Arrived quickly.
This is MAGIC! With the snow melting and the ground becoming soft, this is my new favorite 'accessory'! It's as simple as dipping the dog's paws in 2-3 times each (or as many as you'd like) to remove the mud/dirt and the bristles inside are soft and do not irritate the dog's paws. It's so much easier to wipe his feet dry instead of trying to wipe all the mud off each time he comes inside. I highly recommend this product.
a friend bought it for his dog, he is a fan.
Amazing! Larger then I thought it would be and it's nice that it's a powder instead of pills since my dog spits pills out. Been using for a little big and it seems to be helping my German Shepherd! YAY!
This plant arrived in great condition, looking nice and healthy. It even arrived a day earlier than expected. It's planted and looking good. Hopefully I can get it to carpet the tank.
Good fit. Does not move. Great for pets and kids
I used it the the round scissors the very next day and i was able to clip my dogs hair beautifully. Thanks
Excellent product I purchased 40lbs and received 7-9 nice size pieces. When you receive them use a water hose on jet to pressure wash it. That will open up all the holes and crevices
Great idea for a product. To know your pets can be safe if anything may happen to you. Priceless!
Works great. Like the finish cut on the dog.
My Labrador loves them. Don't know what else to say. She devoured all 3.
This has been my best purchase for kitties, ever.!! They are now 5 mth old and still chase each other around in here. There is a hole in the top so I can drop a toy in or pet their heads or they pop their heads out. It's so comical. I hear them playing constantly even after bed time. Love this thing. Not a rip in it. Very durable.
I am very pleased with the product so far. I installed it right away after it came in the mail. Very easy to install. My dog is now learning to not leave my yard. Overall good product and at a cheap price.
Never tried a bark collar before so I decided to purchase this one after browsing I must say very interesting product I like how it has so many functions and is rechargeable might have to purchase a couple more in the future !
Keeps the toys from going under the couch immediately
Both hounds are thriving on this food. Seller was well priced and very efficient!
excellent, almost not noise for the dogs,gentle touch, I love it and my dog was calm
This is the only toy I found that my Rottie has not torn up and love to play with! 5 stars all the way
My puppy loves these!!
Good quality, should last a while.
This is a very high quality leash. The material is strong and thick and the clamps are heavy. The only thing is I wish the leash was a bit longer. It does stretch a bit. There are two pockets on the belt for storage and the silver parts all seem to be reflective. Very well made leash.
My cat is the runt of the litter and she was getting a pretty big belly.After switching to this product,she already looks healthier.Loves the chicken flavor,so problem solved !
We really like this shampoo. Our indoor cats always get fleas in the summer. This shampoo kills the fleas on contact and kept them away for a while.
She likes to hang out on it, sleep, scratch it a bit too. We didn't even use the catnip. Good purchase.
Like this item a lot will purchase again
Great product! Keeps out the wind and rain
I love how easy it is to put my cat in and out of the carrier. This was a great find!
Our dog loves these. They are very meaty.
My dog loves these treats! Well digested. Good ingredients. Recommended!
Works well, what can I say?
Wonderful product! Both my picky dogs love them!
My dog loves this food
love these so inexpensive and perfect portion size for a kitten
Huge bag! This is great and the price is perfect.
I love these for my male dogs , they are a perfect fit and stay on them absolutely wonderful, would recommend to anyone who has a male , great quality and an amazing price!
Cat loves, easy to grow, grows fast!
They are great. I use a disposable wrap under it too. Only thing is my pug has learned to wiggle out of them sometimes! 😁
This Collar is very well made . High quality.
My puppy loves this ball
Very happy with this purchase -- easy to clean and best of all my fussy cat uses it and loves it. He didn't like the other fountain that I had and would paw it and go away -- so this is a winner.
Great product. Smells humanly tempting.
These are awesome! Great quality. Vibrant colors. Text is large and legible from a few feet away. Way better than dog tags!
As good as it claims
This pet gate is the best thing ever! I love the little pet gate, and I love that I can lock it!
Best treats ever for Agility class. They are soft and you can break into smaller pieces and the dogs can see them against the dark floor if you need to toss them. Love that they are made in USA and don't have lots of additives.
All good. These are great. My Boston loves them. Good value. Never see these in stores.
My two labs love these pig ears and go crazy for them. Such a great snack for them. Good bang for your buck as well.
I originally bought Pet Corrector for my dog, but she learns so well I didn't really need it. Then I got her a kitten. I've used it successfully for the kitty on many occasions, primarily for using her claws on anything other than the scratching post, and it works amazingly well. It does such a good job of stopping her clawing my rugs & furniture i don't need to consider declawing.
My bulldog is allergic to life and experiencing anxiety as part of his aging process. This was recommended to me and it worked like a charm 1st night in months he wasn't crying for no reason. He starts at 6pm until he cries himself to sleep. This product has really helped us out. He's happy and calm with no signs of being drugged.
I installed one of these in my houseboat and it is amazing. I did it on training mode for a few weeks (no batteries) until the neighbor's cat figured it out. I went down to the local vet and got a microchip immediately and now my cat is zipping in and out with no problem. At night I just set it to no in and out so he stays inside. When the neighbor's kitty tries to infiltrate our solitude we just laugh at him ... as he is no match for this kitty door. **update: I was wrong. The neighbors cat is now lounging on my couch and there is an empty bowl in the kitchen. Buy knowing that this is not fool proof after all.
My dog loves these .
These worked great for my female Blue Heeler.
My cat does not like pill pockets, and any cat owner can tell you that coaxing an elderly cat to take their pills is beyond frustrating. But I read the reviews saying this smells like bacon, and my little weirdo LOVES bacon. He gobbled his pills up right away and was looking for more. Thank you!!! For cats who beg at the table but get finicky about treats, this is a godsend.
I needed these for my babies long nails and they work perfectly.
works like a charm! you don't even need to turn the collar on, just turn on the monitor and the dog already knows.
I shake out the accumulated litter outside and rinse it off. Also it looks nice and the cats do not object to it-- a good purchase,
have a mini schnauzer weight abt 17 lbs and fits great, just took it in a bit. great product.
I saw this advertised on a different site for twice the price. So was happy to have found it for a more reasonable cost on amazon. It's a cute addition to my living room. It came in a ginormous heavy box. Was not difficult to put together by myself. The trunk is hard plastic in segments that fit over a central pole and and the levels screw onto the central pole between the trunk segments keeping them in place. It is heavy and sturdy. Good for climbing. My cat loves it. His favorite game now (a sentiment not shared by the dogs) is playing death from above. He hides behind the leaves and peaks out at the dogs. Then drops onto them like a leopard on a gazelle. Lots of fun for the cat. The dogs are slowly learning to avoid kitty's death tree. He enjoys sharpening his claws on the grassy bit. And he will lay under the tree on the grass sometimes, like it's a shade tree. He is getting exercise by climbing it. Now he can run right up it to the top without pausing. He gets quite the arm workout going between the levels when he dead lifts himself with his front paws, like he's doing dips. The dogs have noticed and again are becoming more wary. So in short: cat gives it five stars. Dogs are wondering about the return policy.
My dog loves this crate ! Well constructed and easy to set up. GREAT PRICE!
I have been using them for years. I put them under a cloth diaper at night - or when we will be out for extended periods. They hold a lot
Received product and happy with quality and customer care! Thank you!
Excellent quality and excellent price. I am extremely happy with my purchase.
Cheap and accurate. I like that it can be removed/moved easily.
LOVE the smell soooo good. All my coworkers can smell it from across the grooming salon. As far as the detangling goes, I haven't noticed much of a difference considering I use other products as well for that purpose. Really good for the price tho and smells delicious
These work great and are great quality especially for the price. Shaved my dog evenly (Even for my first time) and had absolutely no issues, even received compliments about a great he looked. I charged it for a few hours before use, Scissors are sharp and the Grooming glove was a hit also. Definitely recommend.
Bought this as a donation
Surprised at quality for price - fantastic. Came with 6 balls instead of 3. Snaps together easily. Kitty walked up to immediately and started to play. She is obsessed with it!
Perfect size for my Lovebird, Went together easily. Would have preferred the doors that opened in and out - Will be buying the smaller cage for my Parrotlet. Love not having seed mess on the floor. Customer service is excellent - had a crack in the debris shield and replacement was sent immediately.
Cute little shirts! They fit as expected and my dog is comfortable in them.
Our girls look great in these!!
Our dogs love this as a treat, and we believe it is good for them, too!
I love these bags. They don't break and are strong enough to hold a lot.
I got them as gifts for people who buys a puppy from me. The dogs love to play with them. An I use them also for my puppies to play with.
Great brush and a good price
Works great. You can't beat it for the price either. It's less than 1 visit getting them trimmed
Great for walking dog at night around the yard. Light is great and what a useful product!
Perfect for pet treats! Cute and durable.
It looks great and doesn't shed as much as the other PetFusion loungers. I love the bigger size because now numerous cats can play/snooze on it. I think it is well worth the money.
Perfect home for my Guinea pig. Lots of space and good hiding spot. Only issue is my Guinea pig is nibbling at the wood.
My Bengal cat loves loves this food, even if he's not hungry, he hears me pouring he comes a running and chows down
Great material and super cute.
This sweater is great for my Yorkie! The size #10 fits her perfectly. It keeps her warm and looks so cute! I always get compliments when we go out. I have both the beige/tan color and the olive green! Love them both on her.
Put this on my hyper chihuahua and she went from running all over the place to a lap dog.
Works great for giving the cat some exercise!
My puppy absolutely loved this one. Even more than a bone. The squeak isn't very loud but still works well. Please note that there is only one in the package despite the seller pics
Slows her down beautifully, no vomitting since she started using
Good Quality a little pricey but the dog liked it
These are my favorite bags - hold up great. Strong and thick enough to do the job well.
This collar fits great and seems quite durable. Exactly as advertised. The color is vibrant and cute too. Definitely a bargin with good quality and low cost!
I love this. It works perfect for my kitty's. No more carrying a heavy kennel to the vet. It is very well made and sturdy. Well worth the cost.
Not the best quality picture but it shows the orange and pink collar's brightness about 60 yards away. Extremely bright and seems very solid! I ordered two Mediums. One for a 20lb German Shorthaired Pointer pup and one for a 73lb German Shepherd. The medium on the GSP pup is a touch big but it's fine since he will grow into it. The Medium for the German Shepherd is plenty big and she's a good size dog. Would highly recommend!
My dogs love this food! I have 2 older dogs, (15 and 13) and since they have been on this food they are now at a healthy weight and have so much more energy and spunk to them. You would think they were only 5 and 7!
I have bought several dog beds over the years and this particular one is absolutely the best yet!! I love that it is water proof and it is very durable, yet quite soft and comfortable. I just got a puppy 2 weeks ago and she sleeps and plays in this bed all the time!! Highly recommend and reasonably priced!!
Super cute! Bought this for my underweight Heeler we adopted. She was about 25 pounds when we first bought it and it was a little loose. She's about 35 pounds now and it still fits. She loves wearing it!
I have this thing pump water 5 foot back into my tank on the lowest setting and it just about drains my sump i had to raise my water level to keep this beast happy!
Got it today, Thursday right on time as I'm going on a weekend road trip to visit some family on Saturday. My kitten is a little over a month old and so far she loved the carrier. She didn't want to get out of it.
I thought the portable canopy was really cute but, it was way too small for my Bichon. Good for dogs 15lb or less.
Super good comb. The cat loves it and it really gets rid of anything that might be in the fur.
It's sturdy and nice
This is perfect, it is sturdy, well made, and comfortable for my big African Boerboel Mastiff. He has a 25" neck and 46" chest so you cant find a harness that fits him until now. This thing still has room in it for even larger dogs. Nice product.
I love this carrier and so does my cat. She hated her hard sided carrier, so l decided to try a soft sided one. I love being able to slip my hand in and petting her! I have also received a couple of compliments on the looks of the carrier.
I thought it did not work at first and was getting ready to send back but the silver clip slides allowing the comb to fit over my 10” blade for the Andis AGC Super 2 speed
I own a pet sitting business and I deal with a lot of dogs with bad breath. Not only that, I also see animals who deal with gum disease and whose parents have to pay to have their teeth removed. This is very easy to use; if you have a small dog like mine you don't need much at all, so two of these will last long. (Give the extra one to a friend!) People forget dogs need dental care just as much as their human companions.
My sweet furbaby is loving these bones!
Delivered as promised. My problem is that the rescued dog doesn't understand toys. He'd rather have human attention than food even! How do you teach a dog to play?
Good customer service Works great!
My cat LOVES these. I keep them on top of my freezer and he will sit on the counter staring at them wanting me to give him his treats.
This front lead harness provides so much more control for big happy hyper dogs. This harness is easy to put on, and actually easier to put on than a standard harness.
My cats dont like the brushes, but love these! They will force me to pet them when I have them on!!! The male cat who is skittish will let me once he smells it off of my hand on the floor for a lil bit, but the female cat loves these gloves !!! So Happy with these gloves!
My dog LOVES this food. A few years ago, my dogs tummy started getting sensitive and we found he was throwing up his food. We switched to this and he is doing very well on it. No more tummy problems and he eats it all up. He is getting to be an old man and he is doing well when we include this food in his diet.
Perfect for my little Shih Tzu. She likes to stretch out.
Delivered early. A bit shorter than what was expected but not bad. It's more wider and shorter than most cat trees I've seen. But the cats seem the like a lot. It does have bells on the little ball attachments but they are removable. Made with a soft material and has cushioning on the top platforms. I do recommend this as a good buy.
They small but lots come in bag. Well worth the price
This pad is snuggly soft and fits the corresponding elevated bed well. Sadly, my one dog likes to chew soft fleece and blankets and chewed it - so now these covers are for the cats enjoyment.
Looks good, rinsed easy. Great contrast with my Black Crown-tail Beta.
Started using this product in September, so far I am on my 5th jar. One I gave to a friend to use. I started using it because of a flea issue and it definitely helped eliminate the problem. I use 1 teaspoon per day in my Shelties food to help with his coat, he loves the taste . He takes a daily supplement so I just put a little on that and he takes the pill with great ease. I have used it for dry spots and a sore that my fox terrier had and it healed nicely... I am a certified dog trainer and highly recommend to my clients
This product worked great ! I had to purchase something to keep my dog in the yard while my fence was being repaired. it was super easy to put together and use. I like that it is easy to put away too.
They are just the right size and so quick and easy to put on or take off. My dogs seem like they are very comfortable while wearing them too. Nice looking too.
Even my picky puppy didn't fuss too much when I put it on him!
Very good for what I need. It's working out well, appears to be keeping the dog's food fresh.
I've owned/tried much more expensive mats and haven't found on that performs any better than this one and it is truly easy to clean!! There are so many out there today and its hard to filter through all of them or to truly know which is better but I will say this one was a great buy for the money.
This collar does a pretty good job for my dogs. I've been buying them for a few years, and they beat any others I have tried, other than the super expensive products.
Super cute and easy to put on!
My dogs love these treats. I am very picky about what I give my dogs and these fit my needs perfectly.
My cat hates fish for his food, but is in love with this dry cat food for some reason. Highly recommend for picky cats.
Great price for the number of bags you get. Easy load canister to clip to belt loop. Need to be careful pulling them out as than can get stuck and are thin. No problems with smell. Would purchase again.
Great product. Must have for your puppies.
My hamster loves these! I've tried buying a few different types of chews for her, but she hasn't been very interested in any of them. But she absolutely loves these!
I bought this for a co worker and I'm sure she and her pet will enjoy it!
Tags are perfect. Very clear to read & they stay put on the collar . No jingle or worry they will get caught up & pulled off. Love them.
Great for take out your dog for a jog
These have really helped two of my dogs with their occasional bladder issues.
Love it! Package came next day after delivery! My toy poodle eats better, sleeps better and seems to be more energetic. Will order again!
Love this product, easy to use, my cats no longer bother me to feed them in the morning
Bought this for my sister in law and her baby for Christmas and they LOVED it! He fits right in there and his Mom can carry him with her now. Out of the $300 I spent for her, this little inexpensive gadget was the hit of it all!
no more drips! but water comes out much slower.it gets annoying at night
Excellent price for such a large bag of dried meat treats. At first I thought the pieces were a bit small, but it's turned out to be a great size for my 2 small dogs being that the treats are super crunchy. My dogs love them. I hope the next bag we purchase also has the small pieces too.
Great fit. Easy to put on.
My dog loves all the different toys and textures in this bag ! Great price !
My fussy cats really love this, and they haven't been throwing up hair balls since I've changed them to grain free food
I'm so happy that we went with this comb. I was iffy as to how it would work on our tender skinned puppy. It is great! The ends are nicely rounded and he was use to it within a few days.
Order arrived quickly. This spray bark collar works really great, Instant decrease in barking. Easy to use, rechargeable. Very effective bark collar without hurting my little puppy. My dog loves wearing her collar(s) and will actually bring them to us when they are off and she wants them to be put back on.
Besides the health benefits, the fact that my dog willingly gobbles them up is such a relief. Anyone that has an dog knows how stressful it can be to get him/her to take pills of any kind.
The inside pillow is reversible and has the tan color on the other side. Looks nice
My 4 month old golden retriever loves it! We've had this for a few weeks and, even though she loves gnawing through her toys as quickly as possible, this has stood the test of time!
One reason I bought this tooth gel is because it can be used on dogs and cats. The dog loves it (lets me put it along his gumline, licks it off my fingers), the cat not so much (runs away when he sees it coming). We have no bad doggy breath, clean teeth, and a thumbs up from the vet. Our dog is 2 1/2, and we have used this gel, much better than the first one we tried, for about a year.
I returned this. I ended up not needing it after my dog's surgery on her hind leg.
My vet uses these as treats in their office. Our dogs and cat love them! I feel less guilty giving them snacks, since these are healthy!
I was recommended this from a doxie breeder for our new weenie pup. Our Gemma LOVES this and her coat is SO soft and shiny from it. We have given her this from day 1 and she has had healthy poops every day! It is a bit stinky but that's how you know it's made with REAL meat and oils. Only wish Amazon had it on subscribe and save! We go through 1 bag every month.
Smell is ok, not to over whelming smell, and I like that. Works really well, lathers up well and cleans good, leaving my puppy shiny and clean and soft. I would and will buy this product again.
My water in my 10 gallon fish tank was getting cloudy constantly. I changed water and cleaned the tank but yet the water was still cloudy. Bought this stuff and added required amount. within an hour the water was CRYSTAL CLEAR! A few weeks go by and water is starting to look a little dull...added this stuff and it made my water clear again. Highly recommend this if you have cloudy water in your tank.
Love this leash, it's a strong leash and cute too. Just what I was looking for in a good leash, the leash is thick and the handles are padded for comfort and this leash is a high quality leash in my opinion better than the leashes they sell in-store. Holds my 80 lb lab puppy with ease when she tries to escape my grasp, now to just get her to actually walk on it lol
My dog love them! Nice and soft for my little dogs teeth
Wow what an awesome product....she was miserable in the cone she left with at the vet's office now she can eat sleep and walk with no problem.
Perfect tool for dogs who don't do well during showers. I got this to try with our only dog who does not like to take showers. The strap can be put on pretty firm on your hand so it does not slip off. The length of the hose is a good distance so you don't have to be right next to the faucet. Shipping was quick and very fast too.
It works really well with my chihuahua who can't stand up on her own due to neurological problems.
Works well, very convenient. Got this because I'm going on vacation, and I don't like the vacation feeders. This is really great because you can set it and then forget it about it.
My 4 crazy dogs love these and they are difficult to find them in our local stores in the large size. Happy with my purchase and future purchases!
Its good for small non aggressive chewing dogs.
The ONLY toy that has ever lasted more than a week with my pit bull. It's like her crack. We get at least three months before she breaks it, we've reordered at least five times! Love it!
bought them as replacements for dog toys, our dog kills them quickly, these made the toys fun again.
We have a 15 year old Beagle. She has cancer and some arthritis in her back legs. We find that it helps her at night so she gets some good sleep. We like doing her pain management as natural as we can. We do have medicine from our vet for the hard day's. Only thing that we didn't like is the glass dropper , afraid she would bite down on it and end up with glass in her mouth. We went to our vet and got some plastic syringes to get it on her gums.
It was great and definitely 5 star
Our order was processed and shipped immediately. Upon receiving and opening the box we found good clear instructions and a template, and the product appeared to be sturdy and well made. Installation was relatively simple and provided the perfect portal for our two dogs and two cats. The inner and outer flaps do a good job of making the door fairly weather-tight and not affecting heating or cooling efficiency. We are extremely pleased with the product and would highly recommend it.
Lala really loves to play, came back is a bite, and later taught it how to play, learn about it, it really is eating goods, as long as the time to learn to eat. Finally, to emphasize that the quality of the baby is very good.
Exactly as described...my dog love it.
my dog LOVES these babble balls!
The seed catchers that go all around stand..no more mess on floor from seed ..
This oil has seemed to make a big difference in my dog's skin issues. Although I have only been using it for a few weeks, some of her sores have finally cleared up after several months of trying other (prescribed & OTC) ointments and medications. It is so easy to dispense with the pump, not messy and does not have any discernible odor.
Great product from a great company.
It seems to be an excellent product, my Mini Dachshund loves it and ate it without mixing in her previous brand...