Followed instructions, and never caught a mosquito.
Only worked for about a month and now dead?
this was a birthday present when she opened the box the glass was broke and the light bulb was hanging it is really cute but don't bother really not worth the hassel
Would a great timer if it was waterproof. It would seem like something that is being used outdoors in most cases would be waterproof especially something controlling sprinklers. I had one growing season but failed a few weeks into the following season after the control shorted out after getting wet. It performed so well that I thought I would just try another and cover the control as best I could with a plastic bag. It failed after only a few months and for the same reason even after protection.
Leaked, the very first try
The thing doesnt even work
They should have made the base more red this attracts very few hummingbirds compared to the red one I bought at the dollar store...
These are the worst quality mats- we bought (2) for our house and neither mat is properly aligned. The edges are awfully cut and uneven.
When this mower arrived, I was delighted with its design and light weight. However, after a months use, the handle began to require constant tightening and attention. Eventually, the plastic adjustable handles wore out and I had to use wire to clamp the two sections together. Towards the end of the mowing season, the motor stopped working, apparently burned out. I have owned other corded electric mowers, including B&D and was impressed. However, this mower has driven me back to a gas-powered unit.
Small and not very bright. We bought two sets and the driveway isn't lit sufficiently at night. One light didn't work. Won't order again.
If you're a mobile detailer don't waste your money on this foam gun , stopped foaming after 1 week , I had a better one which I already had but that one failed of me after a year and half of use just got this cause i thought it would last. Disappointed also the suction tube cracks very easily
Was very disappointed it only lasted 1 week. The threads are horrible I connected a intex hose that came with a intex sand filter and the hose came straight off. The threads should of hold.
It didn't make it a year. Not sure if the sun broke down the material or what, but it tore by the strap after a couple month. Then we had some wind and they cover tore right in half. Ugh
No directions. Looked around online and found the site they had directions but were very unclear. Once I figured it out I realized the auger does not fit into the part it's supposed to fit into. Don't know how I'll be able to use it and sure wish I'd looked it over when I first got it because I"m pretty sure it's too late to return it.
The wrong angel showed up. The angel with a dog showed up when I ordered the cat one
I followed the directions exactly and only one of the ten I got got some green leaves then quickly died.
It barely spits water
Its a piece of junk, picture shown looks cute. And to make matters worse it came with the plastic opened and the spinner is not even there. Don't waste $19.00 on this junk!
need to get a start and replant later. have not tried yet, hope seeds survive till i can work it. No instruction supplied, went on line for info.
Just closed pool on Tuesday. Clasp that tightens rope around the pool cover broke today Friday. Clasp only lasted 3 days. Read some good reviews before I bought this pool cover. Guess I didn't read enough of them.
Don't waste your money on this piece of garbage. Tried four different baits, nothing worked.
Terrible! Who can use an already melted candle?
I planted it in the ground and it just dried up and died.
My chipmunks are still here
Did not work. The Ortho product is 100 times better
HATE IT! HOSE LEAKS AND I CANNOT GET A RESPONSE FROM SELLER.
Bought 2; they both died two after opening them. Tried to recharge batteries but screws in the units are so small that no screw driver could loosen them. not worth the effort to even return them.
An entire piece was missing from the split and taped carton but we were too far along to repack it and send it back. Pieces didn't fit together well so we had to make adjustments. Poorly designed.
This guage MUST be installed with the relief port facing up, yet 99% of hose spigots point down. It is unusable in this manner.
This is advertised as bait......it's not...........it will kill them if they walk through it so I dusted it under my appliances, but the lure part.........nada
Used it to keep my outdoor plants watered while we were gone. Stated they would keep your plants watered for up to two weeks. We were gone 4 days and one plant was dead, & the water was gone from the bulbs. Would not recommend.
These nozzles are absolute JUNK. It took almost the whole package to find 12 that work. 8 didn't fit, 6 had the center orifice blow out the minute I turned the system on. I have requested a full refund from Amazon. If you have a high pressure system DO NOT BUY these!!!
Would not recommend. Poorly made. When we went to set up and plug in the lights one of the candy canes did not light up at all.
Less than 60 days into use it's completely broke.... won't turn on, won't deflate etc.
Very light weight and thin... POOR quality seems like a product that costs 50 cents to make. Issued a return and they didn't even want me to ship it back so I gave it away.
I bought these to drive away gophers, they have been in the ground 2 months now and I still have active gophers all around these spikes, one of these spikes shuts off and I have to turn it off and back on each day for it to work the other three work fine making noise just not working for gophers.
This is flimsy and not as strong as the other ones. I do not recommend this.
These are either total GARBAGE or I have some very smart Wasp and Hornets. I've watch at least 7 go in....and get out whenever they want. Has yet to trap ONE "forever".
Install was easy and fits perfectly but it so unbalanced that the vibration makes it impossible to mow. Spend some extra and get the original OEM parts.
Ordered two of them. Almost $30 each one of them. Both of them not healthy looking. Will never purchase from this seller
First off they don't give enough washers to assemble properly. It's difficult to assemble. Once assembled the feeder bar plugs very easily with fertilizer even with dry fertilizer but has slightly soft pellets. The material I was using has a black pellet that plugged the feeder bar. The 3 bags gone. $150 bucks. Most fertilizers now have soft pellets. This thing plugs them in the feeder bar and it turns into a solid bar. It needs a different feeder bar to work with today's fertilizers.
Doesn't work the mosquitoes still bite me with the bracelets so I want my money
Do not buy this product. Both of them, boxes were open, one of box looks like someone used several. Boxes were not closed or sealed.
Cheaply made, not worth the money.
Hello i received the product without the hose.never received the 100 foot hose
The umbrella no longer stands up straight. It broke within 2 uses and is now useless.
They didn't even send the right seeds
Did not help with mice at all.
Doesn't work to prevent algae!!!!!!!!!! Very upset
The blower is ok, but the weed eater is terrible. Do not buy an auto feed weed eater
Waste of time and money. I bought 2 of these lights and both times it only came working half way. they already send it to you mended and soldered. Save yourself some headache and AVOID at all costs.
When it finally arrived, nothing was labeled, so I have no idea what I planted. Also no instructions on planting. Hope I put them in right side up? Mailing Labels on the box were all in Chinese. No help there.
DO NOT BUY! A waste of money. DOES NOT work. DOES NOT HEAT. And much smaller than what it looks on Amazon. TRULY! does not work and does not heat, and for cool it is just a small fan.
DOES NOT WORK AT ALL
These fairy lights first appeared to be just what I wanted, but as soon as I VERY CAREFULLY began to unwind the string from the pallet, the lights stopped working. There was a break in the copper wire between the first set of lights. Disappointed.
Bought this hose because the review stated it was very durable that you can even run a car over it without damage. The first time we tried to use it, we screwed a spray nozzle onto it, turned on the water and the connector stayed in the nozzle but came off the hose. As if it was not crimped to the hose. Customer service gave us a runaround, and stopped answering our emails! We were extremely disappointed with the defective product, but mostly the Customer service. Would never buy anything from this company again!
Package arrived on time. We got the cheaper one that had been opened before. It had some dings in it which we expected for the lower price. What we didn't expect was that we were missing one of the pivot balls needed for installation. We ended up going to Home Depot and used two pieces of PVC caps to remedy that. Now the bottom piece won't stay in place while in the pool. Still working on this project so we can actually use this ladder. Amazon offered a 5 dollar credit for next order and also to send it back to order a new one. We threw away the boxes and didn't want the hassle of sending back. We would not order this again.
Has been in use for several weeks and has not trapped anything.
No mixing sticker on back
Didn't fit any bottle we own.
Worst thing I have ever purchased. Tuned pool green and had to replace with Sand 3 weeks after opening my pool. DO NOT PURCHASE!!!
Not worth the money. Only a handful of moss. Couldnt use it.
I bought this as I travel for work. I sleep in it one night a week. I am barely 300 for a 350 weight limit chair. Didn't even last 4 months. Complete waste of money. Not to mention the physical damage to me when it collapsed!
Even with zip ties on the connections and keeping water at a very low pressure, the hoses come off with the water flow. I gave it my best shot to like the product, but heavily disappointed.
I bought this 16 hours ago, for $16, after having it in my cart for over a month. I wake up and today I see the price has dropped 5 dollars. I hate price fluctuations like that, and I feel every such price change, done with no warning, no ability to predict or prepare for it, and which, in a situation like this, grossly takes advantage of people who made a purchase RIGHT BEFORE such a change, are impetus enough to never purchase a product from a particular company again. I live on a budget. $5 changes in prices in what I buy add up, and quickly. I am absolutely disgusted. If I felt I could do so without the appearance of abusing Amazon return policy, I would demand a full refund and return the product, when it arrives next Friday. This is infuriating. As is, I will use it when it arrives, but no matter how well it works, I will not adjust my ratings. I will only ever purchase, in the future, from a company that I do not feel is taking advantage of it's customers.
This stuff is useless. More like an attractant than a repellant. Just use deet.
Not good for fat people
This pole saw is extremely unbalanced. It is very difficult to use when attached to the pole. The saw does cut well for an electric chainsaw. My biggest complaint is this thing is a nasty mess. It constantly leaks a pool of oil all over anything around. I have oil stains on my workbench in the back of my truck in my driveway due to the leaky nasty mess this thing creates. If this thing was not such a pain to repackage I would be sending it back. I am very displeased with this purchase. The third time I used this the chain broke and flailed around. I was cutting a 1” branch when this happened. Yes, it did cut my hand. This product has no business being sold.
Product might work if the mouse went in, but unfortunately that doesn't happen...
They sent me an open box item or the product is different from the picture. There was no cap (handle) part when I open the package.
I have asked to cancel this. I get these ST charges coming up all the time and don't know what they are for. AMAZON HELP....
I bought two of these. One arrived leaking already. I used the second one today which was the second time I used it. It leaked all over my cooler and all of the food and drinks in my cooler making for a rough beach day with three hungry kids. Don't waste your money or you'll end up with a mess.
Whiskey barrel? It doesn't look anything like it. Plus it's made from cheep plastic. Last and certainly not least, it doesn't have any holes on the bottom. Still deciding if I want to send them back or put them in the back of the back yard.
Six of the eight are dead within a month of having them up. Not sure if it is the battery or the solar panel, either way do not buy this.
Did not get what was advertised
If you are looking for a humane, catch and release trap, this may not be the one for you. We caught 2 mice in 2 days, and found them both dead. We are quite certain this was due to suffocation. The location of the air holes gets blocked by the peanut butter (or other bait). And the size of the air holes is clearly not sufficient. Other reviewers here have reported the same problem. The air holes should remain where the bait goes so the mouse can easily smell it. BUT there needs to be ADDITIONAL holes for air exchange in the body of the trap as well. I have contacted the company, and they have promised to look into, and remedy, the situation. But, until they do, I would not recommend this trap. I would recommend looking for the same type of trap, but where the air holes are located in the body of the trap, and NOT just where the bait goes.
Thought when it said mini they would be smaller than what received.
Ordered 4 bottles. Received 3 in good shape, but the 4th leaked through the packaging. Post office was not pleased.
Don't spend money in this product, Nothing grow in this pipes ,water don't flow and they are so thing that you get green algae, since water don't run !! Now they avoid to return money!!! stay way from this seller !!! Things like that keep me way from on line shoping !!
Glass is too thick and bulky. Literally hurt my fingers I had depressed so hard. Got 2 but can't use them
Amazon does not stand behind plants and mine was apart inside the box and dead. Do not buy live plants from amazon.
This product did not give us good results. I don't feel it phased the moles at all. Those little guys are resilient! But....what made the mole leave in no time at all was...dryer sheets!!! Stuff a dryer sheet down the hole, and cover! I was amazed!!
Waste of money, doesn't work at all!
I kind of feel like this is a rip off!! I've been seeing bugs everywhere and I brought six of these things!!
I only received 2 blades.
Failed the first day,it just don't work no matter how i try ,don't waste your money
the brass sounded nice but the hose fell apart at the brass hookup to the spigot.
My package never arrived.
Cheap locks/latches pieces broken upon arrival, super soft wood and smaller than expected.... Instructions not very helpful had to guess on hinges on nest section. Would have returned it but the 2hrs worth of work to assemble it I have to try and use it, not sure it will hold 4 hens, maybe better for 2 hens or a rabbit
This hose literally broke is 30 seconds.
I have small home put in several places. still have mice and all that comes with that.
Molded and not in good condition. I cannot plant these. Not labeled. Do not buy!
The sealing surface is too small, it leaks all over the place. Very poor design a waste of money and time.
I ordered the hose but seller said they could not help me and refunded my money back..I would still love to order oe if its possible?
At first it started to work, then the animals like cats and dog just walked in my garage area and popped all over the place. What is supose to do, it doesn't. Black Ball
Fit was correct for a replacement on my 2004 polaris magnum 330 ATV. Petcock seemed to be decently made, however the valve leaked right out of the box. Will have to go elsewhere, probably pay 3X as much for an OEM replacement. You get what you pay for.
These lights leach water into the tubes, thus creating a hazard. Living in Florida we get rain, guess i will have to seal the units once they dry out. Not happy
The hose connects to the top and doesn't have a good seal for all the air leaks out when pumping. Was a bit useless and disappointing.
Doesn't work at all. I live in Hawaii. We have plenty of mosquitos. I've used the indicated attractant, 3 tanks of propane, moved it to areas outlined, did everything but sit on it and let the mosquitos use me as bait. It just doesn't do anything. I have about a teaspoon of dead bugs in the hopper. Don't waste your money.
Too cumbersome. It needs a wire or blade to make initial cut into snow
I ordered 10 of these. They never arrived. For the first time ever I received a message from Amazon saying "your package is lost". I just re-ordered. If they arrive I'll change my review...hopefully!!
Broke within minutes.
Did not work. Lights would not turn on.
Not vanilla seeds. Some kind of bean.
Worked okay the first day and that was it. Doesn't work anymore.
Grew big and tall and not one pepper on any of the plants
Lights did not come on even with sensor blocked off and use of supplied transformer. Returned.
It split so I returned it and the new one split... crappy product.
This thing disintegrates in no time. Company has honored it's lifetime guarantee, but it is so frustrating to have to replace it.
TERRIBLE!...DO NOT order this product it will only last a month and it is very difficult to contact the company for a return....I still have this junk in my possession with no access to anyone working for them.
First, it didnt come for over a week, even though i have prime. Second, shot about 10 times and then quit working.
Kept in sunlight for three full days and never worked.
False advertising. This is not a floor mat. This is a giant mouse pad. Wish I would have read the reviews. I'm so disappointed.
Do not buy this product, works decent enough but the software is terrible, there is no customer support, and if you forget your password, they are basically useless. There are many better options on the market.
No stars. I barely had this year. Went to set it up this year and it does not work at all. Both blowups that I purchased from this company have been crappy and they are not cheap. Now this is no way to contact the seller?
I had no problem when I bought the same plant before from them so this time I ordered 3 more. 2 we're gifts and one for me. Hopefully the gifts looked better than mine. Mine has some sort of holes in the trunk. I don't know why. The top is turning yellow and slowly looking worse. The holes remind me of when you are pealing a potato and it has the bad spot so you dig it out with the peeler. That's what they look like. I wrote to the company and complained and got no response at all. I already replanted it in a expensive ceramic larger pot and it looks aweful. I am really disappointed and hope the other ones didn't look like this!
Open the box to find the plastic at the bottom of one of the bags shattered and useless. I figure these things happen and ill just return it for another. NOPE... They don't take return or exchanges for any reason what so ever. That some pretty shady stuff right there. I am upset with you amazon, how could you let something like this happen?
I did not receive my liner with this product :( Other than that its a good product.
Quantity ordered was 3 and I only received 1. Please send the other 2 blades or refund for the additional 2 blades.
Very disappointed came with broken leg.
The white lights stopped working on the third night.
My husband bought this for my Birthday the end of January. By mid-March we had already had one light go out. The lights are hard to position over multiple plants or seedling.
Two bags leaked as soon as I went to fill them. The company is being less than helpful and make it difficult to get replacements. I won't go through the hassle of boxing up trash. I feel as if they don't believe me. Amazon has been less than helpful as well. Do yourself a favor and buy better ones
Called the company multiple times, left voicemail and have yet to even get to talk to someone, plants came dead, horribly water logged,
Normally I buy thistle from Walmart but they were out of stock for a few weeks so I ordered this product. I use socks and finches in my yard typically devour thistle like crazy until I bought this product. Cleaned socks and refilled and also tried using in a flat bird feeder and they still would not eat it. Once Walmart obtained inventory I bought it, dumped the Pennington seed and replaced with Walmart product. Birds are again happy feeders Pennington seed now in garbage.
I did not receive the product plus I did not receive my money back.
One of the Gas Hose Connector broke apart and fell off after less than 4 months of light use. Very disappointing!
It was a piece of junk that fell apart in the wind. I wasted time and money in this trash.
I did not receive the product and I did not have any information.
Look elsewhere - this thing is a piece of junk. Handle heats easily and bends due to cheap plastic. Bristles seem sturdy but quickly lose shape. Size doesn't make any sense for cleaning a grill. Maybe that's be good for scraping-up old paint, but that's about it...
One of the plug made a terrible sound. The rest stop working after a week.
it does not stay attached to the pool
started out fine but then started tripping fuse
I never received this item, very unprofessional.
Shipping was late box came open and missing pieces. Very bad experience. Came dirty and a stain on umbrella, not balanced at all so if you dont get weights it will not stand at all.
I never got my order
This gazebo lasted us 30 days before wind claimed it. This gazebo is not a solid structure which you can tell by price so we expected it to be okay. We didn't expect it to collapse a month later with signs of rust at elbows. I submitted a claim with the manufacturer for a refund and that's where things got interesting. For a while a representative was staying in touch with me collecting needed information for the claim with the 2-3 days expectation for review. Four weeks later I reached out for an update and received no response. Soon after that new representative contacted me and started collecting the same intake information again. At this point I am talking to two individuals claiming to be employed by Sunjoy. One finally responded that my refund has been issued and all they need is my home address. The other continues to reach out for more and more information. Rest assured, 7 weeks later I have not received any refunds or clarity as to what is going on to this day. $300 went to waste:-\
Our last flag had gotten so ratty that we couldn't stand to fly it anymore, so I ordered this one. When we received our order, it seemed a little fragile in nature and after our first wind storm I was right. It looked about like our previous flag after a very short time of use. Well, you live and learn. God bless America.
Was excited to open the Dark Green Half Umbrella today when I received it because it was going to be a sun/rain cover for our outdoor griddle for when we are grilling on it. Color looked good. Unfortunately, upon opening the box, I found a rod that was completely snapped off, the crank casing had some stress areas and the sticker on the crank was damaged and falling off... I couldn't even bother trying to open it up to see the fabric or make a comment on that. I contacted the company directly as requesting on the paper insert so we'll see how the customer service is... One star for now... Maybe more later?
Purchased this hoping I'd see improvement in size and yield WHICH I DIDNT. Get something like big bud if you really wanna see a difference. I've noticed that all of General hydroponics are inferior to most other hydroponic nutrients. Find a better brand. And I'm not a newbie. 15 year vet here
One of the strings of lights broke in less than a month...
Located in a very buggy area in Florida. First use, we set it up in a closed garage that has a large mosquito population from local waterways. Upon initial power on, the light and fan seemed to function correctly. After 24 hours of running, the light and fan were still functioning correctly, and it had caught/trapped ONE bug (a mosquito). The mosquito population was still swarming. Reread the directions and confirmed we had used properly. Ran it again during a swampy, buggy time for roughly 72 hours and it caught ZERO bugs. Bought this as a lightning deal, but it was an absolute waste of money.
"Turf" was very stiff. My dog wouldn't even stand on it.
I never received the product. I orderd it again hoping it will work
Unit worked well for 18 hrs. Plugged it in and it lit up.... next morning bulb was out.. in the process of working with DynaTrap customer service
Quality is not seen on this product.The item was not reliable at all, I must spend a lot of energy if need to use it, this product was not worth my time..
Did not work at all infact mole holes created around the devices! Our mole was not phased or afraid at bit!
This product did not perform for us. Hung up 4 traps and captured nothing.
The item was bent out of shape. Is not round anymore. The packaging is not strong enough to protect it.
Arrived broken in a box with other items and absolutely no padding. I contacted the seller three times with my order number; the first time my message was directed to the wrong seller; the second and third times with no answer.
Gets Clogged real easy a bit on the small side if you have figured debris in your pool like leaves wouldn't recommend it
Received mine dying. Definitely not worth it. Will never gonna try getting plants again online!
Sadly, I purchased thinking it was authentic. When I received it I noticed it was just stuck inside a plastic bag, no box. Then I realized it was not actually sold by Big Green Egg. I purchased another authentic gasket from a local store, and didn't pay much more for it. Comparing the two, the gasket sold by Amazon was much thinner. I reported the issue wth Amazon, return it, and received a refund. I am shocked to see that this has not been clarified.
It is just a rechargeable LED lantern, does not work at all as a bug zapper...
Not so lucky this time. Purchased a set for my sister who loved them and her box is not working at all . How embarrassing.
returned. NOT weatherproof by any means
I never received my thermometer probe. So I can't review.
Came so dead there wasn't any saving it.
This has no effect on mosquitoes in central CA
Installed this on my pull and 35 days later all it will do is read high salt and flash warning lights. Had water tested and salt is fine. This was a waste of money
Bought this product to scare the pigeons from my roof but it didn't do anything. Pigeons are still there and the head of the owl doesnt really spin. Would not recommend this product to anyone.
Do not buy this table. Mine arrived with lots of small cracks and chips that were only obvious once I built it. In addition, when it rains, a thick sheen of water accumulates on the surface. It's enough to soak a big towel. A request to resolve the matter went unanswered. After Amazon intervened, they asked to have it shipped back, but that would cost as much as what I paid for the table because it is heavy. I would stay away from making purchases from this vendor altogether. They have shown no interest in resolving this.
I never received this item. Even tho it's marked as delivered. Long wait for nothing.
Produce pieces did not match up. Asked for new product, they said they sent but it never left the warehouse. Asked for refund, they subtracted shipping which was substantial, had to make Amazon cover the shipping costs. Customer service for this company is only available in the middle of the night. Not worth the few dollars saving. Ordered off Josh and Main.
Crap! It zapped 3 flies and is now cooked. Dont work No more! Another junk product on here!
Could not get the seeds to grow.
This did not provide a fog. It sprayed out like hornet wasp spray. Useless
Never sprouted. We got one which died after a week.
These were advertised as 3 inch pots. They were barely 2.5 in pots. Not what I wanted.
The lights never came on.
Didn't work and stopped operating after just a few months. Waste of money.
The concept is nice but they don't stick and the seller sent white instead of soft white lights.
Was not water proof and held pockets of water, poor design.
Awful instructions. Leaked from the outset. Poor product support.
Sketchy delivery date and product shipping
The statue arrived broken ☹️
Hose busted during second use. Second one that has busted. Spend a few dollars more and get a better hose.
Ordered two sets. One worked for a day the other flickered on and off for a few days then stopped. They are in a spot with full sun. Disappointing !
We have been using the bromine tabs from Walmart for years. I put 6-8 in the float for our tub and hey last about a week. These tabs were in the float for 2 weeks and showed no sign of dissolving. We had to change the water twice to get the tub clean again. I guess if you have a float that holds 2 dozen tabs they might work, not practical for a tub.
The birdhouse is litterly falling apart ... not meant for outside weather. House wrens have moved in and I'm trying very hard to hold the house together. Bag clips are holding the floor on. I stapled the roof back on, but as you can see it still wants to come home. A sign came off the front. I tied a green plastic tape to hold the hold house together; and hope it doesn't fall completely apart before the birds move out. See what the new house looks like before the weather did it's damage.
Product never arrived, and the company didn't respond to repeated messages. Amazon refunded me.
Product is light gray, not black like shown in the picture
I got this product line because I was a noob. I am no longer a noob, so I use other way more cost effective solutions.
The plant caddy is fairly easy to assemble. The unit is made of cheap plastic. The wheels are easy to assemble and rolls well on a flat surface but not on a rocky patio. The caddy buckles under a heavy pot filled with soil and the pull out tray is hard to pull causing water to spill all over the floor each time. The joints that hold the wheels are flimsy, one popped out and buckled causing the pot the tip over. Disappointed.
Sprayed the living hell out of a bug and it's still living. Another mf ugly mutant roach managed to scurry across the barrier too! Not good
Worst hose ever. Broke within 5 minutes of first using it. I should have read the reviews. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!
very disappointed that it only lasted a year - then it stopped working.
Missing the tire swing. No one will respond to my issue.
only worked once then fell apart, all the fittings are just too difficult to disconnect, and a part has split down the middle on the inside, this item is shockingly made and has been just a waste of money.....DO NOT BUY TERRIBLE PRODUCT!!!
During charging the battery exploded, luckily no one was hurt but it destroyed portion of the carpet. It can burn the whole place.
A screw came off the assembly and made contact with the chain. Broke most of the teeth on the chain. I filed a return.
This is a piece of crap have only had a week and there's no more motion I don't write reviews but this is straight garbage I will be returning this. Don't waste your money on this one. I would give it no stars if I could. Very disappointed
I only used three times, and it`s broken now!!
Item never arrived. States delivered but never received it.
Followed directions and it has made ZERO difference in my pool. This product is a waste of money.
I trashed them. Too tiny for anything
Rather flimsy and not sturdy.
using it currently for wine bottle decorated and illuminated!!!
Had this for 3 months and it doesn't light up anymore
Package was delivered opened with no product would like another set shipped or money returned
Only received the spray applicator! Did not receive the product!! Please advise!!
Only part of the lights worke.
All meal worms were dead when they arrived
The stupid thing doesn't work. Waist of money
2 of the lights not working purchased in August thought they would last longer than 3 months
This product doesn't work . It's not worth the money at all is to expensive for a product that doesn't work. I wouldn't recommend it at all
Did not work out of the box very disappointed was sons Christmas gift.
The product did not work for my hummingbird feeder. The transaction was good, but was not satisfied with the product
You're better off wrapping your hose in aluminum foil. You will save some money and it will look the same and might actually be more durable than this hose.
They don't grip food well at all. They also get got instantly when using over a charcoal grill the expansion makes them almost inoperable because they stiffen up.
Owned for 6 months. Very light use, stored in doors, never dropped/mishandled. Just quit working. My advice is to skip the "good deal" and spend the money on name brand.
Never received item and still haven't heard back from seller.. I've messaged twice.
On a day when we had 25 mile an hour wind gusts, the flagpole completely bent.
Last night, I set out all eight traps using peanut butter as bait. Tonight the results are in: 8 traps triggered, 0 critters caught. That's right, 0% effective. Unless you like providing safe haven for mice to snack, look elsewhere. These traps were a complete waste of time and money.
Doesn't work lol I got bites all over me using one each arm and leg lol
Cover was defective: Material had a large rip, straight out of the packaging.
Received my light today. Not happy at all. Advertised that it had 3 fans, they actually bragged that it had 3 while everyone else only has 2 fans... it does have 3 fans but only 2 of them work. Light will overheat on the very first grow with only 2. Uploading video to prove my claim.
This set is absolutely awful and when we opened the box there was already a rip and one of the shakers had come undone from the attachement to the case - which was ripped ! Terrible product
Pointless purchase. The locking mechanism locks with every closure of the blades. I have to release the lock with every clip. Waste of good money.
Not the size I thought. But will keep for any future plants
I used two pods at the beginning of the summer and they bloomed beautifully, all summer long. However, the last 4 that I've put into the unit, did nothing. Not even a bud.
It doesn't work. You get what you pay for......a cheap light.
Does not help with the mosquitoes at all, some even get out once caught!!
If this product is supposed to have sticky paper ... Mine didn't have any ... 😝
I swear, I've had to buy 4 of these pumps now and they NEVER last. Average life span is 6 months before the motor burns out. This is with changing filters responsibly, unplugging it when not in use, etc. Moving forward I'm getting the protection plan since they never last!
Melted, when put in the candles
Not made for zero gravity chairs at all.
Did not realize that you needed a hose attachment which I did not have so I had to return the product
Very thin, not worth it. I was very disappointed with this item.
I just opened this product and there are only three light bulbs -- not four. And there is a white dust in the pocket where the fourth light bulb should be. Did it break and someone just removed it? Am I being exposed to broken florescent remains? This was shipped with other Amazon items in an undamaged box. The bulb had to have been removed before shipping. This may be a quality control issue.
Disappointed. These did not come with the bolts and nuts although description said so and I paid for them. Now will have to spend additional money for them.
It worked nicely for 2 weeks then stopped working. I've tried to reset it repeatedly but had no luck.
I plugged this in and it didn't work. Instructions and help included is minimal. So disappointed.
It worked for about 2 minutes and all the sudden stopped. I was 2 days outside of my Amazon return time frame
The bottle was unsealed in the package, nozzle and top were not screwed on and upon arrival almost all the liquid had spilled out into the plastic packaging. Absolute mess.
Produce never arrived.
May have received wrong seeds. Small orange flowers (not poppy) on ground creeper have started blooming every where mustard flower seeds were planted.
Hose Broke within 3 days of use.
I bought this flag on March 2, 2019. It was FINALLY delivered today. I paid an extra $10.95 for shipping because it says made by a VET. We all know it does not cost $10.95 to ship a 3' x 5' nylon flag, but I wanted to support a VET and Made in America!. When I got it, the package said "CHINA POST". This is the biggest scam. I will not recommend this to anyone and will be returning it.
We bought this product and the first one arrived damaged. We ordered a new one but it had worse damage in the same spot. Neither package appeared to be damaged only the product itself. We will try something different on this item.
flag looked great coming out of the box, it flew great for about a month and the started falling apart, 2 months later and now i need a new flag,,,,,you get what you pay for.
This thing is a great slow cooker. Purchased in November and have used about 10 times in 5 months. No matter what I do I cannot get this thing to smoke. I have tried different chips soaked in water and just dry. Sawdust seems to work the best but unless you add a tablespoon every 15 minutes you cannot get Smoke. I have read that the newer model has a smaller container for your chips and is too far above the burner. I have tried raising the burner and bending the basket down closer to the burner nothing works. 5 months in and I'm about to put on the curb with a sign that says free slow cooker
I love the brand, my brother has one, and i thought this was great... good brand, well known and the smaller units must not be made to the same standards.
I bought this umbrella almost a week ago due to raining the whole week never get to put it on, And I set it up today left it on sunlight like all day found out that LED lights not working the solar panel is not working I would never buy this product again. I think, I wasted my money.
Works great. Nice to get all in a package deal. Will buy again
We STILL have mice months later.
The seed got moldy and mildew, had to be discarded.
Terrible product. With this installed, my bike barley had the power to move without pedaling. I tried both jets it came with and neither were any good. I tried full choke and no choke and the bike was weak both ways. It was still getting air and gas, and my throttle cable was hooked up correctly, and the bike still had no power. the stock has 10 times the power of this carb and that's what I'm using right now, I have returned this carb and gotten a refund.
It got clogged up all the water spilled out it almost kill all my fishes
Upon receiving this product, there was no winterizing pill in the package. It was an EMPTY PACKAGE.
Never got it. Had to cancel order.
18 days in the tilt hinge gives way.... Waiting to see how this is resolved.
The tie cable to keep this on the pool is atleast 8 feet to short to reach the ratchet to tighten it. Basically worthless at this point, definitely won't stay on for the winter.
Didn't last long before the spray became erratic as if nozzles are plugged. Tried to clean without success. Easy to use, puts out a good spray over a large area. Easy to limit the arc of the spray. Note: a metal base will have some benefits, and a multi-directional controller for the spray will have benefits, but this works as described and was priced fairly for what it's designed to do.
Wrong pool delivered.
Did not fit my Stihl. Had to purchase another one, and too late to return.
half the lights failed within 3 weeks, the other half failed within 5 weeks
Put it on my Remington weed whip, now I can't get it to start, spark plug does not fit.
Bought product to try to chase moles away. Didn't seem to make a difference.
Very difficult to put together, directions were too basic- not details offered. Pictures were too small- there were so many parts that were unclear. We spent 10 hours on it today, and this is with an experienced builder. We still have the roof and door to do tomorrow. Unfortunately, the roof doesn't line up with the holes provided. We had to make holes for over the door- a small drill bit was provided, but broke before we finished using it. It is also very disconcerting that there is no help line, no one to call, no phone number provided. Save your money and hire someone to build a garden storage unit. This was a really bad experience. We bought it through Amazon, and they should provide help too!
Item states it has lifetime warranty. Item defective and failed (see other complaints in ratings) company will not honor warranty. Amazon "A-Z Guarantee" only good for 90 days so actually useless in this matter.
Worked 45 days and died. Asked for a replacement or a refund. Told it was outside of return period. I see no return period listed. Amazon is not able to do anything because of 3rd party SELLER item. I was ripped off. DO NOT BUY FROM BIG D DISCOUNT!!!!!!
These are the worst stands I have ever had. Wheels don't work and umbrella falls over in it. There a is a short return window because they know it is terrible quality. Don't buy!!!
Did not work after 31 days-waste of money
Alot of seeds didn't grow and the ones that did died after a week.
This product took two months to arrive and doesn't even work. It's completely ineffective and doesn't do anything at all.
My mistake I realized too late. Overpriced considering the number of lights. Paltry color, sort of orange instead of red.
Should have known how weak it would be but really. Good for taking flowers out of a vase and grinding them. To get any light yard waste into, you have to cut so much you should just finish up with shears.
I never got my item.
I did just as the instructions said to do, and it didn't catch ANTHING but dust.
Did not care for the provider they only sent me one topsy-turvy not 2 Try to get satisfaction did not get any first time I've ever had a problem with an Amazon product or provider
Like other reviewers have said, this product is NOT what is pictured here. Very disappointed. There is a distinct difference in how the two products work.
Hardly works, if it works then the light is so little, you can hardly see it. By the time it is dark it is off already. Wasted money for me.
seeds never came, seller said they would send more but never got those either. These are cheap, but really wanted borage for pollinators.
Every time you squeeze the handle the hose shrinks down so you have to pull and hold the hose if you are going to continuously use it. Or you can let the pressure build up and use it in short bursts. The pressure is very low. Cheap materials were used in making this. Also leaks from the water spout after it's turned off.
Day #1 and one tire broke! I would at least like to know if there is a possibility of ordering spare ones. All the rest is fine, but really I can't understand that it's sold as heavy duty and it breaks on the first ride, just carrying beach stuff
Used it for a week. We still have mosquitos, and it killed none. It did kill one fly.
Half of these lights arrived broken or so mis-assembled as to be unusable and of the usable ones half failed inside of six months.
The seeds are duds. Do not order from this seller.
put on my car back window and noticed corners and edges did not stay down too well. did not think too much about it looked at sticker a day ago and looks as if water penetrated under sticker and discolored it. had to take it off looks terrible. guess it supposed to be on a bumper or window that does not get wet.....
Product says Kevlar, but it was just rubber. We broke 2 in the same day, and cancelled the delivery of the 3rd one.
This is false advertisement! Even though I ordered these just to see what actually would arrive and kind of as a joke-I knew the picture is not what would EVER be grown so dont waste your money. You will simply be sent zucchini seeds which can be purchased MUCH cheaper & arrive MUCH sooner!
Light flickers when the wire is being touched or tapped.
We tried to fix a pinhole in our inflatable hot tub with this, but it didn't work.
Piece of garbage. Have barely used it and it now shows damaged on the charger. Never buy an off brand again!!
I purchased this heater kit last year and it worked fine last summer. When I opened my pool this year and hooked up my heater one of the panels began leaking, given it was a 1 year warranty I am screwed. Not the best situation.
Dont bother 30 bucks to ship a 1 pound bag of molded seeds and no returns
Aren't much bigger than a golf ball so they don't hold a lot of water. Didn't work as well as I thought they would.
Poor quality. Broke the same day. Do not recommend
Not sure how this Product works. This is because it didn't come with mounting hardware, and the threads are not a standard size. I'm still looking for nut to fit the tight threads. Seriously, how hard would it have been to include plastic washers and nuts?
Hi , There was an error- I ordered a 12 pack of poultry nipples from Lonesome Pine trading company. There were only six in the package, although labeled as a twelve pack. Please send the remaining Six nipples. Thank you, Dean Newton
Never received the product
Might work for dog dish ?? (or poultry) not 5 gal buckets.
Stopped working after one year! You
good for a few months but did not survive the winter. Every Metal joint broke down within the first 6 to 8 months.
If I could leave a 0 star I would. Two day shipping? Ordered June 15th received August 29th. No communication about delays.
Plant is very small. Gave it best possible care but plant was weakly. Not good specimen.
Product poorly packaged and arrived with the attaching end crushed, Package was rectangular cardboard with no structure to protect product during shipping.
Product would worked for less than 1 min, then you had to turn it off wait and then turn it on again for another min. Spent a about an hour with it, returned it, done waste of time and money.
This was great for our car until we had a storm and one of the metal poles snapped in half. I don't know how this happened but thank God our car wasn't damaged. This sucks because we needed it badly.
Looks good but I've had mine only a few weeks and it has already begun to tear at the end tips around the perimeter of the umbrella. Not happy at all right now.
We just used this set for the first time. The handles detached from 2 or the skewers. One skewer started bubbling glue which fell onto my husbands foot and burned him.
Leaked fuel the moment fuel was introduced....straight to the landfill
One of the brushes on the side was broken off when it arrived. It is made of wood and was split in half along the wood grain. Wood is a great material but just not for this application. It should have been made of nylon or some other composite. I would never recommend this product.
died in less than 90 days !!
advertised a "FOAM" ....which I use all the time. NOT Foam...returned.
My Philly rat laughed at these traps as he ate the peanut butter out of them. Poison worked ☠️
I didn't receive this item!
I installed all 4 of these around my house per the instructions. They all buzz as they should. Apparently MY gophers are immune.
Not sure what happened, but we put the food out in our feeder. For awhile, the usual finches, morning doves, cardinals came to the feeder but the traffic dwindled off and they finally just stopped coming. We have over a half of the feeder full of seed and it will be thrown out. We still have a lot of the bag left and that is junk also. Again, the seed appears okay but an active feeder went dead when we put this feed in it.
Last a long time; MANY came apart when taking them out of charger after charging. Just cam apart. No way to put them back together 😤
On first use they set fine. However they false trigger often. After about 1 month they won't set at all.
Cheap not as pictured.
I had high hopes for these lights but they really didn't work the bugs just flew around them and even landed on them.
Used it once. Charged it up FULLY took off for camping, by the time we got there it was at half charge and wouldn't even charge my phone. Didn't hold a charge, can't get it to power on. Never got it to work once and no response from seller.
I was so excited to receive this product. I charged it 24 hours and was ready to trim a 6 foot wide, very thin hedge. Within the first minute it stopped working. Tried charging it and nothing works. Very disappointed in the quality.
We ordered this and it has caused our pool to get algae. It's not filtering our water and when we went to set return it was no longer available. I would not purchase from this provider again.
Over the past 10 years, this might be my first 1-star review of an Amazon seller. I wish I could give it less. Awful customer service. Had to file a claim with Amazon, who, fortunately, is working to assist and make it right. TL; DR: Seller sent a COMPLETELY different item than ordered, the tried to charge me to package/send said 7-8 foot item back to them in order to get a refund. My shipping/packing charges would have been over the price of the original item I ordered. My order: a small, 3-piece patio bistro foldable furniture set. What arrived: a 7-8 foot giant rocking outdoor swing of some kind. Incredibly heavy. 1) I contacted customer service to alert them of the mistakenly shipped item. 2) After months of communicating with their customer service team, requesting my original order, it still never came. 3) I contacted Amazon for help, as the seller refused to cooperate and provide a solution (i.e. a refund, my original order, or means of shipping the incorrect product back at no cost to me.) Worth noting - the packaging the original item arrived in was completely damaged and unusable (leaving scratches and bangs on the incorrect item as well). Best Choice Products customer service team is continuing to ask me to mail the item back (which would involve me purchasing the packing materials for a 7-8 foot item, and paying someone to take it to UPS, as I can't lift this item or fit it in my vehicle). Their solution? Customer service replied with "see if your friends can give you some free boxes or help you move it." Their other solution, "You can pay FedEx to pick it up." No, this isn't my responsibility as a customer to pay to fix a mistake on the company's end or to pay more than my original item cost to return their mistake. I strongly caution you against buying anything from this company.
Mat has a dingy grey background not the green as shown in the pictures. Not the look i was going for, disappointing overall.
It was damaged when I received it and it was too small.
The box was pretty beat upon arrival Although Everything looked well packaged when I opened it up. After getting it about 50% assembled I started finding bent pieces but was able to bend them back into place. The further along I got the more problems I was finding ... badly misaligned pieces, cracked metal, misaligned screw holes, bent legs on the mainframe, and rusty cracked welding that doesn't allow me to mount the canopy correctly. The problem is, I didn't realize this until the pergola was about 90% assembled. I finished the assembling somehow but the pergola looks old and you can see a lot of bent, dinged legs or metal frames. It is a lot of time-consuming to unassemble it and sent it back and also I don't have the box to return shipping.
I didn't have an option to put no stars. But these seeds will not grow. Don't waste your money. Wish I would be refunded or get sent a new pack of seeds or something else.... I am very unsatisfied and unhappy.
Bag just bust a seam at bottom. Now it is useless. I had originally written a positive review, but apparently I spoke to soon. Edited it to reflect poor quality of product. Another edit: Seller never replied to my email. Money-back guarantee is a scam.
This netting is very VERY thin and fragile, and there's simply no way to stretch it to the stated dimensions without breaking the plastic weave. In addition, ours came with several large holes that were there before we started handling it. Yes, it's cheap, and the quality and usability reflect the cheap price. After wrestling with this garbage for a few hours, we're going to stuff it in a box and return it for a refund.
Although we had quite a bit of rain this past year, I believe the flagpole rusted far too quickly for our mild Southern California weather (no, I don't live near the ocean). The rusting at the joint on the bottom section caused the entire flagpole to tilt. I took down the pole because I was concerned it would break and either hit my house or a car on the street. Best of luck to whoever buys this (especially if you live somewhere with wet weather).
This product was purchased and installed at the end of Mar this year. Its use is normal residential once a week mowing duties - by June 28 2018 this product was in pieces. Minor wear seen up to this point in that threads became visible and had to be removed in order to prevent snagging but today it peeled apart tearing two chunks out of the belt prior to snapping. Check before and after each use.
The description indicated these were incandescent. What was sent was LED. I'm returning the order.
This item was promised and delivered substantially late. The seller was not apologetic. It was the wrong color. I was very very disappointed. I am required to give a star but it did not deserve even one.
This is not Roselle seeds !!
If there was zero star, I would have given it! This things killed my house plants. The water in the bottle emptied in less then couple days. When I filled it again, Then it got emptied in an hour. Definitely not worth the purchase. I have had my plants for many years and this thing killed my plants in three days!!!
I bought these as a replacement for the OEM blades. That was a mistake. I have now had them on for half the summer. Not only do they not mulch they leaves clumps of grass in my yard. I do not normally leave reviews but I wanted to warn other customers. They installed easily and were delivered on time. DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT MULCHING BLADES.
Wheels fell off after one trip to the beach
Bottom won't attach to glass bowl... Tried Teflon tape no good... My wife trashed box came in... Very dissatisfied..
does not last very long as much as I though it would've , better to use the wax scented melts sold in Wal-mart
It's not the easiest chair to get together. It's even more impossible when you get defective hardware. What kind of quality control is in place to sent a bolt like the one in my picture? The answer is zero. You get what you pay for and this is a trash product. What you get is hex head bolts without the hex head cores cut Update: I went to Home Depot and after 15 minutes of searching the hardware aisle, found a specialty bolt with fine thread that would do the trick. Got home, went to put it in and then found the seat frame was defective too. There's no threaded place drilled on that side for the bolt. I guess I could try and drill all the way through the seat frame, pick a longer bolt and cap it with a washer and nut. But this frame is so small it would be almost impossible to drill it perfectly straight and not completely damage the integrity of the chair. At this point, my best course of action may be to spend another 45 minutes disassembling and repackaging something that is 95% complete, wasting more time taking it to the UPS store, and get my money back. I'll only be out the cost of gas, a new bolt and way too much of my time. But in return I'll be able to at least convey to the rest of Amazon shoppers not to buy this piece of crap or anything by the company that made it.
I received my order today, but unfortunately we received no wrench. Also, like others have stated, instructions were not included.
Cable broke after about 10 uses
Not at all impressed! Died shortly after receiving
Total piece of garbage. Every brand I've tried but this one worked. These do not properly set and made for a frustrating morning.
No stars! Did not catch rats. Went back to traditional $4.99 traps and caught rat first day.
The wicker table top is useless as a table top. It is very flimsy and not suitable for placing anything on it.
Super cute but arrived broken...
Dont have mice but didnt have any before.Actually bought for bedbugs but they cant hear.Probably wasted money.
**update** just before I tossed these in the trash I decided to take out the batteries for recycling and there was this fizzy bubbly liquid. No idea how/why this happened, but I'd definitely say don't bother with buying these! **I hung these up and they were pretty for about 2 days. They go through batteries like crazy Even when I had them on a timer! I would understand if I had them on all day, but I didn't. Also, the remote hardly every works so I have to manually turn them on with the top button that you have to click a bunch of times to get the right setting. Overall, they are just a nuisance. I got the battery operated bc I have rabbits that could chew the chords, but this just wasn't worth it. I'm so surprised how many batteries I went through. Not worth it at all! Trash now.
You fall of with it it's not stable at all. Sometimes I fell like amazon is selling all the crap that doesn't make it in Walmart couse at least they try it before.
No Stars! Stear clear of this product! Bought two strands from the same company and both were PURE GARBAGE! DID NOT EVEN LIGHT UP EVERY BULB, AND THE ONES THAT DID!??? MOST PATHETIC SICKLY FLICKERING LIGHT CAME OUT OF BULBS!! Biggest regret is that my return window closed because I took so long to check them out (put batteries in) and see how they were. What a scam! SHAME ON YOUR QUALITY CONTROL! Previous reviews on this product put confidence in me that it would be fine if I didn't inspect imediately... never again. HORRENDOUS. UNTRUSTWORTHY PRODUCT. DO.NOT.BUY.
Does not fit cub cadet XT1 and does not match pictures in listing.
Needed to lock tight the bolts
These filters are trash. I used them for 10 days and when i opened the filter to clean them all four were sucked in and no longer cylinders. The wire mesh on the inside was rusty and did not hold the filters together. Terrible design. The other filters i have previously bought were plastic mesh on the inside which have held up great. Do not buy these filters.
I had such high hopes for this product, but was so disappointed! No matter how I adjusted the spout, the water either didn't come out at all or came out too fast. I used three different tests: the bottle it came with, a Dasani water bottle, and a Poland spring bottle. I left it at a slow drip for one hour and when I returned, the whole bottle was empty. Don't waste your money on this one. Very cheaply made.
Cannot see the sidewalk.
total waste of money - these rocks don't glow even a little bit. This might be a total scam - these may simply be aqua colored pieces of plastic. They CERTAINLY don't show any sign of acting like solar anythings - all day in bright sun leaves them absolutely dark and invisible when the sun goes down. I'd return them for a refund but it's not worth our time scooping them all up one by one.
Very disappointed in these watering spikes, particularly since I searched and searched for what I thought would be the best product. Out of 12, only one worked at all.
Thought I had been bitten by bed bugs but found out it was fleas.
Do not buy this product, we used it just as the instructions say and it filled up with water!
As soon as the sun hit it and it got hot, started leaking like a sieve. Was purchased so the water could be left on all the time and a shut-off valve used on the male connector. Useless for that purpose.
I didn't need the bolt and the shaft adapter did not fit my mower. Thought I did enough research, guess not. The spring washer got me up and running for now.
Game of Clue: What does fertilizer and this soap have in common?
Seller was fine and responsive. Purchased stainless steel thinking it would outlast some of the big box solar yard lights and I didn't mind paying more for durability. One failed within the first month and seller honored by refunding me the single unit cost, since the package is sold as a quantity of 8. It has been a few more months and only 3 of the 8 are still working. Water stands in the receptacle holding the solar cells and corrodes everything. The stainless steel showed rust in less than 2 months. I would not recommend these lights. Look nice first few weeks, then they are trash.
I followed the directions and this item did not catch 1 fruit fly, not one, and it was out for a week! What a waste!
I finally received my seeds. I planted then. Not a single one is red. Cardinal flower is red. So I didn't receive what I ordered.
I planted two plants at two different times (for a total of four plants). The plants grew, but NO TOMATOES. NONE. EVER. I don't think it's a coincidence, since I see that it happened with others as well. Not even a shadow of a tomato. Never again.
Product arrived earlier than scheduled but upon removing from the box I noticed it was so so flimsy. Looked as if it hadn't been completely assembled prior to shipping. Most screws were hanging loosely and there were loose washers and nuts that had fallen off in the bottom of the box! While trying to unfold the shelf I noticed my hands were covered in black dirt, I took a paper towel and wiped the shelf and it was covered in black soot like film! The entire unit was covered in stain like residue! Trying not to stain the carpet I put it right back in the box to return. So so disappointed in such a poorly made and delivered product. See attached pictures.
DO NOT BUY CHEAP AND IS BROKEN
I am very disappointed with this product. Wish I had read the reviews before purchasing. The size was not nearly 25 x 50 which was only discovered after trying to cover a 24 x 48 barn.
I put one in each of the 6 trees I have in my front yard and I have mole hills in each area. I just don't know what to do with these moles, but these did not appear to help at all. Maybe it called them over?
Planted these seeds & nothing.. I was appreciative of the extra mint seeds they sent, but I had NO luck w/any of them
Does not work. :( I was really excited to try it, but it doesn't work.
This is not the item I received.
Very flemsy and hard to handle eith so much weight in bag. Material is good quality but definitely needs harder walls.
Like some other reviewers I liked the fact that this was made in the USA and was willing to pay more. I bought two and they've both sprung leaks. One is about 8 months old the other is 3 months old. I wish it had been made in China so that at least I could continue to dig on their poor quality products.
Less than a month and they no longer work. Save your money.
Used this tent one time and it leaked in the rain, very disappointed
Not enough velocity to blow leaves in my yard. I had to spend 50% more time than my gas powered blower
Device does not work, only the light works. Bug zap worked one time after tapping on the lid. This is a piece of junk.
A NEW UPDATE - THIS COMPANY IS HARASSING ME TO DROP THIS REVIEW. THEY WON'T REFUND ME MORE THAN HALF OF WHAT I PAID, BUT THEY KEEP CONTACTING ME DESPITE THE FACT I'VE ASKED THEM TO STOP. I loved this umbrella when it arrived. Sturdy and beautiful color. The coffee color is now a dirty ugly khaki faded olive green. Nothing close to the original color and it looks awful. THE SOLAR LIGHTS WORKED FOR A MONTH. Don't waste your money. Didn't even make it through the summer.
Never received order. Seller was contacted and never resent.
It already split and has leaks in it. Poor quality. Sad I missed the return window by a couple days.
Very bad device, the flash light stops to work the first day , and the second day passed it the same thing with the infrared light.
Couldn't use in our pool - cover kept coming off and inserts to keep cover on broke. It's very very small.
Upon receipt, I stored the product in a cabinet unused. Went to pull it out this AM, and it had leaked all over the shelf...a mess. Now I'm unable to return it.
Specs of gaskets are identical to military poly cans but once fuel is introduce to them they soften and start to cup/ warp. I would put zero stars if I could.
Doesn't work well with big bottles
This product arrived in a OEM box with correct labeling, however it's not a genuine part. It even has the yellow part number print. In the pics, the item on the left is what arrived - the right is the original. No metal mesh, the female end is completely different and this filter is significantly lighter in weight indicating the filter is of lesser quality material. Returned for a complete waste of time.
Seeds never sprouted, followed directions. Not new to planting seeds I do it every year. Very dissapointing.
Not working at all, There is no effect
Despite some of the poor reviews, I decided to go ahead and give these a shot. I regret doing that. They jam up and get full of dirt easily. The bulb in the picture actually still has water in it due to the fact that it's backed up, not because of the design. I am just barely outside of my return window and wish I could return these now.
Stopped working after 2 days SMH
Rings are made of cheap plastic that broke shortly after we put flag up. Pole is good but rings are terrible. Now we have to go and buy metal rings!!
I used this for a 90 gallon fish tank. After I changed my previous filter media with this one the water became cloudy, and still, after 2 days is cloudy. I have cut to fit 6 pieces and placed them in my filter now. Waiting for new filter media from amazon now.
These do not work at all. I had 3 people wearing them around the table and there were still mosquitoes biting our arms. Don't waste your money.
Delivered late. Product broken bad bad experience. No recommended
I can't give a very good review for this pro plugger. It may be because I haven't figured it out yet. The dirt is hard to get out and it is too small for anything I have wanted to plant.
I ordered this 3 separate times. The first bottle arrived perfect. The 2nd & 3rd time I ordered it, it arrived empty of all of its contents! I'm sad because I really liked this product.
Completely useless. I have another trap made of different materials that works very effectively. These have caught none at all. I suspect the bees are far less interested in the pine these are made of than in the other wood around.
Total Junk. The debris just goes under the net and spreads the leaves everywhere. I had the thing two days and noticed a large tear. I cannot believe I paid 50.00 for this CRAP.
Bought this item and wasn't what I needed. When I tried to return it, I was denied. Was never made aware that this is a non refundable/returnable item.
Didn't last 2 months. The nozzle broke after 3 weeks, and the hose made it 2 months. Used it for 20 mins every other day, making sure to completely drain it after every use. The plastic fitting gave way and the internal hose came loose, making it impossible to fix.
Did not look like pic
We put a new battery in the trimmer. Took it outside to cut a few blades of grass and the part that holds the trimming string fell out as soon as we turned it on. We repeated this process at least half a dozen times. The part fell out each time. We are very unhappy with this trimmer.
Never got them due to having some kind of permit to pass through the border
Of course this broke on the day after the deadline to return...Didn't even last a month....
Cheap plastic sign. Not as described.
Do not purchase if your using the clamps for six inch flex duct. The clamps are too small.
If you think you're getting a pool cleaner where you can just let it run to keep your pool constantly clean- FORGET IT! You have to baby sit this thing. It constantly gets stuck in corners, it runs around on its side for hours-picking up nothing, it sucks up it's tail into the debris bag, and makes you think the return on your filter isn't working correctly. You'll be playing with the return valves on your filter to adjust pressure until you're at wits end- hoping something will work! You're going to spend time on the phone with Polaris looking for answers, you're going to Google repeatedly looking for answers, and you're going to watch YouTube video solutions until you're green in the gills. NOTHING WORKS! LOOK FOR ANOTHER CLEANER!
Washer seems to cycle from high pressure to regular water spray as I use it I can hear it cycling up and down as I use it is that normal I don't get a consistent pressure spray
I ordered two of these. One seems to work. The other one has never worked. It won't even turn on!! Where's my refund?
Made of plastic. Very difficult to use because they are too flimsy.
Screws didnt line up. Huge pain in the a$$ to put together. Not level. Probably just going to toss, it would be more of a pain to disassemble and return.
The cover came in torn on the seam. I thought it was going to be heavy duty. It is very flimsy .
product does not work for me squirrels walk right in front of it and still are destroying my lawn. Vendor kindly provided a full refund
Never got product but did get refund.
Gas spills easily from under lid. Three of us tried using it to verify, open/close lid again and every time it leaked. This is explicitly claimed as "no-spill". We were careful from beginning: (1) filled gas at gas station and verified that no single drop spilled while filling, (2) came home and tried to pour slowly into generator... started slow leaking from under lid. We were scared. Though generator was off... it was leaking few drops where generator usually is. So, we moved 15 ft away and filled into a tall glass and noticed the leak again. We cleaned up carefully, moved further and now, other friends tried... same result. Open/close lid, check twice, try again, same result. We figured this is unusable... Gas leak is Hazardous... fumes themselves are highly flammable. Guess what, returns not accepted on this product because... Gas cans shipping has certain constraints. It is not as simple as put in same box and ship. Safety, liability constraints makes returns more expensive than product itself. When Amazon was not allowing returns online, I could not figure why there is a no-return policy - I thought $ 35+ gone down the drain. However, when I chatted with Amazon.com support - they were understanding and helpful. They explained why shipping is complicated... advised me not to return product, but issued refund.
All mine ended up getting water inside and broke pretty quickly wouldn't really recommend them.
Product never arrived...Waited over six weeks, then bought elsewhere..
This item never arrived. It's been a month since I ordered this garden flag. Seller did not participate in Amazon package tracking function. Why should I give them even one star in a review when I received nothing for my money? I would be happy to remove this negative review if the flag happens to arrive. Lynda
The unit is very flimsy and it feels like it will break at any moment, I thought it would be more sturdy. you can not sit on this product, it is for looks only. only redeeming quality is the storage space under the lid.
The item has too many bumps on the edges! I don't like that is look ugly. Request a refund
Bought this and hose split after about 26 months told them about it they said they wouldn't honor there warranty and blamed me for the split
Didnt work from day one even in full sun
Does not work. Killed no bugs so after 5 days I sent it back for a refund.
I returned two of these because amazon sent two and he is refunding me less than nine dollars.Ill never deal with them again.
Junk.. Only the light reads correct. Waste of money
My package was received with part of the box opens and one of the long pipe extension was missing . I am unable to use the torch light.
Sorry, it did not work for me.
I bought 2 of these. like many other reviews- mice get in, eat the food, poop, and walk right out. I thought they might be popping the lid open, but I put a log on top and they still escape. I had a similar one that didn't have the clear lid, that thing worked excellent. must be a design flaw in these doors.
The item did not work,. Used it the way the instructions said but did not help with the mosquitos or gnats.
I returned this item. It felt flimsy when I took it out of the box but I thought once it was together it might be sturdier. Nope, this has a big name brand so I thought I would be getting a good quality item; instead it was cheaply made and the lock on the barrel did not work and it was obvious this item was not going to last very long. So I had to take it apart which was extremely difficult and nearly impossible but it had to go back in the box. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT. Shame on Miracle Grow! I really needed a tumbling compost bin so this was very disappointing. AND it did not look like the product in the picture.
I didn't receive the purchase. In some place was lost.
Well the product does not Work!
After two cleanings the unit would not sink to the bottom.
Ordered this item was missing the Armrest tried to return never got back a message from the seller! And Amazon is making it extremely hard to return it or get my missing piece
I've had these long enough to give an educated review. These are terrible. My furniture gets soaked after every storm even though they're fully covered. Also, the covers have started to grow black colored mold on the interior which has me contemplating if they're even safe to use anymore. You're better off leaving your furniture uncovered since they're going to get soaked with these anyway.
2 of them at same price and such a big difference 😮 Why I have 2 of them that's a different story 🤮 This company shouldn't be at Amazon at all Merry X-mas
Cheap, incredibly difficult to extend, and doesn't fit into a standard holder. I doubt it would hold the weight of a flag, but I'll never know because it's unusable.
I don't even want to give this one star, these are not plumeria seeds
After 8 months half of the LEDs stopped working
Very cheaply made compared to orders I've purchased and it didn't even come with pins or bag as it shows in picture. Trickery
I was so excited to receive my package only to find one of my strands of lights doesn't work. Disappointed!
Have you ever seen the garbage cans they smash over each other's heads in professional wresting? Same quality. I wish I'd read the reviews. Also, it's packaged in such a way that once it's out of the box it's never going back in. Cost me 9 dollars at the UPS store for a replacement box to ship it back in. The woman at UPS asked if I wanted it bubble wrapped. I laughed out loud.
I need the chairs that never came to my house.
This is my first negative review on Amazon. I had looked forward to this umbrella, thought it may be cute for the sun. But it came poorly made: entire structure is bent, fabric is frayed, handle appears to be strips of fabric wrapped around cardboard. And to return it we had to pay for shipping.
Had to take it apart and tighten battery worked fine For about a week now dead in the wind I'm disappointed
Very poor quality, very cheap made. Fell apart when I was trying to get it out of the box. Definitely not worth the money, and it wasn't sized big enough to fit my head or my sons either. Would not recommend this to anyone.
A majority of the tablets were broken which caused us to have either really high chlorine levels and to go through tablets faster than normal.
Didn't receive it - was damaged
Useless since there is no English at all on the package.... no instructions in English.
The stitching of the umbrella where the rods meet the cloth has not held up. The second time i used the umbrella this past Sunday when I opened it the one of the rods poked right through the cloth.Will explore returning but it may be too late.
Terrible product. Couldn't even use. It leaks. Husband didn't even want to bother with trying to send it back and said it wasn't even worth the time bothering with sending it back. What a waste of time and money.
These did not fit the 6' tables we had. I double checked the sizing on both the covers and the tables before purchasing and confirmed they matched. Unfortunately, they did not fit, even after two people stretched them as far as they could to get them to wrap around the table. I would return, but Amazon tells me the return window has closed. I do not recommend these.
Took way too long for these seeds to arrive and for only a single one to germinate is even more disappointing! Not worth the $
This product worked for 6 weeks. It than turned on intermittently. It has now failed in less than 2 months. Note that it is limited to one start time per zone.
These shears look great and seem like they are going to be great for the job at hand. WRONG! What I found is the reason for the spare blade is because you will never be able to sharpen these as the blade perfectly meets the saddle and if you start sharpening them you will have a problem. On most shears the two blades pass each other such as on a pair of scissors, however on these the cutting blade presses against a saddle a poor design feature in my mind. You may find this to your liking but I didn't. Also noticed that it really takes a lot more pressure to work these than the ones I was replacing because of ware due to age, but I like the old ones better. And even though they are not as good as they were when they were new, I still prefer using them over these new ones.
the item seemed okay but didn't withstand the minimal wind and is completely broken
Very cheap material I threw it away
I bought 2 canopy's. The Canopy black velcro on one of the leg came off the rivet. Sent an email to sales guys as printer on the box. Sent 2 emails no one has got back to me. This is support gone terribly bad.. such a simple thing and they cannot help. Why do they even print such stuff on their box. Thinking of returning if they don't get back to me.
I received this and the frying pot has a dent and a small whole in it. guess what the geese will come threw and cause a fire. Why would you sale something you know is defective because you already been in the box and tried to re wrap it. I want buy again.
After a year of use the regulator portion failed.Grill is stored in the garage when not in use so not exposed to sun or extreme temperatures.
Never received order. Tracking says delivered Friday . Need now!
Rotted within a week of planting
Did not last more than 7 months
Instructions were very hard to follow and had to go to Lowe's to get screws that were missing! It was packaged horribly. Just thrown in an oversized box. No sort of brake on the wheels so always have to lay flat. Can't prop up on condo room wall for instance. Then the true test! I try to use it to carry light weight items like towels and beach bags and it was a total fail. The product has a bigger hassle trying to wrangle around than anything! I honestly got so aggravated that I never even took it to the beach to use as a chair so I can't review that part of the products functionality. Finally with only a 30 day window to return (ordered on May 1st for a May 18th 10 day vacay) i decided to just leave the piece of crap behind rather than wrangle it back home and try to re-package and return before the deadline. I only gave it one star because 0 stars is not an option 😩
When I put it on for the first time, it broke! Fragile zipper,This was awful!
I would like to be able to rate this product, but I never received it. :(
Cheap material does not fit standard self propelled mower, and tore when I tried to make it fit.
Garbage, burst first near connector, so I fixed it, then a week later it burst right in the middle and flooded the whole garden, terrible and water damage risk, stay away from this company and product.
Seller stated there were cutting directions marked on the rope, just read carefully. Very vague. Advertising says every foot, rope has markings about every 3ft. When we installed and cut per the advertised info, lights ended up about 10 inches short. No instructions included with packaging. Not pleased at all with this purchase. Think I'll wrap them up and send back. Tried to use on my houseboat.
I wish I could give this product no stars it does not work at all and I wish I did not waste my money on it because I am so disappointed
only one clip at top, make sure your flag has a sleeve. didn't seem to mention that in the description.
Arrived broken and in pieces. Packaging was not enough to protect it. Disappointed.
Never received the item
Why would the reviews were unreal? It seemed has difficulty in moving around.
We waited for about 10 weeks for the shipment and they shipped me green beans. They are not Dau Rong or Winged Bean as advertised. I should have trusted these reviews. I cannot believe Amazon does not audit this fake advertising.
The sprayer plastic packaging had been opened prior to shipping. Part of the packaging insert was torn. The plastic packaging had been scotch taped I thought I was buying a new product and not a previous returned product
This item only last for days... we didnt use it everyday so I didn't know until I need it again then it stopped working already...u paid what you got...
Order two different types of potatoes from them in the early spring and still have not received them and it's almost August. Contacted them after the arrival date came and went and said they would resend and still nothing wont order from them again.
This just didn't work, I could have sprayed water and got the same results, very disappointed in this product!
I bought 3 boxes of these, and threw them all away. The lights are the poorest performing solar lights I've ever used. When you put them on steady they just return to flashing... or they completely turn off. It doesn't seem to matter how much sun they absorb...they just don't work. Poor design and quality. I'm very disappointed! I would have returned them; unfortunately I ordered them months ago and waited till now to put them in my yard. I would not recommend these lights. I wasted over $30.00 on them.
Had great expectations for this product as we like to use organic products. Was very disappointed as it did not work in helping eliminate ticks.
nor worth buying. did not have one stink bug go into it.
The plastic hub on top split in half in the wind two days after I installed it. I cannot return it, as all of the spokes fell overboard. At this price, the seller should stand by the product. Amazon does not offer a return on this purchase.
The signs are great except for the fact that I ordered two sets- and one set said home for sale- not open house. Kind of important that a sign says what you ordered it to say. Wtf?
Followed direction to a tee and seed pods did not grow. Tried calling customer care several times waited 35 minutes to 40 minutes on hold no one ever picked up.
Seller shipped a pre-opened and destroyed boxed item. The box the boxed item was shipped in was in near perfect condition, so the seller sent an item with extra tape to hold the box together. Additionally, the item was dented, bent, and scratched up. It would not fold open and the pieces fit into place without manipulation. I am very upset that the seller thought this was ok to sell as new!
It did not work. Tried every plug in around the house it did not work right out of the box.
Parts are missing unable to put it together
Second time I buy one of these all because the cushion keeps coming deflated and I can't contact the seller. I wish I could at least buy the cushion separately
8 modes and all they do is flash so much it can induce a seizure.
the seller blue wave is not the producer so they direct you to the producer and guess what? they never answer and have flimsy policies...u end up throwing it away
Paid to have this liner installed only to find out that the measurements were off and now I have a loose wrinkled liner in my pool. NOT HAPPY
It leaves a huge line of earth running through the middle. Blades do not go all the way across. Causes you to have to till twice.
The slightest amount of shade and it stops working. Threw it away.
I didn't receive the rotary nozzle. Is that coming to me yet?
Only 1 of these has worked for me, the other 2 are too narrow at the base and get clogged with soil
Arrived with paint flaked off right out of the package. So much for powder coated. No returns or exchanges either. I guess I'll spray paint over the bare metal. Poor quality overall!
Worked well to start but wouldn't shut off- burned itself out- totally frustrating 👎
I bought this to on my house,it was not nearly available enough to do for most of the projects.
If it actually arrived I would write a review. It said it was delivered but it's no where to be found. Hope it works for everyone else.
Cancelled order but you sent any way. What a pain. Horrible customer service.
There was something missing from the box. We were going to use them in my daughter's dorm room but there was a weird prong end and nothing to plug the item in. This rendered them useless.
Didn't work for me. Placed in several locations to help eliminate ants.....still have ants after several weeks. Would not recommend.
Cheap...most is unnecessary. A good wire brush is all I will ever use!
Very cheaply made. Battery wouldn't hold a charge. Video died 2 days after first use. Save your money.
Factory connection to the end came lose just over a month and half save your money don't buy
Waste of money, they just get up and leave, what's the point! I can't find one in my bushes or tomatoes to save my life. That's why this is my obituary!
Terrible. One strand lasted 2 weeks the other 1 month. I have some from Ross store that have lasted 2 years
Frustrating...the spools didn't last long and prematurely unwound. I had to use 3 in less than 30 minutes. I don't recommend this item. I hoped to save money. Instead I've wasted more money and have 2 spools left. I won't waste time using them.
I received the product but not happy.I plug it in upside down.The attractant I put it in other way.The prongs is inverted.
Heavy duty and AWESOME!
This product is worthless in the garden. I had to really push it down hard to get it to work and then it stopped working after a week. I then tried to return it and missed my return window. So disgusted.
Followed instructions, failed to grow.
The first time it rained they stopped working. Customer service was great to replace or refund , but disappointed they only worked for a couple of weeks. They also did not come with instructions so you're left guessing what the button on top is for since the remote turns them off & on. We pushed the top button & it didn't seem to do anything.
Save your money. Out of 6 planted not a single one has done anything. You're better off going to Lowe's or Home Depot and buying something else. These are garbage
It's a scam. Either the wrong seeds or you won't get them! Save your money buy from another store
Stopped working after 6 months of light use... won't power up. Used it maybe a dozen times.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it!!!! I didn't realize I was buying a re-design when I reordered. Very disappointed. This plastic shell with a sticky paper liner hasn't caught one fly! The original paper Fly Inns catch everything with wings. Bring the original back, please!
Doesn't put off any light
This did nothing. I plugged it in and a couple weeks later there was a palmetto bug walking right by it unbothered.
First one I bought was great, next season had to buy another, leaked after one use! Thought it was a fluke but the third one did the same thing, for 50.00 it ought to at least get through one season!
The product is good, but I needed more parts to complete the job. When I wrote to see about buying more parts, thye said the parts had to be shipped from China and the freight would be $18. Beware!!!
This a small black box with a rapidly flashing tiny red LED. Predators eyes don't even have the slightest resemblance to this. I put one up to try to keep the animals off my newly seeded grass and I see deer tracks going up to it like they were curious what it is. Flashing warning signs on a highway are similar and I haven't seen any animals deterred by them. I think this is a money making scheme.
Bad I want my money back. Nothing grew in here except mold!! Please refund!
Ignition is junk. Never worked from First time out of box... major hassle to ship back. Looks great but there is zero customer service Called in a Wednesday at 4 o'clock hold time was “ In Excess of 40 minutes” what a joke no one can wait min of 40 minutes
With two attached spools turning in the same direction with feeds on opposite sides.....automatic feed is impossible! String is Constantly breaking off. Spend more time rethreading string than weed whacking. Unfortunately, amazon imposed a stingy 30 return window. By the time we opened and used this, it was too late to return. Pass this one by. Waste of money!
I was hoping to use this pH meter as a backup for my greenhouse operation however within the first 3 weeks the instrument failed. I changed the batteries but the unit was inoperable. It is not a good unit.
Cheaply made product. On first use, the switch on one of the lights broke. The rest of the lights eventually stopped working. Only 2 of the 6 worked for almost 6 months, and then quit working. The other 3 didn't last a month. Very disappointed because they were pretty while they lasted.
It was the wrong plug. It's way too small. It was suppose to be for a intex above ground pool
My review is about Amazon Customer Service as this item was a warehouse deal so I understand that packaging can be damaged as well as cosmetic issues and may be a return. However, it was used so I received it filthy, grass on the entire mower and bag plus it didn't have a manual or the mulching attachment. The customer service acted like it was a good of them to even offer a return. They would not replace the mulching attachment and mainly my problem was they tried to do nothing for me and I should be grateful they will let me return it. Wow! Also, they kept saying it said cosmetic defects but never addressed the fact that it was so dirty or missing pieces. Never been so disappointed in Amazon before.
This wind guard fell apart on first use. The connector brackets don't adequately grip the glass. They seem to be angled incorrectly so that much of the contact is between the metal and the glass, and not enough of the rubber-tipped screw heads connect with the glass. Rickety and insecure. Fortunately, Amazon accepted the return with full refund. I bought another brand on Amazon and am quite pleased with it.
Disappointing product for indoor seedlings and potted plants. the unit I received did not function.
Can I give this a 0 star? These did not work at all. Not even a little bit. My garden died while I was on vacation and I threw these in the trash.
The birds set on it.
They work ok for a couple weeks, then go downhill from there
I'm leaving review not about the product, but to the delivery service. I'm so tired of getting message that package can't be delivered because no one was home. I was there. If the company would just be honest & say delivery will be delayed because they ran out of time I would understand & not feel angry. I realize to put a bad review about the delivery in the product's reviews is not fair, but I have searched many times for places to complain about delivery & have not found.
These are cheap sponges, not stones and I haven't even used them and they started to fall apart as I pulled them out of the packaging! I threw them away! Glad I didn't spend much on them since they are literally garbage!!!
Trigger would jam and bind during use. Item was returned.
One month old and it is developing large cracks in boys body and in the bowl. Water leaks out fast and the body is almost cracked all around body. Trying to epoxy it but should have to. Fix one crack another shows up.
This worked for about 5 minutes in direct sunlight, then it made a bubbling noise and never worked again. At least it was really cheap, so I wasn't super surprised. Pay attention to the bad reviews, my guess is they are fairly accurate.
Horrible. Will never purchase again. Cheap product, poorly made. Waste of $$
I should have read the reviews the rust is prominent and the burners will not get hot wait well over an hour after watching all the videos to cook a hamburger just will not burn on a blue flame I would not recommend buying this wish I would have listened
No instructions for install will not work on echo trimmer asking for refund...
Very low light and it doesn't ki anything!
It arrived broken. Very disappointing. Didn't get it out to place it in the back yard until 30 days past purchase date and they refused to replace it. Will never buy from them again.
Ordered these seeds fingers crossed that I would get them and hoping they would germinate. But instead I got a totally different flower. Hope seller fixes problem or refunds. I wouldn't even give it a single star if I could.
My husband can grow anything but these seeds never even sprouted. Very disappointed and a waste of money.
Hard to review something that STILL ISN'T HERE! Says the company is in North America, but when I vibrate them to get a tracking number, they're in Ireland! Been waiting a month already.
Bought the brush to avoid getting bristles in my food and after 3rd use found the pictured bristle in my wife's steak, thankfully she was stabbed in the gum by it instead of swallowing it. Of course this is a week after the 30 day return window 😡
These leak excessively making a sticky mess and wasting lots of nectar.
Wish it was less stars. WHY would they advertise something bigger than what they send?! Bait and switch isn't a fun Halloween joke.
Its leaking as shown in the picture. What's my next step? Return is easy. They have to improve their quality inspection. It's sturdy in construction plus with sprayer. I don't encourage you not to buy it, just time consuming. Just questioning yourself, Why me?
NEVER AGAIN. This arrived with one succulent as opposed to two. In addition, the rocks are glued together and the succulent is in poor condition. If you are going to overcharge me and ship me a damaged plant - I should at least be able to re-pot the plant to save it. Unfortunately, this was a scam and an awful purchase. Contact me ASAP FOR A FULL REFUND.
It only worked for about a month. Now I have a rather expensive planter.
made absolutely no difference
This product is very poorly made. I returned item once and same thing happened with the replacement. It falls apart no matter how careful you are. Decided to opt for a refund and find a better product
Not happy, ordered these lights but didn't have enough, so reordered exact same lights, exact same seller, same description...after spending a long time hanging the second set right next to the first set, they are clearly different colors and not both warm white!
Hung these up, and not even one moth came to it... meanwhile my kitchen is full of moths! Maybe it's a defective set because other moth traps I've used have worked right away!
This is the worst "mower" that I have ever used...push reel, power reel, gas rotary or electric rotary. It replaces a 20 year old electric rotary (can't remember the brand) that I had to discard because of a cracked deck. My old mower was a 20" cut. This one, while the largest at 17", is still much more cumbersome and inconvenient to use. The pivot handle is useless, don't bother with it. Be prepared to mow it in 4 different directions each mowing just to begin to get a smooth lawn. My lawn is well cared for, no crab grass, nice and green, no moss but this "mower" leaves streaks and because of the long deck and widely spaced wheels any bump in the surface either causes scalps or leaves uncut grass. I can't give it any less than one star but I sure would if I could. I do give it 2 stars for lightweight, after all it is plastic. Don't bother purchasing this mower, you'll be sorry.
Never received so can't give a review, but it won't quit asking me for one. Had to send an email to get my money returned.
I had one teaspoon and I was convinced I was going to die.
Ordered and got it installed. Paid to get natural gas line ran to it. Started it up and doesn't work. Will not ignited and getting error messages.
I never received my order. They took my money and never sent the seeds! As far as I am concerned these people are a rip off organization and should be banned from doing business on the internet.
Bottle seal was broken and leaking upon delivery.
It doesn't work. I'm sitting right next to the candle and getting attacked as I write this review. Save your money.
this pond de-ice only work one time on Jan 2018, when next cold day my whole pond was frozen Feb 2018. I have to return it.
JUNK!! 3 months old, rarely used (pool guy uses his own) and already torn in 3 or 4 spots. Wish I could give 0 stars and 5 red X's.
Dissapointing product
Hardly any colors, most are black. It is very hard to see and a big disapointment.
Cable broke after the first mowing of an acre lot.
Good value if they would have been in one piece!!
We are upset with this supplier as the package never arrived.
This hose only lasted one season and the season that it did last, water sprayed out of the connector so it leaked. I pushed through and used it anyways but now it leaks like crazy and is going int he trash. You get what you pay for.
I had been waiting and waiting, finally I got it on Nov. 2018, and I so excited, the next day used the seeds to germinate. few weeks later, see that growing, you know what I got, is Mustard Green
I originally purchased this screen 4 years ago to the day.(thanks for the info Amazon, lol) It was great. The screen material was pretty sturdy and thick. After getting a slight tear in it, I purchased another one What a difference...not in a good way. The screen material of the second one is much thinner/cheaper. Because the material of the first one was of such higher quality you knew it was there (in a good way) and as such it gave a slight amount of privacy. This new one...the material is so thin you literally can NOT see it when it is up and I almost ripped it getting it out the box. Also the length is not the same. The screens attach via Velcro to your inside door jam. I tried using the same attachments...I had a good inch opening at the bottom. Tried to adjust it by lowering the tension rod...yep at least an inch opening. That size opening will allow bugs in. I just left the original one up. Even with the slight tear, it is of far better quality.It has held up for years to kids hiding and pulling on it to adults who can't figure out how to open and walk through it AND that's with leaving it up all year. I can't imagine this lasting a week.
Was cracked through plastic had to glue, very flimsy, and two end snaps broken
Bought 2 of these after 1 week, one stopped working.
This is missed guided. States that it will fit the lawnmower but not even the right part. But at least I was able to return it. Just took more time to get the right part.
Came and holes were not drilled so could not put it together.
I got the wrong cylinder head even though I was assured by the phone person after she did some checking that it was in fact the head for the right cylinder bank. Well, it wasn't and I didn't have time to waste on waiting another two weeks for slow shipping. So I bought the correct cylinder head from another source and had it overnighted. Now upon returning the item, I found that they withheld 10%. What kind of crappy customer service is that?
Supposed to be 5 gallon bags but when I opened them they seemed small so I did the measurements on it and they are only 3 gallons
Love the way the lights looked. Said they were waterproof, they are not! Quit working a week after hanging, lights were filled with rain water, and are now completely rusted.
It only lasted for a couple o months, it worked great but it durability it's bad. This one it's my second one already.
The firs time that i order something on Amazon and arrive incomplete.
The mounting screws for the motor bracket are too long, not allowing the lid to close completely.
I think my pack is a dud. It's been three days and I've followed the instructions clearly with no growth. What a waste :(
Displeased. Never received order. Company did always respond to my emails however date to be delivered past, no furniture. They said they would resend. Still no furniture. After two attempts with no tracking info, they said my address was undeliverable. I live in a residence and have items delivered several times a week. They did give me full refund. I am sad I was really looking forward to the furniture
I bought this twice. And returned it twice. It arrived with the glass broken in multiple pieces. What's wrong with your shipping department, Amazon???? I'm not the only one who has returned this item because it arrived broken. Please learn how to properly wrap, mark and ship fragile glass. SO DISAPPOINTED!
So this is what I just unpacked (pictures)?from a large, poorly packed cardboard box. Badly bent frame and missing one of the two legs. And no, I am not packing it all up for a return! They should apologize profusely and send me a full replacement. What's your bet they'll do that? I'll somehow created a second leg using wood and try to hammer out the bent frame.
Unfortunately every one of them behaved badly by uncontrollable running out of the last 1/3 of line. At the end of the line, it just chips and sputters. I'll be spending the extra money for a quality product.
I would give this zero stars if I could. The plant arrived dead and is smaller than a quarter. Save your money and do not buy from this seller.
Caught fire yesterday. Thank God we were home
I was really excited for this to put next to our lounge chairs by the pool. This worked for one night. After that the locking mechanism broke and now it's near impossible to get the top up or down. I would look for something else similar other than this item.
I bought delta dust to kill wasps in the siding of my house. I dusted the entrance per instructions. A day later there were fewer wasps coming and going and I dusted again each day after. By the third day the wasps were just as plentiful as before treatment.
The owl on the top is broken off.
Really disappointed. I wanted to hang it as a windsock item.
Died in less than a week
I grew these but they were certainly not peppermint leaves. They were some other plant.
Are you kidding me? Drain flies literally run across this product!
Sickle was smaller than I thought it would be and didn't cut very well at all. I would not recommend this item.
Found it had 3 pin hole leaks as soon as the water was turned on, thankfully Amazon is allowing me to return them
Very cheap. Bent first time out
Heads up: This appears only fit their cans. Not universal. I have 7 plastic gas cans of various capacities and thins fits none of them. The can opening on all of them is significantly smaller. The item description should specify the can spout attach opening! OD for can opening is about 2 1/2".
Canopy came ripped right out of the box and corner pieces ripped when stretched into place
I received da projector but da remote don't work
Very little propagation. Only 10% sprouted and that's probably being generous. Very Disappointed with this product.
Half of them don't work and has this annoying beeping noise. I could not get my order replaced
Purchased this for a bird bath. As others have mentioned, it works only in direct sunlight. When it works, the pump is very strong. Unfortunately, it will float and then drift to the side and empty the water. The suction cups will not hold it down unless the surface is glass or ceramic. Looking for something to weigh it down but it is surprisingly buoyant. Don't waste your time and money.
Hose burst after less than one year of careful use.
These are terrible. I thought I was purchasing the same lights I already have but don't be fooled. These are a very poor quality substitute. Not bright at all and only stay lit an hour or so after dark.
Not what I expected it's very dull not bright orange like i needed and it's not thick enough to make standing on very comfortable.its just kinda yucky ..
I suggest against buying rechargeable ones in the future. Just get one that accepts batteries. I had a cheap one from Harbor Freight that cost like $5 that worked better.
Very unstable. Top heavy. Blew over and broke wing off.
I have tried to use these for the last 6 weeks. The three wicks are a joke After an hour or so two wicks are overcome by the wax and refuse to light. I didn't notice any reduction of insects. Save your money.
It did not fit wrong part not as shown on ad. Not the same as shone.
This was bought as a Christmas gift for my daughter and son-in-law to use when they go camping. The box was not opened until July 13, 2019 when they camped. One whole row of lights does not work. I wanted to know if I could get a replacement si ce this does not work and it's the first time it's been opened or used?
the only way this product kills anything is if they drown from over spay, and that still may not work ! a waist of money
All the parts feel cheap. Would not buy again. Too expensive
My mistake for not counting the total before my event. I ordered 2 packs of 10. I only received 16. I was 4 short. If you order these, make sure you count them BEFORE the UPS truck drives away.
Not happy with the tubing or the pieces. I went with an off brand and it was a much higher quality.
I like the units but 1 of the 3 sensors did not work. It blinked but did not link up with the master unit so no temperature was visible. I have requested a replacement and will write a review when I receive it.
After several weeks in two locations (Pantry and Kitchen) only 5 flour beetles and surprisingly two moths were trapped. Knew about the beetles but the moths were a surprise.he problem is that we had a real beetle problem and I killed many more with my finger than were trapped. I would guess that I sent over a hundred to their happy hunting ground. I actually watched a beetle in close proximity to the trap approach same and then turn and go away. Don't know why but the pheromone doesn't seem to be the attractant as advertised.
Bought this flag for my husband. We hung it on the flag pole in March. It faded so badly not worth the money we paid for it.
DO NOT BUY. TERRIBLE QUALITY.. DOES NOT ALLOW ME TO RETURN IT. WASTE OF MY MONEY. SO ANGRY.
I would not recommend. It only worked a few minutes.
...never came up again. That's about as bad as it gets.
This lasted all of one month before it started leaking and spraying from every crevice the water could escape from.
This thing is Garbage
Didn't even stay inflated 6 hours ! I don't see any hole in it ordered a replacement hopefully no issues
DO NOT BUY - Do you notice that 30% of ALL REVIEWS are 1 star? that is because this product has ZERO quality control Mine leaked internally from day one - piece of garbage.
Waste of money. After soaking, most seeds floated. 0 Cilantro. 1 Basil. 5 Chives. 8 Parsley. Those were the only seeds that didnt float. Better option would be to just buy already sprouted herbs from anywhere else. Basically paid for a box, 4 pots and 4 bags of dead useless seeds
I'd of liked the seeds but got a package but nothing in the package was empty what happened
Came completely shattered bc the company didn't put any packing protection in with a CERAMIC bowl!! Now I have to waste time dropping it off at ups
Less than a year. This producr no longer works.
Don't buy! Wrong screws, leg parts turned the wrong way
the fountain only made noise from the water falling on the first day. Why that?
Awful! Threw it away! It should be zero stars! Do not buy! Falls apart and not long enough for a pool! Sorry, normally I do not leave any negative comments, but this product was horrible. Do not buy
This arrived with a broken piece. Very disappointed.
Ordered this product in preparation for spring yard work and a rainy stretch of days prevented me from setting this up until just after the 30 day return period. Wish I had tried it out sooner because the product is defective - won't turn on. I'm unable to return and out almost $50 dollars.
Worst product ever. Only works as a nightlight!
Matter comes apart on the part that slides up and down for safety! Not very safe at all!!!!!!
I did not receive the push wagon like in the picture. I got the pull wagon which I did not want. I wasn't able to take it into Disneyland and had to rent a stroller there instead. I was very upset because that was the whole point of trying to get the push wagon was taking it into Disneyland.
Birds just don't seem to like this brand. What used to take 2-3 days to finish now takes 2 weeks or more
This flag pole snapped right in half the very first windy day we had. Plus when it was shipped, the top screw and gold ball was trashed.
These just don't work. They don't work on ants or spiders.
I ordered the exact # needed and the item arrived wrong size-----trashed it !! Buy local if you can folks.
Works intermittently at best with My Home app. Consistently says "no response" until you unplug the plug from the outlet and plug it back in - then it works for 2 minutes and says "no response" again.
Garbage. Third time using it and water is spraying from every crack and crevice. I'm. Hoping this is just a single bad unit but wow.
I received my item today and it was completely busted. The bottle was broken and the box was saturated. I've ordered before with no problems. I may not order again.
Not one of these seeds sprouted for me...had to throw out !
Will not open and extend Had to use wrench to turn open did not work please do not buy bad item
Just one fuse included ! Each candle should have had his own fuse .
The nozzle leaked from the middle, tried tightening bolts but did not work. Didn't clean with the results expected.
i Liked my hose when I first got it but it came apart after 6 weeks and now I can't return it. In theory these hoses are easy to handle but the cloth can't stand up to any tugging. The seams rip apart easily. So disappointed
One didn't work and the other one is already dying. The only reason I kept it was it would cost to send it back. I'm already out enough money. I won't buy from that company or recommend that company.
Could not get it to work after messing with it for 3 days
Doesn't grow, I followed all instructions
Doesn't heat up. Has been several days and seller has not responded to me.
Squirrel proof? NOPE! Not only could the squirrels open the top, they managed to gnaw right through the plastic container to get to seeds. Great idea, bad execution. Don't waste your money.
Star broke in 2 minutes, used new bolt, washer to fix blade firmly to the shaft.
Lights stopped working within one week.. returning...
Was a waste of money I feel the only thing it does is a night light
These do not glow. They have been in my flowerbed for two weeks now. Nothing is happening! :( Very disappointed. I received an email from the seller about my review of his product. He claimed that since I live in Washington it would take them "much longer" to gather enough sun to glow. They are in a full sun flowerbed. Three weeks later and still mo response from the seller. Do not buy this product.
This package was not delivered
This came completely shattered and I see no way to return or exchange with out paying to ship it back. I don't even see a way to contact the seller. Not happy.
Does not trap mosquitos. Since I bought it, has not trapped any mosquitos.
I didn't like this product at all. I am very disappointed with its performance. I would love to return it.
This part for my Toro Walk Behind lawnmower was the wrong replacement cable. I attempted to return it and was advised that the supplier would not return the product for a refund. I now have an unusable cable and very unhappy with the company providing the product. I won't order lawnmower repair parts through Amazon again.
All lanterns ripped and wouldn't light. Very disappointed and will not buy again!
So disappointed with these. They did submerge but they leak and the remote controls sometimes work. We got to use them once and then spent time trying to shut them off because they kept coming back on even out of the pool. All in all a disappointing purchase
I have nine Hummingbird feeds in my backyard I do have a lot of hummingbirds . So I thought I get this one. I only have one or two hummingbirds go on this feet it looks like they don't like it . I have set it up in quite a few areas in my yard and when I go to change it it's fool . And all the rest of them are empty.
It's broken when I first received it.
I ordered this product in January and it was not shipped until March.
Had this canopy for about a year and then the top of the cover had a small rip which grew with time. Quite disappointed that customer support couldn't help with this. Everything was carefully assembled and securely anchored. I'm not ready to purchase new canopy covers every year! I live in California with very low winds too!
Planted each seed in peat pot with potting soil. Not one seed sprouted. Bad product
Did not need more weeds. Would be zero stars if that was the option.
I ordered it for a nexgrill model that they had listed - IT DOES NOT FIT! The arch was way to high.
Supposed to repel deer, but there is no setting for that in the instructions. Seems to be completely ineffective in repelling anything.
First year of use- Skimmer is completely filled with water / solid ice.
Did not work. Would turn on and Display numbers in the 10 to 11 range. Calibration button would not work. Reading would not change when inserted into different liquids with different ph levels. Not usable.
Amazon needs to slow down and do a better job with the packaging. This makes two shipments in a row with damage
Real piece of crap,various parts where damage and bend,impossible to put together,the picture they put as advertisements is not the quality of what you buy,had to spend more $$
First time used for grilling butterfly lamb. When done I could not clean any of the blacked soot off of the sheet. Wiped sheet immediately when cooking was complete. Put sheet into sink and tried using a bristled scrub brush and liquid Dawn, still not clean at all. Soaked sheet in dish washing powder detergent for one hour then tried the scrub brush method again with no avail. This is not a good product !
Does not clip to any of our beach chairs. Anyone have advice on how to rig it?
Very flimsy and not easy to assemble like some of the review said.
This thing is garbage, the only way it works is to be touching the metal. I put silverware, gold ring and change in pile. It wouldn't beep until it was touching the items. It's small and light, but that is the only feature. Would work better as a vibrator.
This product is junk I used it for 2 days and half the light stopped working
I only had this up for 3 days. Weather has been in the 50s but today there was a couple inches of snow. So now there is a big crack. Would not buy.
We bought 2 strands and they both died within 6 months I tried contacting Amazon and was told to contact the company but no info available for the company! $$ down the drain
The key broke when under load. It would be great if they could reset the key because other than that it is a good product
Still didn't clear my pond
Did not assemble properly. Screw holes do not align making stool unstable. Disassembling to send back - and injured myself- put a bruise on my face due to leg being jammed! Returns are the worst. This one's going back.
The mouse got caught and it escaped
Does not fit, would have to trim rear fins for it to fully seat down on clutch case, unsure of durability,
Did not work from unpackaging. 4 of them would not turn off after unpackaging. After 3 days they were all dead without any sign of working.
Lights worked for one day, then began flashing and would not reset. Also, these are not battery operated-must be plugged in.
Will not stay on the pool. A little water on the cover and they pop right off.
Tried it several times, leaked every time.
I received an empty package
The entire unit quit working after only a 1/2 a dozen uses. Amazon doesn't have a return option for this junk and the manufacturer doesn't have any contact info on the packaging.
It looks like an Owl but I was very disappointed very very very I thought it was a hard object not a picture of an owl if I would've known that I would not of bought it very disappointed
Works great! Problem is they don't sell replacement glue cards. One you've used the two cards, the unit is worthless!
Will not stay in place
Received product broken I reordered hoping it was just this box.
They faded in the first year and lining broke down. Wrote to the manufacturer and they stated we kept them in the sun too long. We live in NC our pool is in the sun and the rails get very hot in the summer heat. They did keep the rails cool but they looked like crap after the second month. We have no other alternative so I have to purchase again. Manufacturer is not very customer focus!!
Not at all what I expected. I think I was sent a dead plant.
Stared leaking only 2 months old. Not used more than 6 times. Not treated rough. To late to return
The product was shipped promptly, but there are no wiring instructions included, and customer service is nonexistent. Not recommended.
Buy at least 2 sizes bigger. Doesn't fit. So frustrated just taking down the entire pool and throwing it in garbage. Totally disappointed!
Doesn't put off much light, and they are not waterproof. After about 15 mins on off them stopped working
The plastic dish arrived in the box broken. Not impressed with the quality if the item is broken before it is removed from the box. Will update review if the seller replaces the broken dish.
I love the concept and the price but, did not notice that they are made of aluminum. Aluminum is just not strong enough to do this properly. After a few months, the connections start to leak. We did not notice at first because we just do not use the hose that often. I have recently started to use one of the hoses almost daily for new planting and the connectors are only lasting a couple of weeks to a month. It is too bad because the product is a fantastic concept. I can tell you that if you buy these, you will be buying them constantly as they will fail.
This did not come with the button to be able to spay the product.
I was trying to contact the seller but don't see that option. I sat these out in the sun today & wrapped around my dogwood tree. That took a while due to the length & got tangled a few times. I couldn't wait until it got dark but lights didn't come on. I pushed the on/off button a few times since you can't tell if it's on or off. Still not working. I saw such good reviews so not sure what went wrong.
Arrived in a box too small for it so it was poking out of the bottom, with the tag ripped off of it and NO CLAMP at all to be seen. If it was supposed to be welded on, I don't think it ever was because there is no mark where anything broke off - the main feature of this hook was the adjustable clamp, so this is completely unusable for that purpose.
I bought 2 of these put this one in and still no growth planted 2nd one and with in a week I have 2 pads appearing
I thought I could just spray it on the brown spots, but no, I have to hook it up to a hose. I am disappointed.
We never received this item. It is past due by several days now.
Expert assembly was not preformed on delivery as stated on purchase
Very poorly made in my opinion. I used it one time and the fertilizer was constantly get clogged. Also, a small plastic piece on the bottom is broken. Spend your money on something of a higher quality.
No flowers and the flowers produce the seeds very disappointed
Update: I love these gloves but they did not last (both gloves became faulty) and therefore I have been trying to get them replaced as they have a lifetime warranty. Customer Service sends you an automated response when you try contacting them then nothing after that to replace the gloves. I did buy another pair but will see how this pair goes but buyer beware of customer service.
I bought this based on the reviews about the product. I agree it is very quiet but it didnt work for me. I placed it in my kitchen at night and woke up to no mosquitos dead but with three bites.
Product description says "For use with low-pressure propane/natural gas systems". It will NOT work with a proper LP low pressure quick connect.
The pole broke the first time using it yesterday and being 1 day over the return Amazon won't let me contact the seller. Really irritated at this point.
Ordered these tires Feb. 2019. Received them and did not install them right away, well one of the tires has two pin holes in the sidewall, so it keeps going flat. Wow this is why I ordered new tires. My mistake was not installing them right away so the return window has closed and now I am stuck with a tire that I have to inflate every time I want to mow
As soon as I received the product 2 of the stand legs were broken off.
I had mine open 3 weeks entirely mold. I have full line like 10 bottles no problems. I keep tight ALWAYS. Want a refund. Put service request over month ago but apparently not there anymore.
That was the worst precious I ever buy I will never buy it again it was cheap made it came apart within four days from a little wind 9 miles an hour
Did not realize how small this is. I'm not sure what to cook on it.
something wrong with plant-dying already
The plant is dying, don't know what's wrong. I water twice a week.
The straps with this product fell apart in just two months. We purchased it in June, Installed at the end of June. Now, August 12, they are falling apart. We only unrolled the cover two or three times during the season.
Disappointed in this product. Planted these seeds as instructed 5 weeks ago. Not one sprout.
hose has bubbles in it after only two uses
I ordered 2 generators and only received one of them today. Going camping and very disappointed over service that both were not received today as promised.
Little grass mostly weed came up
Paid a lot fo this. Three years later the whole thing is brittle and cracking. Should last longer than this in my opinion. The old one that it replaced lasted longer.
These were not good lights. Lights did not stand up
Absolute Chinese junk. Same unit on Alibaba goes for $9 . This product isnt worth $5 I got ripped off. Shame on you Amazon.
My husband didn't care for them as they don't give your food that grilled taste.
Part received was incomplete, description and photo indicates a complete housing including shaft an bearings, received just a housing. Sent it back for refund.
This had been returned before, even had a sticker on the box telling us that. What are you Amazon, Fries?
My kit arrived missing two center brackets. Result was I could only build 3 of the 4 floors. Calling the number of Heath Outdoor Products yielded an answering machine and no return call. Amazon seems to only allow replacements or refunds. I want to keep the 3 floors I built, but would like the two parts I was promised but which were not delivered. I don't know how accomplish that.
Didn't notice a difference even though I followed instructions and measurements.
The clip to attach the bag to the cleaner is mounted sideways, so not only does it look stupid when attached but it twists the fabric and restricts water flow into the bag. It is impossible to turn it to the proper orientation without tearing the fabric because the fabric is glued to the collar.
Piece of garbage. Paper pulls completely off making it useless. Don't order this.
this cat grass came from China a month after I was expecting it and the seeds were crawling with bugs.
I had high hopes for this product. Cats pooping in my vegetable garden is so disgusting, and I'm desperate to find a solution. I set this up, followed exact instructions. Heard a slight buzzing sound and saw some intermittent flashing lights. Cats and dogs walked right up to it and had no reaction. Cats hung out right next to it. Even had it turned up to the highest setting. Waste of time, money and energy. Would love some suggestions from others as to what they've used that worked!
Cheap, cheap product. The lid does not stay on.
I bought about ten boxes of this product from Home Depot. Had great luck with them. What has been sent to me from this vendor, must be old stock. I've had 3 out of 5 stakes break. A complete waste of money.....
we got this as a shade shelter for smoking breaks at work. we know its windy here in Utah so we sank the posts in buckets of cement, but the whole thing bent, broke, and tore on the first day we got it up. :(
The mice loved them & are holes in the bags to get to the inside product.
None of the seeds sprouted. Will not order from this company ever again.
every plastic connector piece split the first night of a freeze
This floating solar light didn't even last the season before taking on water. Very disappointed with it.
Still have not yet received.
need to see how to return the pump, used for about a week and now is not pumping water.
Send me my yellow bulbs. You know, when I see a picture I expect the product to match. I'll revise this review when I get the yellow bulbs.
Don't Waste your money
Didn't work as described and a waste of money
This was much smaller than I expected....
1st time i put it up everything was fine, 2nd time putting it up there was a hole in the material on the outside where the rib had went through it. 3rd time I put it up on the inside one of the ribs had broke loose. I have used it a total of about 6 hrs, its junk don't waste your money
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it worked one time and then stopped working. I do not recommend this product to anybody. Very disappointed because it's such a cute little fire pit.
Ordered this chair for my vacation. Unfortunately it never arrived. Then I was made to wait 4 days after my stated delivery date before I was allowed to even request a refund. Terribly disappointed with this lack of product and service.
Did nothing to my pond water. Waste of money.
Worked one time. Then wouldn't turn off eventually the battery ran not. Very disappointed
When I put them in the aquarium they worked for a day or two and then they got water locked no matter how much I tried to tighten them and when I took them out they were full of mold
The item was not delivered and I received a notice saying they had been delivered. Did not receive
Nothing but for sweeping garage or patio. Don't expect to blow leaves. Too weak for this. Would not buy it. I love other 20V tools - grass trimmer, branch cutter, they work great, - but not this one.
I am very disappointed, this says for indoor/outdoor use, I placed it on my covered porch and left it running for several hours in the most mosquito-heavy area and when I went to clean it, the bin was completely empty. My tabletop citronella burner works better than this thing.
Color fades quickly. So far for me, you get what you pay for with pond dye.
This swimming pool backwash hose split along its seam the first time I used it.
Have not caught a thing. They are roaming around it have had it plug in for a month
These do not work. One just stopped after a few days and another started to leak through the battery area. I have used other similar products with no problem these are inferior.
Very disappointed. Think I could have used sticks and twine and had a more stable structure. A lot of the poles was bent on the ends and wouldn't fit together. The plastic union pieces was not molded properly so the poles didn't fit together and the clips wouldn't clip. The tarp cover was not fitted what so ever. Almost came apart trying to cover the structure. Don't be fooled by the misleading script of how the poles are thicker. They may be but not thick enough. Only had it together for ten minutes before I made the decision to take it down. Didn't want it to fall on our guests in the very minimal breeze we had that afternoon.
Ordered black color and received red. Assembler from Amazon Home. Assembled for propane instead if natural gas and then refused to do it correctly saying “ call Amazon”
Was actually just looking for gaskets after cleaning the main jet of the stock carburetor, but this one was so inexpensive that I couldn't refuse. Well....I should have. The engine did start up, but would not stop cycling. I put the one I had cleaned on (now that I had gaskets) and it ran perfect.
I should have read better. I have bought lanterns before but never any like this. This is my fault but they do not come with the felt fuel pad to inflate them, you will need a tiki torch or something that puts off heat to inflate them. 👎🏿
Horrible product, the front axle broke the 1st time I used it, it's a piece of junk
They are horrible. It caught on fire, had to remove everything off of it. You can not clean them. They was a waste of money.
Color advertised as taupe. It was a brown not taupe. Returned
I would not buy this item. Product is too thin and inferior. It did not sustain the sun, wind or rain, It is only 1 season later and the cover is ripped to pieces. I rather pay $10 more dollars for a better quality product. I hope this helps!
I bought 2. One worked for 1 to 2 months and stopped working. The other worked when the sun was shining on it but not in the dark. Unfortunately this purchase was a bust.
Tried to return. No answer x 3 tries. tried to put together. Terrible instructions, holes don't line up. took 1.5 hrs to put this piece of sh%t together. and then it's unlevel. Burned it on the 4th of july :(
This does not include a carry bag as the description states. I've received three different boxes of this product now and not one of them has a carry bag in it.
The construction is week and the materials too. Not mentioned that is too small. It is too late for me to return it.
Garbage. 2nd time I've used it and it's already busted and leaking everywhere.
This product broke the day I got it. The pole is not at all sturdy.
Received damaged. Can in a box, no damage to box.
Only work for short time and then don't work anymore out doors use lasted a month
Died after 3 months. Impossible to return to the seller. Never again.
I bought this in July and finally got around to putting it together. It is missing the middle section so it's worthless. Was really looking forward to putting our families custom flag on it. Boo.
The problem is that molded plastic is not a perfectly straight and critters can get their paws between the door and wall and open it when inside.
Not at all bright...almost like a black light effect...one of the three I bought already died...I will give it one more try to charge again or I will return:(
This item arrived damage, the spray nozzle broke off in transit, rendering the product unusable. This was due to the cap not being securely fastened on top of the can. Recommendation: tape the cap to the can.
Did not do anything for wasps
ZERO stars because it never got here! First it was delayed and then it was marked delivered -BUT NO! IT WAS NOT! I've been trying to reach out to the company & amazon, with no results. SO, overall & as for value for money: I'd have to say, if you are feeling like wasting 22 bucks on invisible bird food, say, for example, if you only have invisible birds that don't actually eat, or you hate birds and enjoy being pissed off at bad customer service because you're being ignored, then BY ALL MEANS, BUY THIS WASTE OF TIME!!
threw away. that says it.
self propel already broke
Christmas Day and no lights on the Christmas Tree!!! We only turned on these lights for about 4-6 hours total, and wake up Christmas morning to find NO LIGHTS!!! The other brand of lights that were put on the tree from last year are still burning, but this junk didn't last at all! Total crap, don't waste your money.
Broke the first day we tried to put it up, and a few days after the stitching on top ripped opened.
Order these seeds in july still havent got them will never order anything from this company again
I bought a 6 pack of these pantry moth traps and in 24 hours not a single trap caught a single moth.... there are however an abundance of moths on the ceiling, just nowhere near the traps. Waste of money DO NOT BUY
Very dissatisfied. Ordered 4 total and only received 3. One box said it contained 2 but only had 1....
Only one star it doesn't come on automatically I have to manually turn it on but it will shut off when the timer is up
wish they actually fit
definitely not lemon grass. Do Not But from this person.
What? I have to go physically to Kohl's to return this thing? There was absolutely no mention of Kohl's on the product information. But I will incur $5.99 charge if I print my own label. What a rip off!!!
I loved it when I first got it. Then after letting the zombie run for an hour inside, the sound completely stopped working. I checked and all the wires are in place still. I even changed the batteries with a brand new pack, and the sound is STILL not working! I am still trying to get ahold of the seller!
The rubber nut wouldn't tighten enough to seal
This doesn't at all. Waste of Money
Tossed it in the garbage after dealing with repeated issues of leaking. Plus, the hummingbirds didn't want to use this - I have another feeder that they used 99% of the time, and they were hanging right next to each other.
The unit didn't work because there was a piece missing. Very poor quality control by the seller. Returned.
Do not buy this product it's a waste of money it's literal laser printed a few bucks to make and not worth it at all I want my money back for this
I bought a few packages - did nothing
This device is not accurate and is a pain to sit the outdoor in just the right position so the base unit will read it. Will not buy again.
Worst ever! Weeds keep coming back my other products worked within 1 hour
The adhesive is too weak and they fall off easily
The box was missing a piece to keep the corners together. I called the manufacturer (there's a sheet with the assembly instructions that says to call the manufacturer for any issues), and they were unable and unwilling to help because they don't make this product anymore.
The part was delivered as planned, got it on a Sunday. It only took about 7 minutes to install, the chainsaw started right up, but did not run smoothly. After about 3 minutes of run time it died! Tried to restart, but nothing. Tested the coil and it was dead already! Quality control is not a strong point. Turned out to be a waste of time and money. Will not try it again.
I plugged them in all over the house as directed to get rid of a mouse. Six weeks later, mouse is still around. Finally, I bought a mouse trap and caught it. I regret buying these as they were not effective in any noticeable way - just overpriced blue nightlights.
I bought 2 of these Terrible feeders. As others have said. The holes are much too small and jagged. Another BIG issue is they fill with water every time it rains.
It was a mess, I threw it out.
Disappointed by the size. Under product description it says that they are bigger than what was delivered. For the price, this is a ripoff. Don't waste your money.
Did not work at all. Not even one seed sprouted. Very disappointed with this product. All the work and watering for weeks for nothing. Do not buy.
Can't find any support. Quit working after two months.
I got this for my Step Daughter for a Welcome gift for their new home. I sent it to her new house wanting it to be a surprise, well it was and she liked it just one thing it was broken, the strings were busted. The box was fine no damage to the shipping box so that tells me it was placed in the box broken.
Tent very easy to put up, need to be a little sturdier had it tied down wind still took it away frame bent and broken. Couldn't use it at all for my event.
I have ordered two of these, both received broken, one completely unusable. Two replacement trays were sent (from different warehouses) and one of those was also broken. *sigh*
The hose was delivered on May 11. I tried using it and the coupling on the male end leaked and then detached from the hose leaving me with a broken, non-working hose. I did not have a chance to use it. I would give it less than one star if that was possible. I don't think I even want a replacement. Instead, I would like a refund so I can buy a real hose.
This thing is terrible, right out of the box I was only able to get it to start a few times and it wont idle. Tried several days now nothing. If you put gas in it cant return it? ..........
Junk! Broke from just a little breeze and it wasn't even open. Never got to use it.
They don't work!! Do not buy this product! I purchased six of them. Three of them failed almost immediately. One worked for several days and now flashes wildly. The other two are at our other home so I assume by now they have failed as well. I have no idea why they sell these lights.....they don't work!!!
As soon as I opened the box I noticed that the line is visibly thinner than the original line. Once installed, the line broke immediately upon the first contact with grass. I let out some more line and tried again. Once again, it broke almost immediately. I had a frustrating half hour of stopping and starting and nearly used up the entire spool. Don't waste your money. I just ordered new spools from Worx. These are going in the trash bin where they belong.
I bought these because the male Cardinals were coming in my garage and seeing their reflection in my truck window, would peck at the windows and poop all over everything. I hung 3 of them around my truck and it didn't phase them in the least. Maybe they would work on other types of birds but these male Cardinals were very aggressive.
Plants were ALL dead when they arrived. I have not been able to save them. Do not buy these, big disappointment.
Stop working on the second day.
Birds dont like this at all. I bought a local brand but decided to buy this in bulk. It falls apart and birds don't come to visit much at all.
No matter what we tried to do, it emptied all the water out of our average size bird bath in a matter of minutes.
Bought Oct 2018 and stopped working Feb 2019. It worked great when it did.
Filter/screen tube and box are both crushed.
It came with one eye..REALLY UPSET! Blah I'll get over it..but it's really cute I hung it on the tree anyway!!
It says it is a 4 pack, but I only received 3.
I see many good reviews but we had the exact opposite. The majority of the lady bugs arrived dead and I was here on the day of delivery to receive them!!!
Worst damage in shipping and they didn't give me a full refund
Wheel out lived the lawnmower. I got rid of it without removing the wheel.
Started peeling off within a week.
No good, wouldn't hang right
Package never arrived. Got a notice from US customs that it was intercepted and destroyed. Do not purchase.
broke after being in the skimmer for a couple of days.
Product was a week later than advertised and does not work. I need to know how to send it back.
this thing is garbage. the housing fell apart after 2 months, but the lights stayed on. After 6 months the main light burned out. the plastic crumbled when taking the light out of the fixture.
This liner was beautiful and arrived on time. I would have rated it 5 Stars if it did not come apart at the seams . We installed it with no problem. During the summer we notice we were losing water and found a few holes that we patched but during the winter we lost all the water in our pool and this spring I noticed that there were several tears in the seams along the bottom of the pool. I contacted the seller and I'm just waiting for them to get back to me to see if they can replace the liner because it should have not come apart at the seams.
Fits like a glove!! Installed with ease. Didn't even have to take the stack off. Thought it would have better insulation on the sides. But it's nice. Really happy with it!!. EXCEPT One corner is missing the magnet completely. I felt all around the area and it must have Never made it to the party.
Doesn't spray, just a weak stream of insecticide. So annoying to use I just gave up and used fly strips instead for a gnat problem.
On our annual week-long camping trip in the Adirondacks the flies are always overwhelming so this year I thought I'd try these traps. The warnings about not putting them close to where you sit are a joke. You can put your nose right up to it and it doesn't smell bad at all. After a week we had caught about 16 flies and the other 16 million were laughing at us.
I purchased this runner to protect the beige colored carpet in an apartment rental. It is very lightweight and as it comes rolled up, did not lie flat despite being unrolled for two days. I purchased the high spiked one hoping it would grip the carpet -it did not. It slid and moved making it unusable in the intended space. I would not recommend this.
Rip off. Bought this last year in January 2017. After 16 months and $600 I need to replace my cell. Would recommend not to buy these products online or through Amazon as it would be best if you went to your local pool supply company because if it breaks down you could return it in face.
My earlier review did not pass review. This product had absolutely no effect on bugs. Ineligible for return as a bonus.
Product defective. Rubber was cracked. Very poor quality.
These units don't do anything! The mice are still active right in front of unit and the spiders are showing up for the spring. These are a total fake. Don't waste your money.
I LoST PART MY MONEY.
The photo and heading for this item was deceiving. I assumed I would be receiving 2 pairs of gloves with claws on both hands. Instead, each pair only had one glove with claws. Ask questions before you buy.
Product shipped from China. Confiscated by Dept of Ag because 1) material not authorized entry, 2) contaminated with soil, 3) Phyto-sanitary certificate is missing
Smaller than expected and damaged on one side/bent/scratched.
Very disappointed w/ purchase. Worked for (2) days then stopped working. The suction cups on the bottom of the pump are also too small - the fountain pump kept floating to the top of our bird bath. Cheaply made in China - I was hoping for the best but this item turned out to be a waste of money. Was returned for refund. Would definitely not recommend!
Don't care tooo much for this, it doesn't fit in my outside fixture, and hast caught ant flying insects
Buyer beware. Terrible product. If you live anywhere you might get a slight gust of wind this canopy will quickly become a kite. The materials are so cheap and light and as soon as the wind does pick it up it will fly far and land hard. This canopy lasted one week in my back yard before the canopy ripped twice and then after fixing twice it flew over my 8' tall fence from a very weak and short gust of wind and when landed bent the legs. Extremely cheaply made and designed. Do not buy if you're looking for something that will last you longer than a week. Extremely cheap product!
I was very upset when my mower arrived and it wasn't the one I had ordered.
The plants were not delivered on time and the package they were in was damaged and partly opened. I planted the asparagus and they have yet to come up or grow. Very disappointed
None have germinated at this point in time
This is for ONE light only. You can find these exact same lights in a set of four for the same cost.
Arrived damaged in a box that was undamaged. Which to me means it was sent damaged. Second time this has happened from this seller. I love these art poles but not when they come damaged! For $180 I expect the item to be in perfect condition. It's only a plastic pole that's wrapped in a plastic picture. Probably costs them $20 to make at the most.
I am on my second one. The first one will not hold pressure at all. It would come seeping out of the top where the pump would go into. I returned that and got another one thinking it might just be a rare thing. The second one I got holds pressure a little but it's hissing out the top again. From reading other reviews, which I should have done earlier, it seems to have a defect with the seal.
I want to return it. It didn't even last a month. Solar is not working, it doesn't produce light.
Disappointed. They act like they have short in the wiring. Bump them in anyway and the go out or flicker
Does mot work even full strength Ortho ground clear smae price works so much better
It has been a little over a year and half and I have 6 plants out of 25 that are still growing. None of them have grown 3 feet in the last year all of them have grown between 6 to 8 inches and that is it. Not impressed with that description versus what I got because I was told that they would be 8 to 12 inches and they are now all about 14 inches so unless you count the length of the root system then they were just barely 8 inches when I got the surviving ones.
I haven't received this product yet. But it says that it was delivered yesterday. Please track and let me know where the product is exactly. There was nothing left in the porch as they claim.
Looked as if it had been sitting in the sun for a while. The colored insert and one spot on the cover were faded. Otherwise, it fits great and easy to install. UPDATE - This cover did NOT last even one season. If it can't last through the mild South Carolina winter then it's a waste of money. DO NOT BUY!
It was for my retirement party and no part or direction I was disappointed . I want my refund send me something to return your product
Only received 5 bags of the 25 I ordered and was charged for.
It came all tangled.. I spent hours untangling with no luck in the ned
Was delivered all scratched up, shipping label slapped right to the tank, no shipping protection at all. I ordered this almost a year ago, I over looked the improper shipping at the time, but now I can't stand this tank, the valve whines all the time and very loud at that. This tank was a $130 less than one I could of bought locally, wish I would of bought one locally...
This was a wedding gift.. missing gloves and spray bottle. Send asap
I received my plant today, stuffed into a tiny 2" pot. There is one green leaf, the rest are pretty yellow. This was in the mail for one day, so we can't blame the mail. This is an expensive plant to have it be 1/2 the size and not at all as pictured. My pot is a lot smaller than what is pictured here, and the roots are almost non-existent. I immediately put this in a larger pot with fresh soil to try to save it but most of the foliage is yellow and I am not sure I will succeed.
it is terrible item.
Still have a Rat living right next to Device. This doesn't work!!!
I have a collection of cast iron and this is probably going into the garbage can.
This product does not look like the picture. There are huge gaps in the fence.
I bought 2 of these for my birdbaths. Initially they worked great. Even at 10 degrees. After 3 weeks they dont even work at 30 degrees.
I've bought one of these a few years ago and loved it . Unfortunately a storm took out my pool and bobber cooler when a branch fell. Wow is all I can think about my new one... the whole thing I so flimsy. The rear hinge wobbles and feels so weak. I hope I get a few uses out of this one. Otherwise I'll go back to my soft cooler bag hanging off the new pool ladder. Wish I had my old one back.
These tires cannot hold any weight. Use caution when filling with air.
This item is a waste of money.
Like the most I found the item for chapin sprayer. The only problem it did not do what it was made to do. The spray did not adjust for cone spray. Now they say it is not returnable. For a couple of dollars you lost a customer.
They did not work upon arrival. I will be returning.
On first use the screw that holds the top cutting blade fell out and was lost. Emailed Shine Hai about a replacement screw and no response. Poor quality product and even worse customer service. Learned my lesson.
Stick with the sprays. They are much more effective. These wafers are old and pretty useless.
After one month of use there were leaks all along the line
Absolute garbage. This gadget is plugged into an outlet RIGHT NEXT TO A GARBAGE CAN that is infested with fruit flies. Does absolutely NOTHING. Don't waste your money.
they worked great for 3 weeks and then stopped working
The plant has 2 small green leaves barely thriving and the rest was all dried up. The soil pot had tape on it so it would not Spill out. But what about it drying out? Also the plant was delivered a day late and when I tracked it, it had traveled a long way to get here - couldn't understand it. Got a refund but was sorely disappointed as it was a surprise present for my mom.
We bought the weights for the umbrella for an additional 100$. It still was not stable with any wind so we added four huge patio pavers to the weights to try to hold it down. After about 2 weeks the umbrella had still blown over a few times in rain and wind. The umbrella no longer will go up and down using the crank. I'd say if you live in an area with no wind, this would be a lovely purchase. Otherwise, it's not stable and not sturdy at all. We will be throwing ours in the trash and buying a more sturdy model.
This box was not handled well by UPS. The log splitter had 4 bolts broken off, the plastic case for the power button was broken in several places and the end caps were damaged as well. The driver placed it on my lawn by the front door instead in front of the garage were I would be obviously using it; not in my kitchen. I heard UPS drivers are in a dispute over the weight of packages they deliver and I think the way it was handled was intentional. FedEx is a much better company in my experience.
The plastic attachment shredded when I tried to attach to the water spigot. Unusable.
Got the wrong size sent back 2 weeks ago and still no refund
This is more for the fact that the product showed up missing a key piece...the O-ring that goes under the cap. Really frustrating when you spend money on something and they can't get all the parts inside. I'm sure it will work once i go and get an O-ring but the fact that i couldn't complete installation frustrates the you know what out of me.
Let me start by saying I am not the one who bought this product I almost did but I returned it I am glad I did my neighbor bought 1 because it was cheap but this is the biggest piece of garbage there is I bought it to cover his boat for a temporary solution but more than 5 hours Do not buy this product even if somebody had a gun to your head
It does not rotate as intended. Fail!
I'm returning this item. The food gets wet and clogs up the openings so the new food can't come out. There's no way to open and clean. Also, the solar light is super low and only lights up a small portion of the feeder. Poor product design although the feeder itself is pretty.
0 stars all junk wast of money. Took a month to get it any only received a spark plugs and an oil filter. Don't make the same mistake I did........
Too difficult to assemble
My gardener installed these valves and they do not work!! They will not start even thought they were programmed. You hear water run continuesly, which there should be no water sound when the valve is off.
Arrive mushy never recovered.
Do not buy...inaccurate description and you cannot return it. Don't know how natural it is
Not good product, used twice and one wheel broke and one bolt broke off another
The lights looked great, while they lasted. They quit working after 1st night.
I'm really disappointed I thought maybe a half dozen of these hoses over the last 20 years I replace them every couple years this one is hard as a rock and it's not even a month old I don't get it I've had them gets stiff after a couple years but this one is almost brand new and it's so stiff that I'm starting to wonder if it contributed to Breaking the regulator arm on my BBQ....... I was going to give it one star but I went ahead and gave it a second star because it might be right for some people who use it on something that never moves just changing the tank can become a huge challenge when the hose this stiff
I purchased this product to repel crickets. I guess it would be a good value, if it worked. But it doesn't appear to doing what I'd hoped it would do. The crickets are winning, and I'm going batty.
This netting is junk. Not near as large as advertised. Tangled up so bad you'll work for an hour just to find out it's to small for the job.
I returned it , could not get it to work.
When the umbrella is open it is constantly wobbly. I have to keep the umbrella closed unless I am outside with it. It appears as if it will fly off.
Doesn't have 500 seeds in the packs as advertised, a complete RIP-OFF! You will be lucky to get 100 seeds in a pack.
The last week of May, I sent my wrought iron patio umbrella table and four chairs to be sand-blasted and powder coated. On June 1st I ordered a Trademark Innovations deluxe solar powered LED patio umbrella, 7' with scalloped edge. The shipment arrived in a timely manner, but I did not open the packaging until the patio set was delivered on August 8th. That is when I found the top solar panel was shattered. I contacted Amazon and asked to get in touch with the Vendor so I could order a replacement solar panel. No response from Amazon or the Vendor. If someone knows how I can order a replacement solar panel, please let me know. When I discovered the panel was shattered, it was well past any return time period. I don't want to return it ... I WANT TO PURCHASE ANOTHER ONE!!!
We had an armadillo tearing up our flower bed, I bought this in hopes of it deterring the armadillo. It did not help, he still comes nightly. I tried different settings, but nothing worked.
The quality of fabric is the worst!!! I would never never purchase that cheap materials!!!!
I installed the carburetor and gas leaked everywhere! It was leaking around the gas filler tube, and the gas lines going into the gas tank also leaked. I tried to use it anyway, the string trimmer started but would not idle down in spite of any adjustments made! I ended up putting the old carburetor back, robbing the primer bulb and air filter off the new one, and the trimmer now runs fine. Of course I cannot return this piece of junk because I robbed parts from it.
It would have been much faster to get the flowers delivered myself. Still have not received these flowers!
This did not work at all for me , so disappointed.
Really horrible.. Already discolored and ripping. Would not buy again.
The bottom warps as soon as it gets hot preventing it to drain properly.
Product lasted 40 days - ten days after return was possible. Would not purchase again! Would have given it zero stars if I could!
This Air Pillow deflated within the first 24 hours of placing it in the pool. Since our pool is already covered and winterized, we will need to wait till Spring to retrieve it.
Ordered two of these and one arrive without the self watering disc. It had been clearly shipped incomplete.
Bought this in oct 2017; it was kept in a cabinet. Got to use it 1.5 summers until the other day (August 2019) it blew water at the faucet attachment. So it did not hold up at all.
Title assumes it includes 2 traps.. It's one. Change that please. Seems misleading.
Applied twice and did nothing!
I bought 4 of these before we had our freezing cold front come through Houston, TX. All of my plants that I wrapped with this jacket died. All of the plants I wrapped with a normal tarp you can find anywhere lived. I lost over $400.00 in plants because this product failed to do as described. I will be returning. Save your money and just buy a tarp, it will provide much better protection than these.
This is definitely not for cactus or succulents. If you want dead plants, use this! Falsely labeled, and customer service is nonexistent. I called them, they ignored.
In less than a month this sprinklers gears seized up and wouldn't oscillate. Not recommended.
It took forever to arrive. I opened and there was a hole in the net. Returning!
This product was so weak that it wouldn't even kill the damn flies all it would do is knock them out for a couple of seconds just for them to get up and fly away I highly recommend you do not waste your money on this product
Low grade stainless steel
If I could give this no stars I would. The first time I attempted to use it it fell apart. I put it back together and that it leaked all over the place just now in the trash along with the money I spent for it don't buy it it is garbage and that's exactly where it is right now
Super annoying to open up the Weber box and find a King Kong brand cover with a huge red label that we definitely didn't want on our deck. Will return.
Don't waste your money first one worked one day second one only work 2 days
I hate to give a bad review, but this thing didn't get one flea.... I used it overnight for about 5 nights in different spots as well, but known spots that I know I have had problems with fleas, and not one was attracted to this. I wasted my money on this approach toward helping me get rid of my flea problem :(
Carpenter ants just walk around it.
If I could give it zero stars, I would. I used this once in light rain and the fabric tore. There is no way to contact the seller to resolve the issue. What a waste of money.
The product is a waste of money. It does not work. I returned it and got my refund. Don't even bother!
I ordered some of these in May '19. They came assembled, had metal grommets and worked great. I ordered them again in July '19 and they changed the design. They came unassembled with no instructions and yellow plastic grommets. The new version is total garbage. The new design will NOT spin unless exposed to gale force winds (which they won't hold up to like the original version). The positive reviews and images of this product are for the original design. If you do order this item and they arrive in a box assembled, congratulations you won the lottery. However, if you order this product and they arrive in a bag of a thousand pieces... return them immediately (there is no point to a pin wheel that does not spin).
Wish I had good news.... Didn't get any germination from these seeds.
I bought this because it was really fun to watch. At least until some of the ficus leaves fell off. It was no longer fun to watch a lopsided no spin. For the money that this cost, I thought it would last a little longer than a couple of months. Not very happy about this, and the return time has expired.
Solar panel kept everything charged. Within 4 days only one light was working. I made sure everything was tight. Would not buy again.
hole in bottom. will not blow up or hold air. just received this yesterday and set up today. it's a defective product. 😭
The fact this didn't come with the mower makes me angry.
Was working until a windy night straight blew it off into the night sky. Checked the street and neighbors, nothing...got the smaller version and so far so good.
Product worked 3 months. Starts and cuts out. Told it should be under warranty by Hayward. Purchased through Amazon Services. Amazon Services can not be contacted and we are referred to Hayward. Horrible customer service and Hayward is even worse. So far it's been about a week, hung up on 5 times. About 6 hours of hold time. Received a generic email. In Ground Pool turning into a Mosquito Health Issue. Worst support I have ever experienced would not recommend or ever purchase again. In all my years with Amazon, I never would have thought that they wouldn't be part of the solution. Run fast and run far.
Lots of web articles on getting a bird of prey for duck control. So I did. Have had for three days. Three days have had ducks return. Today, duck was about 8' away. I walked up to the owl decoy, had to walk up within 2' of it to activate motion sensor by waving my arms a lot, it made the sound it is supposed to...duck looked at me...as if to say..."what is that all about?" I had to chase the duck off into flight. Following instructions, mounting on pole 5' above ground, makes motion sensor does not work at ground level. Grandkids love it though...it attracts them like crazy.
Unfortunately the item was shipped with a part missing and the manufacturer NOBLE HOUSE HOME FURNISHINGS will not assist in replacing the piece, so basically it can't be put together. They will not help any customer who purchases off amazon. Very disappointing
Used the hose 3 times and it burst open in the center or the third use.
doesn't kill bugs even on the deck let alone 1 acer!
Wrong size for what it says works with this base & seller would not even do an exchange for us. Plus-the metal is lightweight & weak. Tips easily.
Killed my gorgeous grass. Burt it
The description says it doesn't come with WEIGHTS - does not mention anything about a base. I would not know that they mean for "weights" to describe the base. The umbrella will not stand without the separate purchase of a weight - so this is useless sold as is. The picture shows it with a base so obviously any normal person would think it comes with that. In the Q&A portion someone says the base has to be filled with sand - to me that means it's weighted down. I was so pissed and of course there's nothing I can do but spend another $150 on a stand. I'm having this issue more and more frequently on Amazon where they don't give you a correct description, don't match the pictures shown, and use tricky wording.
was torn before I got it out of the package. This isn't a flag, it's plastic
Don't buy this. It won't connect to anything because the picture shows a two-inch golden connector and the product has a 1 inch silver connector that won't connect to anything.
These are terrible, they are cheap and a waste of money.
Doesn't work very well. Hardly catches any insects even on high setting.
I am editing my original review of this product. While it was easy to put together, the overall quality is lacking. All it takes is a 20-30 mile-per-hour gust of wind to blow down the stable portion. The individual characters of Mary, Joseph, and the craddle are sturdy, I've had to piece together the stable sections twice since placing it out on our lawn (one of the corner fasteners has broken). I'm only hoping it lasts the season.
I just unpacked it to use it for the first time and it was cracked. So yea that is a major bummer.
Hard to put together without getting stuck to it.
THE QUALITY OF THIS PRODUCT IS POOR
I did not recieve this Order. I canceled it. I. Never got it
one bump and all the line comes spinning out. Pretty much useless.
Have not received my order yet
Procduct was supposedly running, but it wasn't strong enough to pull in any mosquitos.
After its first use it broke. Under the metal disc is a metal hex head bolt that is recessed is plastic. The plastic just kept stripping and getting torn up instead of loosening the hex head bolt to remove the spool. Junk. I would not even recommend this to the person that flipped me off in traffic last week and then threw a quarter at my car.
Arrived in poor condition. Plant was dead. Seller replaced item but the 2nd one was in same condition. Purchased as a gift and was very embarrassed. Don't buy this! Looks NOTHING like the picture.
Seeds were not succulents, but weeds
Not 1 single seed came up out of all those seeds. Not even a little sprout started. Very disappointed.
I was very disappointed by the quality of this flag after seeing how highly rated it was. The big problem was that it arrived with one of the grommets already halfway detached. As soon as the wind blows, the grommet will likely rip off entirely. Also, the fabric was so thin it was nearly see through, but for the price the fabric weight wasn't really surprising. Plus there was some type of glue or something dripped across the stars.
This compost was shipped with missing part BIZ which is a latch that holds door closed. I called customer support and they said they would send in mail. One month later and I still don't have part. I have emailed customer service twice with no response. I can't not use compost because I can't tumble. Beware!!!!
The product arrived in an opened package that had the top cut off and had been stapled back together. It did not have any instructions or other paperwork with it. It appeared to have been a previously returned item from another customer. We were not satisfied and returned the product.
They could never get me the right one. They told me it's because lows dose not keep track of what items are sold and the replacements for them
not very good product. I tossed it
Adhesive is bad. I can't stick to anywhere. Lights quit working in five days. So bad.Don't recommend to anyone.
To begin, the spindle housing was not threaded. Luckily I had tap and die set and was able to thread the housing myself. While using the mower for the 3rd time since installing, the spindle began vibrating. The blade spins freely without the belt which tells me the internals of the spindle is junk. Will be buying OE parts from now on
Fan works but heating element does not work. Exchanging for another but if it doesn't work I will buy a different brand. A very disappointing gift to give a friend.
Never received my order. Scam!!!!
Cute but no matter how we screwed the pieces together it was crooked. Looked ridiculous.
I haven't used the product yet. The product leaked and not it arrived half empty plus the instructions on the label were gone because of the leak. Can't find a way to get ahold of the seller. It arrived early, but half of the product was on the packaging when I opened the envelope it came in.
This didn't work well at all, don't waste your money
did not look like the picture at all, very cheap glass a liability to hang if you ask me
The pull completely broke off the first time it was used.
Not sure if they work or not ? I've had pest control spray home and used this device but there still around most be mutation roaches?
It really didn't look like 100 seeds and none of them came up. Very disappointed. For the price you would think every one would come up.
These things are worthless. The water runs out in a day or two.
The shipping is fast but when I just turned it on the bulb is half working (the other bulb is not working at all) I thought I had to "warm it up", then later I went to our living room to checked it, it's not working at all. I think I will just return it.
Was supposed to receive my umbrella on Tuesday, it's now Thursday and no umbrella. The tracking info has not been updated since Saturday. Saturday it was in Philly, thats only 1.5 hours away....where did the umbrella go and why isn't the tracking updated? Very frustrated!
There is nothing on the package that says this is actually a surge protector. I'm returning it and getting a real one.
This was plastic junk. It didn't last a month.
This thing is a complete waste of money. I came home yesterday after two months away. Last evening I heard a bird walking around in my ceiling and the device siren sounding. This morning I went up to investigate and found a pigeon in its nest with two eggs about twelve inches behind the device. Zero stars if that was an option.
The remote doesn't respond to the leds
So much for Prime Two day shipping been four days and still don't have my item yet!!!!
The hose is long enough to reach outside the garage so I do not have to keep emptying the bucket in the dehumidifier. I hooked it up according to the instructions but it has leaked from day one. I have taken it off and and turned the dehumidifier off for a day and then put the hose back on. No matter what I do the hose continues to leak and there is always a puddle of water inside the garage.
This product did not fit my Greenworks 80 volt string trimmer at all. It was way too big. I would return it, but I'm just going to take the string off and use that instead. Stay far away from this if you think you'll be able to pop it right on. It does NOT FIT A GREENWORKS 80V TRIMMER!!!!!
Wouldn't stay on my shoes no matter what i tried!
First time use and one row of LED lights don't work. I'll have to see if I can get a replacement.
I ordered these and one week later, the rain came and the ants moved in. Plus, I saw more bugs after I plugged the devices in than what I was seeing before. I end up buying some pesticide to take care of the problem. Maybe the frequency wasn't high enough because with my dog hearing, I expected to hear the noise that should have emitted from the devices. Nothing. I just ran up my electric bill.
Very poor quality, at under 7 dollars I guess I may have been expecting a little much.
Not worth it. Very narrow and uncomfortable. But the ice chest part is cool
This item was horrible, at first installation there was no ignition and after a week it wouldn't even make the clicking sound to attempt to lite the grill.
I didn't catch one mosquito with this. By the time I was done testing, my return window had passed. In my opinion the fan is just too weak to be of any good. Also this is not a Bug Zapper. It is a blue light that attracts the mosquitoes and then supposedly sucks them in and kills them through dehydration. Now if you were looking for a little white noise and a pleasant blue light to put you to sleep, you might want to get this.
This product does not work. I've had it in my home for one month and the mice are still running around. This product is ineffective. A waste of money.
Bought this item in September and it has quit working
Did not work to clean siding or driveway. This is what I bought it for.
I bought these exactly 3 weeks ago, and three of them already quit working. Not sure what to do, I guess I'm going to have to buy a complete other set and throw these in the trash because why buy another set of these and then have more of them go out and then have to do the same thing again and buy new ones of a new kind. So if I were you I would spring the few extra dollars and buy a nicer set because these are really terrible!
Box came banged up. Whatever cut off the box, filter NOT SECURED in box (flopping side to side) scraping on the bottom, NOT TO MENTION, MANUFACTURER DATE WAS OVER A YEAR AND 1/2 OLD.....
DO NOT PURCHASE. Incredibly poor nozzle design and nearly impossible to hold the gate open while you're pouring gas. A six-year-old kid could have engineered a better design. Do not buy this gas can.
I bought many of these packages but this time it came covered in ants trying to determine whether to return it and see what the company will do or if I should just toss it out because I don't think I can mail it with ants all over it
Like some reviewers who complained about the bottom cracking, ours has also developed cracks, many of them. I'm trying to patch them but it is a challenge. No way can I recommend this unit. Should have asked for my money back.
The flag stand we got is a piece of JUNK. It is the worst thing I HAVE EVER ORDERED ON Amazon.... ever. Passing on to friend's not to order it.
Lasted 30 min then started to wobble.
This pump does not work in ponds. It has to be cleaned every few hours to keep the flow up. Even with caging and extra filter around it, it still clogs.
Was not water proof, leaving rust stains on the griddle top. 😡
Came with nothing. Just the detector in a plain box. You'd think for $50 it came with a case!!!
They never came. Please don't order from this company. It's in China and may be a scam since the price is small.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT, LEAKS AND WE LOST ONE FULL BOTTLE OF HUMMINGBIRD FOOD, GLUED IT ALL THE WAY AROUND AND IT LEAKED AGAIN, RUINED MY BENCH CUSHIONS AND FENCE. SAVE YOUR MONEY
The clips are not strong enough to hold solar cover. There were no instructions on how to use the straps.
Sent them back. They were broke when I received them.
Had this product under my bed frame legs for 4 weeks. Only saw one bed bug in the trap. Probably killed 20 in the actual bed. Did not work. I threw them away.
The mice avoid coming into the cage no matter what bait I use. I even tried to leave a trail of bait leading to the trigger mechanism. The mouse at everything except for the bait on the trigger.
Should have believed the other 1 star reviews. Worked for about 8 months and now won't hold a charge or connect to Bluetooth. Very disappointed.
Terrible. Lights didn't work. It's super short. There were no instructions. I will be returning
I never received results from the test, even though I followed instructions meticulously and mailed the kit as instructed. Wasted money.
This part failed and began to leak after only about 2 uses. My original regulator lasted over 3 years, this one, being a Weber part, I assumed would last as well, apparently not. I have contacted Weber and will see what their response is.
It broke...I went to return and it is 2 days past the month for return date...only used 3-4 times and the pole already broke...pretty sad quality...
Useless. Does not hold amazon basics 9' high enough above ground. My ass drags the ground
same ants even after ive spread 2 all over my house. dont buy it.
This pool is not easy to set up. Be aware that you must make sure the ground is completely level. (Which we did). However due to tears in the seams the pool didn't hold water
This product was a waist of money. Did not work as advertised. Will say hand sowed seeds and covered with straw they did grow. There is nothing hydro seeding about this.
Looks good but they are so restrictive when open they will cause a no fuel problem. has happened on 2 mowers and a small tractor till i figured out it was these.
I cancelled this purchase!!
I used it 6 times and it failed. The tank connection leaks like a sieve and is now useless. Now I can't use my grill the rest of my camping trip. Very disappointing. I got a second one and now it has failed the same way after 6 or 7 uses. I wish I could give a negative 5 star review!
I purchased 8 36-Inch English Horse Trough Planters to hang on my deck in the spring of 2018. I pulled them off the deck and stored them for the winter. I was planning to rehang them this weekend only to find out that all 8 of them had really bad rust damage and required sanding and repainting before I could use them again. I spent the entire weekend cleaning, sanding and repainting these planters and they still look rusty and damaged. I am really unhappy with the quality of these planters, they are clearly not made for outdoor use.
Sadly I received my package of one pound of cilantro seeds and the bag had a good sized hole in it. I noticed a few seeds in the box, but didn't think much about it. Until I stood the bag up and lifted it out of the box and seed started spilling out...also, the seed has a germination date dated in 2016. We are in 2018. My guess is that will have reduced the germination rate on its own, but having a hole in the bag would also lead to a less than optimal storage environment. I have requested a refund and will send them back per amazons instruction.
Hose connection broke while I was screwing it onto a faucet for the first time. Never go to use it because it was such poor quality. Don't waste your money or time on this one.
Returned - didn't turn on
The large planter was the one I wanted the most and it was broken. The smallest one was cracked. The one that actually made it through shipping is cute.
I ordered the 20 pound tank and received a 5 pound tank, was trying to get before camping trip now have to use what came. Not happy at all with order service.
This item was mislabeled and the wrong item was sent to me twice. After taking the time to repackage and return the two wrong items I gave up. Amazon usually gets it right but this was a total failure of customer service and delivery.
The plant actually arrive dead and damaged I don't want a refund I just want a new plant
Product never arrived. Tracking says it went to WA state and not VA. No response from seller, I tried three times. Filing a claim for return. Not sure how this works but I want my money back and I'll buy it from someone else. Obviously a devious seller. Unfortunate.
Once it rain, it sag and the water stays on top.
I bought 2 of them at first they was fake dust. Truly only dirt in the seed package. Later I recieved 1 package of seeds. I bought 2 with a note. I haven't grown them yet. After the 2 first packages I hope a tree will grow. They still owe me one more package of tree seeds. I don't trust them.
Had to return unit and pay for shipping. Got a refund but after paying for shipping my refund was a bbn out 2 bucks.
Of all the seeds we got only 6 sprouted. 5 of them died off quickly. Only 1 is left 3 month's later. Followed the directions to a T.
It fell apart the first day it was used
Picture shows metal but I was sent plastic. I already had a plastic one. The end broke off during first use. I'll be returning this one before it breaks.
This product is horrible. Out of the box it was unstitched on one side of the umbrella. Not a big deal in comparison to the other problems but still a bad start. The mechanism that locks the umbrella in the upright position was cracking and falling apart in less than 6 months. The base isn't sturdy at all and has bended on the side with more of the weight on it which means that the umbrella is leaning forward in that direction. As time has gone on the stitching on the other sides of the umbrella have also started to come undone.
Did not work used it for two weeks didnt catch a single fly, even though there were tons flying around. Then it broke
I am still waiting for the hose connector. I just received the wrong part in the mail. It has been over a month since I bought this machine for a project I wanted to complete a a month ago.
Never delivered they refunded the money though
I never rec'd this bracelet and other jewelry sets that I paid for,
Cheap, not only on price but quality. 5 leaked fuel immediately (from the bottom of the fuel container), 4 burned out within 10 minutes, even though the wick was saturated with fuel. Only 3 burned more than an hour. I had them out for ambiance for a big party. What a disappointment.
This product is not high quality. The clips constantly fall off, and they are not super easy to get on in the first place. Without the clips, this reel is useless. I also reached out to the seller for assistance with this issue, and they were unwilling to help. Save your money.
Previously, I was able to buy this great product at Costco. They no longer had it so I ordered from this seller. As a Prime member, the product was to arrive within 2 days. It didn't. When it DID arrive, half the product was spilled in the box, making an interesting mess with which to deal. It was packed in a small box with a wisp of plastic protective wrap. Seriously, seller, since this has happened to some of your other customers, how about wrapping the 8 pound package securely so that your customers are able to actually USE it!?! And with our winter of ice and snow, I now have no pet-friendly salt to use until the 20-pound bag of the same thing arrives from a different seller.
The lamps seem to work, but they do not include a timer. Amazon & the seller should correct this false advertising.
Not a single seed germinated?!
Brought this product and did a seed test before planting them. For those that don't know what a seed test is. It's when you put the seeds in a cup of water over night and if the seeds sink they are good if they float they are to old and dead . Well all my seeds floated which means they have been sitting in the W/house to long and are no good. .........Update it's been a few months I still decided to plant the seeds and see if they would grow vs another company I planted seeds also at same time. These seeds never grew I was able to grow 12 from the other company.
Installed on riding lawn mower, 2 front wheels. Install OK. Start 2nd time cutting of grass, one bearing broke apart. Third time cutting of grass, two more bearings broke apart. Went back to original bushing bearings. Will not hold up on riding lawn mower
Very sturdy but the design is faulty. The door is so light it will not lock when the trap is sprung. The Havahart design is much better. I have a large animal trap by Havahart that works very well.
I sent the pool to my daughter for my grandchildren, and the pump stop working, now she is unable to use the pool cause the pump is not cleaning the water the entire pool is green
Unfortunately, it arrived damaged. It was to be used on a camping trip this weekend. Now I have to drive over an hour one way to a UPS store to return it. Hopefully when the replacement arrives I can provide a good review. So disappointed.
I used this about 4 times in the last few months. It no longer even charges. It worked great before that but not worth the money unless they can fix the charging problem
The plant never grew and the bulb rotted. I grew 10 other elephant ears perfectly.
If I could give negative stars I would. Product had to be assembled hole had to drilled used it once all the screws fell out! Returning was a nightmare finding a big enough box to return then took over a week for refund to issue. Avoid at all costs
these lights worked as advertised for about 6 months, then when we put them up again this year, they never stay in the on fixed on mode. we put them in the fixed on mode, and in a couple of minutes, they go back to blinking. Frustrated.
Only lasted about a year. The rubber inside became brittle and sprung leaks at either end. I was able to repair the leaks at the ends. It has now sprung a leak in the middle, so it's going into the trash. Look for another brand.
I purchased many floats. This one has a hole in it.
I'm so sad this was a great hose. I have bought 4 so far for me in my garden and two for my disabled dad who needed a light hose. And of course the one I got him blew our within a month of him having it. I liked this hose because it was higher weight it retracted when the water was out of the hose and it was very easy to store we kept it in a pot under our porch in all day full shade and it still popped and I'm not even sure why. I'm hoping this one was just a lemon I am returning it tomorrow but I'm bummed now I have. Half the hose length and worries these others are going to bust like this- what a bummer
The glue holding on the solar panels apparently isn't made to be in the sun... seems like a bad idea for solar lights.
This is a bucket of saw dust, unusable for smoking
very disappointed it only worked twice its a shame
Had two problems...the line did not auto feed and the lights did not work to indicate battery strength. A little confused with the auto feed, in the description it says Semi-auto but in the manual it says the line will automatically replace itself. When it worked it performed well so its a shame I have to return it but I cant see myself stopping to push the advancement button every time the line wears down
Does not work as an effective supplementary watering device.
very cheap looking and arrived broken
This was a nice introduction to LED lighting in our camper van but with only a little use the wimpy connection to the power cable broke. Now we are trying to find a well engineered product. Good luck using the remote. The results vary with its mood, not your choices.
I bought a used one said like new for a couple bucks off. Recieved it and the motor was locked up. Might be a good trimmer just don't buy used.
doesn't work very good... it blinks alot
Indoor and outdoor plant food.
When I receive it was so beat up UPS man took it back man was a glad I ended up buying a Pit Boss 1100 Pro Series I'm very happy
Its cheap for a reason as its of very poor quality. Shop elsewhere is my advice.
Purchased this twice, both broke in under 1 year. The cord snapped in multiple places, and the cloth around the grommets started to rip.
It broke down after one month of my purchase !!, i would like if possible to return and get a refund back.
The design is counter-intuitive. The telescoping pole has a threaded head to screw on an attachment, but the wire basket attachment does not screw on. You affix it over the threaded head with a worm drive clamp. No matter how much I tighten it, the basket slips off as I'm using the fruit picker. Find a fruit picker with a solid attachment to the telescoping pole - I would not buy this again or suggest it to anyone.
This product is a total joke. It's the first time I ever felt like Amazon helped me waste my money. Fool me once... Watch some of the unbiased YouTubes about this stuff. You're better off laying dollar bills on dirt to make it green. False advertising. Give me a refund!
I also, called and was told they would put a heater in the box and they didn't.
Didn't help with mosquitoes
Delivery men left package wrong house have not heard anything from amazon
Inside compartment is so small, only large enough for a few pills.
This did not work or grow at all. I waited and waited, nothing. Wanting a refund
started at 5 for the first season, i went to inflate ot for this fall season and it wont hold air...
The product I received was fine. I did not receive but half of my order. I have sent an email to amazon and the company with no response. Will never order from this company again.
I sprayed on common lawn weeds a week ago and they seem to be thriving not dying. Bad batch...maybe?!
I received without the two stake pieces as many others. Really?!?!
Stopped working after 3rd use.
I'm not sure these aren't expired. They're pale colored and bent as I put them into the soil rather than being stiff. Once in the soil, no noticeable difference in the health of my flowers. On top of that, the instructions on the back consisted of a sticker in Spanish that I could not remove in order to read the English underneath. No offense about providing another language, but I'd like to be able to read my own as well.
Not what I expected. The openings are to small for flies. It only traps tiny bugs. I ordered two in July, and the light in one already burned out. The flimsy plastic covers are extremely difficult to put together, after cleaning. Unfortunately, I just discovered there was a 30 day return policy. So I guess I'm stuck with both .
The fabric is thin and quality is poor.
Did not meet expectations. Material was thin & light was able to shine through it, not providing the sun protection we desired.
Had it on for the last 5 days not on pest is caught
Returned it - bought for indoor houseplants. This unit is HUGE and too hard to use, also hard to read (get out a magnifying glass, you'll need it). For outdoor gardens only and I hope you eyesight is better than mine.
Does not cover area as quoted.
This was highly disappointing. When i first received it...i pull the string and it went back in. I put on the machine and pull the string once and it sound like something just broke off in it...it would not pull the string in. Took it off and try again and it would not pull back...sound like the spring broke and came apart...remember, one pull...that sucks. This product does not have a screw to try resetting the coil. This is ashame. Waste on money.
Sorry, but this is not a safe enclosure for our chickens. A mongoose (which we have plenty of here) can easily get underneath and grab one. We decided that they are safer roaming free. We tried to send it back, but they did not want it. Only refunded the price for the product and we had to carry the shipping.
I don't see how these can be made of stainless steel
The cheap pressure hose out of the box had a kink in it so there for it has no pressure. Do not recommend
I don't see any changes with this.. I still have insects around.. N i had this for 2 months ..
came damaged , had to return it. very disappointed
I ordered this March 4th and haven't heard a thing since . 1 star is 1 to many .
Got felco 2s instead of 8s like I paid for.
It was a piece of junk
No pressure, not a great hose for anything!!
Box and Gnome came broken and they wouldn't allow me to return or exchange it.
Bought this hose thinking it will be a long time before a need to get a replacement for it. After about 3 months of using it sparingly (like 3 times a week to water plants), it has sprung a leak which i don't know if it can be fixed. I've had rubber hoses lasts 4 times longer than this one. Very disappointed and would caution anyone from purchasing this item.
Never received them . Very disappointed !!!!!
This tent was affordable but I was disappointed overall. Setting it up was fairly easy at first but I found myself struggling to finish securing the canopy portion. The tent blew over in about a 10-15 mph breeze and one of the metal supports snapped, even though I staked down each corner of the tent. I wish I'd bought weights. Next time I will pay more for a more durable tent.
I bought 4 pillows; the material is thin and cheap. They feel like felt instead of fabric. Terrible buy. The pillow is a very cheap as well.
Doesn't stand by its self. And the paint on the nose is worse off. Very cheap for the money I spent.
the stand broke within 10 seconds. absolute garbage.
I am not sure if this product is working, i have used for two nights and there are no bugs trapped on the sticky board...maybe my home is pest free of flying bugs!
the seller wanted me to pay for shipping again to return.came with half of the plant dead
Nothing sprouted at all.
Did not work i have a second will update
Garbage. I bought one of these after reading the reviews, assuming it may be hit or miss. Instructions came on 5x5 piece of paper, barely legible and in badly broken English. The plug was not polarized and would not stay in a wall plug or extension cord. Would not charge. What I was able to understand from the warnings was that this was more of an indoor device and not to be used outdoors as advertised. Refund was quick.
They did not germinate. I have tossed the remaining seeds
Crushed upon delivery. I contacted the seller and did not receive a reply. Should have packaged it better instead of just slapping a label on it.
After ten months of use the cart-hose connector broke off, I bought one for me and one for my sister, both of them same problem, I do not recommend this product.
It's been 2 months and the Packages never came and to make matters worse they do not cancel over even hour after you order it .Don't waste you time ordering this shit from this company because you won't get it .. smh
Sewed 200 seeds with only 9 of which sprouted.
Not happy with my purchase.Their cute and all but they dont hold a charge. After sitting in the sun all day or two days, were talking minutes that they stay on.Big disappointment .
I have used this product many times with success. This time they arrived with the packaging all defrosted, wasn't cold at all. I put them in the fridge for 2 hours then put them out. They were all dead. Needs better packaging.
Assembly was a pain and time consuming... hoses blow off under pressure. Where it attaches to hose the y connector leaks no matter what I do even with Teflon tape.
bought this for ants and it s worthless, does not get rid of ants at all.
A big wheel fell off within 5 minutes of pulling this on the sidewalk, not even the beach! Then while heading off the beach one of the front wheels broke off so I think this was actually in use for less than 20 minutes and had to be thrown out.
Did no help at all!!
Never arrived. Don't order here.
My product never worked. The gun that came with the foamer was broken.
Look elsewhere unless you intend on replacing your cushions after 1 week. These cushions are indoor cushions and will stain and mildew even if not exposed to direct elements. We kept ours in a covered outdoor area and has never been exposed to the elements. The couch looks like it has been sitting out on the curb waiting for the garbage truck to pick it up after being submerged in sewage for a month. These are that bad. We couldn't remove any stains no matter what we tried. What made it worse the supplier was completely unhelpful and unresponsive. Don't waste your money.
This discoloration was all around this cover. More discoloration than not. I requested a new one. Perhaps they should look at it before they send me a new one.
We had to return so many of these once the rain comes they quit working!
Does not have groves like the one pictured and therefore does not clean well
Didn't grow, very dissatisfied. Not even one, planted all seeds
Products was damaged.
This item was bent up when I opened it instructions really sucked I am returning this item I was very disappointed in this product
Didn't receive marshmallow roasting sticks, instead received jewelry
Absolutely worthless. I put 2 of these on a main runway that moles were using in my yard for almost a month. The moles continue burrowing up to the spikes, mounding dirt up all around the spikes and continue down the trail. I pack all the dirt back down level and they do the same thing the next day. Also the spike cap cones on the end come off every time you want to move them for mowing or relocation so you have to dig that out of the ground to put it back on the end to poke it back in the ground again.
Don't fix in 1 inch pipe, waste my money!
Used this on a small water pump for an aquarium. Lasted a few minutes then the potentiometer was either on or off. Rocker switch manipulates either full on/off or variable. Variable quit working. Chinese junk.
The quality of this 60V line of batteries is incredibly poor. For the price I would expect these to last at least a year, but within months of light use I have had 2 of them stop taking a charge. I do not recommend getting into the 60V line of Black & Decker products until they sort out their battery problem. I'll be reaching out to their support line, and will update this review if I have a positive experience, but I would still recommend staying away from the 60V line.
It doesn't work. Also, product information online does not specify that unit must be plugged into floor outlets of which I have none in my kitchen.
Well product came in on time. It was a pain to install especially when they send you stuff that has missing parts. Called customer service the day of knowing we had a missing part, they assured us they would send out the replacement part. Almost one month later and yet nothing. Don't order unless you wanna deal with it not functioning correctly because you have parts missing along side horrible customer service.
Wanted to like this item, but they didn't work for us. Glad we brought regular bug spray as back up or we would have been miserable.
I purchased this and it fails to lock tight so I can never achieve any desired length without it sliding. Because it slides, it can pinch and hurt your hand ... hurting your hand. Do Not make this mistake. Buy a pole that you can return and replace easily from a local retailer.
Received a bubble wrap package in the mailbox open with nothing in it. Reported this to Amazon and got efficient help in taking care of this issue.
They sent cable without control switch supposed to be a kit cable and switch very dissatisfied
The rats ate through the plastic, got the peanut butter and left the trap. Lol! I was shocked!!! The whole piece the had the peanut butter in was gone. They ate it all. I ended up possibly making it worse by giving them food. I had to call and exterminator that cost me a ton of money. 😭😭😭
Not happy with product
The grill is perfect; the FREE assembly promised was non-existent. Our daughter spent over 4 hours assembling this grill, which was her Christmas gift. We ordered from Amazon because it seemed to be the solution for out of state delivery; if you order for the same reason, be sure to get the name of the local retail vendor and follow-up before the delivery date to insure assembled product.
Lights never worked, tried every way I could. Company refused to take them back! Bogus product!
You need to wait for ages and may be you'll get.
I bought this specifically for use at the beach. It does not roll at all on the sand. It is advertised as a wagon for the beach, it is not.
False advertising Picture showed plants not seeds
This light worked great at first. Its been less than a year and over half of the LEDs are out. I contacted the seller a month ago and have heard nothing. You're better off spending more on a real grow light.
Worked great for 2 months then it just quit spraying. Of course I can't return it anymore. My advice: Do NOT buy this!
How the H do I know so soon after the purchase and after charging for two days just now today pushed into the ground ask me in 6 months and maybe by then I can give you an honest and correct assessment of the product. Honestly you people are a joke asking these questions right after the order is placed! Idiots !
Doesn't come on if even a little light hits the top. So full moon, or a patio light 12 feet away is enough to turn the thing off
The net did not last even one week before ripping. A complete waste of money. The worst product!
So I literally used these just to pick up some rocks and wood in the backyard. After taking them on and off about ten times one of the fingers got a hole in them. These are not good gloves do not buy them.
Do not buy this product. They ship the stand inside of the barrow and it can't be removed. Call the maker and I was told to fill with hot water. That would be at least 40 Gal's! Or try soapy water. Then I was told to try putting it out in the sun upside down and it may "pop out". It became apparent that the customer serves rep knew all about the problem with this item. Obviously this is not the first time they have had some one call about this problem. IF they know there is a problem why have they not fixed it? What else are they not fixing?
This item sucks figuratively because it does not suck literally. It just does not work. It moves things around int the bottom of the pool without picking them up. I do not recommend this item.
I tried multiple methods to get these to sprout and not a single one would. I am a decently skilled gardener, and I haven't heard of bamboo being difficult to grow. Not sure what is up.
Already has a hole after about 5 uses. I would not purchase. I still own a pocket hose ( name brand) and have had for two years.... learned it is best to buy the name brand and spend a little more.
I ordered this and it never came. Ended up having to request a refund. Bummer!
Very disappointed with this purchase. We paid a higher price to get a good, stainless ball and the color faded in partial shade is less than 6 months. I do not recommend this item!
Stopped working after one year. No support to service it. Super disappointed given how expensive this was.
it raised the temp of my starter tray to 104 degrees F killed my peppers and tomatoes I am not happy or impressed by this product
Amazon needs to follow-up on this vendor, no instructions included. Will never again purchase from this vendor. That's what I get from buying cheap stuff.
Looks nice until they tarnished after three weeks.
Gas started leaking from Right where the valve meets the hose (from underneath the aluminum sheath) .. I had this product for ONLY 6 months. The hose construction still looks good , no cracks or anyting .. but waht good is it it is leaking at the joint to the valve. I am a firm believer of chaning the hose every year .. but this one really ticked me off .. I think I will stick to Lowes instead going forward
Cheap. Broke immediately when I sat in it ... and I am not a large person. Don't waste your $$.
Nice size, but the lid doesn't close very tightly and the bottom has already cracked.
I'm very frustrated as there was no wheel kit included when there was supposed to be! Now I'm searching everywhere to find one...
I order 2 pack total of 4 fairy lights. And only 2 works. Such a big disappointment as I wanted to use them for all 3 of my kids costumes.
The Velcro straps do not line up. Not even close. They completely pass over the receiving end. If I were to Velcro them there would be about a foot of slack in the strap, which means these weighted bags do not tightly wrap the leg of the tent. Extremely poor design. Look elsewhere.
As soon as I used it one time the water sprayer came off it's very lightweight but as soon as the water came through the hose the fabric part separated from the nozzle and now it's broken
The quality is very poor and is not 3000PSI Wast of money RIP OFF
This chair feels cheap compared to the older one we have, which is over 40 years old. The wood feels very light and not very durable. It just doesn't have the solid feel of our d chair. One of the legs split as I was putting the screw in it. It also sits a little funny. It doesn't lean back like the old chair. Our 4 year old refused to use it and makes her 2 year old sit on it. When the 4 year old isn't around the 2 year old uses the old chair.
This does not protect from the rain. My griddle gets wet and rusty with this on.
Purchased a Weber gas BBQ for over $1200 and less than 6 months later the regulator went bad. Bought this replacement which here we are 7 months later and it went bad too. I have lost confidence in the quality of Weber BBQs and likely will be looking elsewhere for my next BBQ.
Still hasn't arrived... ordered two months ago
Was delivered and only rated for 225 lbs. Bought it for my boyfriend but will no be returning it as the product is NOT as stated.
This is definitely not tangle free.
I purchased this product to upgrade our current filter on our above ground pool. Setup was semi easy, followed all instructions and the filter worked well.....for two weeks. Came out to swim and attempted to move the six way valve to backwash. The valve won't budge. I am afraid to force it as it is made of cheap plastic. Customer service is a nightmare to deal with. I was being cheap and trying to save a bit of money on the filter. Save yourself the headache and buy a different brand.
I planted these seeds in January hoping for summer blooms. They germinated under grow lights in about 3 weeks but never got over 1/2 inch tall and died when the "greenhouse" lid was taken off. So very disappointed.
I didnt like that my purchase never arrived. I was not refunded my money. Terrible service, several emails and no response from seller. Does not deserve any stars.
I was really looking forward to growing Stinging Nettles, after I had read about how wonderful of a food source it is but after 3 different plantings I've had nothing come up.
Siding with other customer reviews, the results never match with the color chart. Our family of five has been testing everyday for the last couple weeks, and each time, it involves guess work.
They float. The bag says they don't, but they clearly do. Dusty and dirty.
If you're trying to put together a drip irrigation system, this is NOT what you want. This thing is designed to spew water from the fitting itself, rather than direct all the water into the tubing, which presumably is the whole idea. I have no idea what this thing is supposed to be used for, but it isnt for drip irrigation systems.
This is what I got! A broken product that was returned before and no one even bothered to check or remove the return authorization before sending it out to another costumer. Amazon, you need to do better
I never received it. But I got my refund after two months later I ordered
These are suppose to be outside lites. But twice water got near the transformer and they died. They are now useless and ready for the garbage
Does not work. Fresh Cab was out of stock when I winterized my camper, so I bought Eco Defense. I de-winterized my camper today and found this. Notice dead mouse in mouse trap only a few inches from Eco Defense. I will never buy this product again. Thank God I used mouse traps too!
What a complete piece of trash. The entire design is flawed. I finally decided to upgrade from my old Scotts spreader. I treated myself to something much more expensive. It broke within 30 minutes the first time I took it out of the box. Any sort of clumps will jam it up. If you are putting any force on the unit it will snap the main driver. By the way the main driver is a cheap piece of plastic with tiny gears. I spent 40 dollars to replace the broken parts and took the spreader out again being careful to sift through the fertilizer to make sure that there were no clumps. Guess what? Same result. The driver snapped again. The only thing I can think of is it snapped under the weight of the product in the hopper. The tires are a nice feature. I guess I am going to put them on my old Scotts spreader. It does not work for intended purpose. Find something else.
Terrible!! Installation is not easy and there were no instructions. Purchased in June and just saw that I can't return within 60 days?? This was a joke, don't buy it!!
UPDATE: The seller send out another tent for me, BUT THE WRONG ONE!!! The canopy that initially bought had all the sides included, but the replacement DIDN'T. They answered me very fast! Excellent costumer service, BUT again, sent me the wrong item. I'm contacting them again and HOPEFULLY getting the right item at my door! I'll update this review accordingly. It is hard to believe that this "GREAT" tent didn't pass to the test of a VERY light rain. AND the first rain it ever had. Just hard to believe. First of all and don't get me wrong; this tent is large, beautiful, easy to assemble/disassemble AND very sturdy (Supposed to!) I have this tent for literally 1 month and 1 week without any problem. NONE! Until today after work! Just could not believe when I got back from work I saw half of the tent on the floor. I use the tent to cover some artwork that are in process and some are work that'r done. Luckily, I covered everything that I create for extra security. I have not contacted the company for I REALLY want to give a 5 stars for this product. I want to test their responsibility for this damage, for paying $200 dollars for this product I expected it being able to hold at least a small "glass of water coming from the sky", thing that it didn't. I'm not sure if the product had any problem, and if had, I wasn't aware of. I definitely don't ask for many refund, but for a new tent. When I get the feedback form the seller (hope) I update this review accordingly. For now, if I could give Zero Star I would.
This cover is junk ... I had 4 months and it is dry rotted and ripped all over. Don't waste your money, it disintegrated and only lasted 4 months in mild weather.
Arrived in 2 days -good. Bought one that said "used - good condition" ...debris in basket, corrosion on connection, dent in top, and cap covering electrical loose. Hooked it up ...just hummed loudly did not turn. Removed back cap to reveal broken mount for screw, which was why it was loose, a burn mark above the capacitor and a frozen drive shaft. You would think they would test these before they certify good condition. Amazon customer service was great and arranged for a pick up to return item. Never will buy anything used again that's for sure.
This filter did not work in my system. It clogged up within 24 hours and would not allow water to flow freely. But I will say, the supplier was great and issued a full credit immediately. Thank you for your speedy assistance and being a quality supplier!
I order from Amazon because I want product delivered to my door NOT left in mailbox two blocks away. I could of picked up at local store if I wanted to haul it home.
I have used other moth traps before which worked perfectly. These moth traps did not catch even one moth!
it absolutely did not clean the grill!
Flickers when switch is turned on. Have to unscrew and screw back in each time for the light to work. Bugs used it as a perch
I received these lights and set them up less than a month ago. The first day the sticky backing was already falling off, certain lights where showing the wrong color (red instead of white, green instead of blue). After two weeks the lights have already stopped working. The module itself stopped working and will not light up any of the lights. I strongly suggest ordering a different product and save your money.
Didn't kill the spiders, even when sprayed on direct. Lots of liquid product left in the can and no aerosol pressure to spray it out. Very disappointing.
It didn't come with the seeds. It was supposed to come with 5 different bonsai seeds.
Item was not in box delivered
This product was a real waste of money. It says it is for pools as well as drinking water. Well, I didn't find it useful at all. It definitely does not work for testing pool water because it doesn't tell you the percent or rate of a chemical which is essential to know how much of a chemical to add to get your pool water corrected. It only shows colors if it is OK or not. That means nothing. If PH is like 7.2 it may be OK but it is too low for swimming pools. The same with all of the other chemical readings. I did exactly what the instructions showed but even so the chemicals are so close together that they bleed over onto other measures so you can't even tell if it is okay or not. And when I tested my tap water, it gave readings that are impossible and appear completely unsafe. But it is city water and tested regularly.
after two weeks have the light went out !
Shortly after 1mo the roof started to warp and pull away leaving a gapping hole in the house.
Item was late due to a shipping error. It was then delivered 3 days late to the wrong address in a broken box. The pole was so long I had to take it out of the box to get it in my car. The box was wet and ripped while I was opening it. When I got the pole out, it was bent. I could not extend the pole and no instructions or information were enclosed. I am VERY dissatisfied with this purchase.
Cool but don't work well, at all!
I bought a pair and they arrived died out dead and in very poor condition. Because I am a prime member, I was able to get them replaced.
I never received this item
The stickers do no stay on. After a couple hours they curl up.
Put the unit outside to ward off mosquitos, sat right in front of the unit which had been running for a couple days. Mosquitos had no problems finding me and biting my legs. Doesn't work.
Ordered this before i flowered. Already in week 2 of flower and just noticed they sent me the wrong one..
Item was shipped but never received!
This feeder has a bad design. The feeding holes are low and slanted. If there is any wind in your are, you will end up with sugar water all over the area under the feeder. I bought 3. All 3 had the same problem. I realized this too late and cannot return them so I'm out quite a bit of money. Not a good purchase if you have wind or smaller birds that will perch and swing the feeder
I received this cute, little guy in perfect condition. Wrapped very carefully, and delivered quickly, too. Couldn't be happier. I ordered two more yesterday. 😉 Update: My second order never came. No response back.
This cover is a piece of garbage that after only three days of use is in the garbage. Not water resistant. Actually acts to trap water and moisture under cover creating a Petri dish. I have a mess to clean up. Very disappointed.
Only had a few months and already coming apart, rocking crooked, uncomfortable... too much trouble to take apart, find a box...to ship back
Hard to set spray distance and it broke 2 days after the amazon return period. Horrible product
Not healthy plant at all. Half of leaves are already soft and bad condition. Fell off.
Was excited to try this and it worked great on the first week. Snapped in two on the second week. Extremely disappointed.
Broke down almost immediately. Couldn't handle my typical suburban water pressure? Valves locked open.
The flag that came with the pole is not good quality. The finial was not included with the flagpole, but was indicated to be included. No clips came with the pole so the flag could be attached to the pole. I was very disappointed with this item.
Complete junk... Everything is plastic... The rewind gears are plastic... The only metal on this is the screws and even they suck!
These things suck Run about half the time and when you really need them because you have no power hook up for your camper they will not run in parallel. I bought 2 for them. Both have been in the shop 2 times each and still can not get them to run right. Will take them in to the shop again this week let see what happens .
I really liked the hose because of the light weight and ease of using. Sadly, after 1 year it sprung leaks in several places. The hose was put away in a shady spot after each use and was only used a couple of time a week for short periods.
not a very good deal. Go buy seeds at the store in your town, much cheaper.
Shabby. Either they forgot to weld pieces on or thought using a little orange glue to construct their metal $85 water basins was a great idea. Part was already off when I unpacked it - completely unacceptable. Returned for refund. Avoid.
On top of it really doing nothing to scare away cats, it stopped functioning after 7 months. The solar panel began to bubble and cloud from being out in the sun. Cheap rechargeable batteries also need to be changed out. The device was NOT worth what i paid. I don't recommend
Used it a couple times and it's already leaking at a seam
It did not work inside my apartment and it didn't work as a deterrent to the rats on the porch. There would be droppings right by the window sill on the outside and the device was right by the window on the inside. I still had to keep my windows closed at night so the rats would not come inside.
I only watered my lawn and after one month it tore around the connector. Would not recommend!!
my rhizomes were seized by customs. I would like my money back. all i received was an empty envelope!
I usually don't write reviews, but with this Item I going to because its dangerous everything was going fine, it was easy to install it to my power washer but then the connection of the hose to the gun which its held just by a metal clip and plastic Broke with so much force that it hit me in 2 different places leaving me with a deep cuts and big bruises so be really careful
Came broke for the price not worth it
Don't purchase this product with anything your not willing to destroy. Amazon delivery handlers will mistreat your package and the contents will explode, ruining everything else in the box. Then good luck getting your money back. You have to fill out forms, talk to “customer service” reps, take pictures for proof. Filing your taxes is more fun. Amazon “customer service” was even worse. I've cancelled my amazon prime and will be shopping like they used to in the old days. You know - at a physical store, where if there's something wrong you can at least go speak to a manager in person. Amazon used to be good about handling these situations. If there was a problem they fix it. But I'm not going through this carnival act for what was clearly not my fault. Bye amazon! Nice to know ya!
Says delivered but never arrived where is it?
Terrible. Eats thru string like a piglet. And after 3 uses, the Spool just shattered
Too tight on the basket, not easy to get on.
We would like this rectified
Useless Have had product in plants both Inside and outside... Have not caught any annoying bugs I don't Recommend.
just did not work like advertised. I was fooled.
Although the product claims "sturdy ribs" , any breeze other then extremely light will break the ribs . Lasted 3 days
This is a horrible product. At first the lights seem impressively bright. However when they are underwater, they do not stick to a pool wall for more than 10 minutes and also while underwater the remote only works if you hold it within 1 foot. Don't buy
Nothing grew! Terrible product.
Purchased new in 2017. Used three times and very hard to start. Now it starts and quits right away. Wait 30 minutes and it will start but still shuts down right away. It is garage kept, fresh gas with Sta-Bil added to gas plus pump unit was treated each time I put it away.
Have put these out for a month and have not killed one nat or fly.
Bought in June shredded by August! Did not last very disappointed!
Placed an order in February and here it is April and no word from the company after repeated emails,final reported a claim and Amazon returned my money.
I never received my seeds. Have text them 3 times. NO RESPONSE !!! They deserve 0 stars.
This cheap plastic adapter does not work! It slips off the hose very easily which can cause damage to your pump by sucking just air. You could wind up having to replace you're entire pump system if you buy this piece of garbage! And the included hose is not necessary.
Wrong item despite claim that it would fit my mower
Total waste of money. The culture was poorly packaged, leaked all over the box. The flies were dead and there was mold growing on the inside. Communication was poor when I attempted to contact them. When I got frustrated and emailed them directly they refused to give me a refund. I will never order anything from Josh's Frogs again.
I tested the lights before setting them up. They worked. The first time I tried to use them, only half the string would light. They were a waste of money.
Not a good product. Poorly packaged and doesn't fit together very well. I am so glad I didnt pay the 300 plus dollars it says it is selling for now. Not worth 100 for the quality.
Came broken, opened it up and fixed it by soldering a wire back in place, works for house fly or bigger bugs
Never received them.
Giving it 1 star because I can't give it zero stars. I followed the directions and it did nothing. Completely useless item.
Received a bad chain and never heard from Amazon about a replacement.
Totally waste of money.. it doesn't repell anything at all..
never caught one rat. traps are tripped, bait is gone. maybe they are for small rats, which ours are not.
Does not include one way air valve. Must be powered to retain shape.
I can't believe it. I purchased brand new one and they sent me an old and used one. The outside box looks so bad. Please see the picture. They tried to rip me off :( and Amazon allows that? I am so upset.
Have to be the most ineffective mouse trap i have ever purchased
the wrong item was sent i fell this was not a mistake as another reviewer had the same issue. i would say don't order from this company .
won't last long and doesn't really work.
Will not buy again for me not good also wind blows away
I own 6 tents, by 4 different makers, and This tent is the cheapest one yet... it is not light proof, and that was the reason I purchased it in the first place. And, It is not as sturdy as my other tents either.
Definitely not OEM, hose is very flimsy and leaked where it connected to fuel shut off petcock. Honda clamp and even aftermarket clamp would not prevent it from leaking. Oh well time to order an OEM one.
Wish I could give 0 stars. Collapsing as we speak. My husband is trying to put wood on both sides to keep them up. Sadly we put it up a couple of days ago and are outside of the return period. Frustrated!! Tried to contact seller through amazon. No luck. DONT BUY!!!
Half of the bottle had leaked on the inside of the box. It's a particularly smelly liquid and it got all over the floor in my house. There was very little packing material and the bottle was in a plain clear plastic bag, tied in a loose knot. The top of the bottle was very loose too, adding to the problem. Product works ok but I will never buy from this vendor again.
These were advertised as Victor brand. They were Terro brand. They are inferior in quality to Victor.
Not sure how this has so many good reviews. Did not work for me at all.
The Blue started fading within a couple months, now it is a baby powder blue. It looks terrible. My neighbor bought a flag only a few weeks from whenI bought mine and his looks new! We both leave ours up all the time. I took a photo of it next to my neighbors flag, you can see a big difference. Also, the bracket broke in only 9 months of it hanging up. Clearly it was beautiful the first 30 days when I could have returned it. I bought this one because the reviews were good, but if I had reviewed it in the first 30 days, I would have given it 5 stars too!!! I was beautiful until it started fading so quickly, and now it is useless since bracket broke! Another reason I bought this is because It says it was made in the USA too! Very Disappointing! :o(
Wrong size. Did not work for me
Received bent, dirty and obviously previously used and returned. Got a replacement and like it. It's too shiny and flimsy for my taste but looks okay. Would not buy again in this bright color. Design is beautiful.
PUMP IS TOO WEAK TO WATER 10 PLANTS AT ONE TIME... EVEN 2 INCH STARTER POTS WON'T BE WATERED. 4 BATTERIES ARE JUST TOO WEAK OF A SET-UP, GET THE ORBIT TIMER THAT GOES ON YOU HOUSEHOLD WATER LINE AT THE OUTDOOR SPIGOT.... THEN YOU'VE GOT 30 LBS OF PRESSURE, THE ORBIT IS EASY TO SET UP AND YOU CAN GET A 6 OR 8 MINI-LINE VALVE/SEPARATOR SO YOU CAN WATER EIGHT - 12 INCH POTS AT A TIME. OR USE A 115 VOLT 8 AMP SUMP PUMP AND A HUNDRED GALLON (HORSE) WATER TANK.
Waste of money. Cheap, flimsy, half of them broke immediately. The rest rusted and fell off. Don't waste your money.
Didn't work at all. Couldn't get the charcoal lit. Even with the dragon fan. We went back to our original chimney starter.
I ordered two packages and out of 8, 3 of my remotes don't work. I tried replacing the batteries with brand name barriers and it help. The lights are pretty and bright (with good batteries) but I bought them for projects to sell and am stuck with 3 lights that I can't sell/use. If you're purchasing for projects, consider the risk. It wasn't worth it, I recommend finding another brand.
Maybe my grass is just super thick, but when I tested this out, the blade would stop as soon as i tried to edge.
Nice pots for the price but in the picture it gives there description as 11.5 inches wide and 4 inches high which sadly is not the case... Wish I had looked into them in more detail but they look nice and will add a little variety to the pots for my succulents so I guess it works out 3-4 star for the quality the 1 star is for the seller not knowing what they are selling
I ordered solar pumpkin lights and was sent ghost lights. I tried them out rather than going through a return if possible but the ghosts are multicolored. They look like Christmas lights not Halloween decorations. Very disappointed. Now I have to return them
Absolute garbage. Lasted less than 6 months before falling apart.
Product application was done in accordance with package directions. The product was ineffective and did not yield the desired result. There was no noticeable change in CYA levels.
I purchased this item as a gift for my sister and it was never delivered. I was very disappointed.
Worked for about 2 months and would not properly calibrate again. Sad to see it go but you get what you pay for.
Very disappointed on this product ,break the first time I used, The two ends of the hose leaks water and then crack from the middle its like put your money on the garbage can
Never buying another plant from this place again. I bought two plants and one was DOA and this one never fully recovered. I keep trying to save it
This meter never worked right. Won't calibrate or give a correct reading. Seller will not replace or refund. A total waste of time & money
I bought this in May 24 used it 2 times and it's broken
Did not deter cat. Cat stood on mat scratching glass door. Also not durable, breaking apart.
We installed this above our deck in Ohio. After 2-3 months, it began to dissolve. It became so brittle that is shreds if you try to move it. Dont waste your money. I would think a sun-blocking material would be able to with stand the sun. This one does not. It dries up.
Do not waste your time or money!!! This was good enough to tickle my grass but if you want to trim or cut do not buy this! I was hesitant about this buy and so disappointed. In not just bashing im seriously trying to help people by warning of this product! Do not buy! I Would be been better off taking a pair of scissors to my lawn.
Was a wonderful product - lightweight, easy to handle and compact UNTIL it ruptured after about 2 weeks of light use
Does this accounted as assembled? Who is going to assembly?
I used this product twice and on the third time one of the arms rusted and broke. It's right where the screw goes through the arm and slider bracket. Upon inspection I found two more that were rusted and ready to break. I know I had nothing to do with with the breaking because I would actually have to take the bracket off in order to get to where the breaks are. Poor design and now I know it's cheap material
This arrived with every single metal spoke broken.
This is how my product came. Only two of 6 can are appropriately contained with lids. One doesnt even have a nozzle! Very disappointed and will not by from again. 1 star only because I had to.
I bought this during Prime days because I've always liked Bonsai trees. It was delivered wrapped in plastic to hold the soil in. Taking the plastic off the tree knocked a number of leaves off. I made sure to water it, I bought a pebble tray to keep the soil damp. Within two days I noticed leaves on the soil. I moved it to a more sunny spot. Leaves just kept falling. Basically, a month and a half later there's not a leaf left on the tree. I read some of the positive reviews and I know Amazon verifies them, but I have a hard time believing them.
get what you pay for
HORRIBLE. This product has a repulsive stench, could NOT get it out of our home after we unfortunately sprayed the trunk of our live Christmas tree, as recommended to kill any live critters. Thank GOD we didn't spray the rest of the tree. Literally the most disgusting smell ever, I don't know how ANYONE could possibly use this product on their skin. Threw away the entire bottle immediately.
I ordered 2 cushions on the 20th, the first delivery date was 4 days out then 3 more days were added. One set off cushions showed up in 10 days. That was 4 days ago and I am still waiting for the other cushion to come. Tracking information does not show anything.
I bought three of these to keep my cats away from my neighbors car. I fully charged them and set them up around her car. I brought my cats out and they set off all three of them. They walked up to and sniffed them and were not bothered AT ALL by them. The concept is great, motion sensing, solar powered. I really was hoping they'd work based on all the positive reviews. After re-reading some of them now though they seem like fake reviews. I don't recommend even giving them a try.
This is a waste of money not very bright , haven't even been able to use more like a glorified mini night light , if you can even call it that
It didn't work when it rains the oil is all over the place, I will not buy it again.
After one month, one of the light turns yellow, looks like the light bulb was broken.
I made contact with the folks that make it who said to contact them for programming help. They gave me another number of a dealer, which had been disconnected. I am looking now for one that works. Sad.
Already fell apart..cheap..did not like at all
Dislike the product. Missing parts and bag ripped. Don't buy it!!
my vegetable plants did not do well in these!!
when you carry them the spout springs forward and water spills everytime
These are not BRIGHT AT ALL. In fact you have to really look at them to see they are lit at all. For the price I am very disappointed and would not recommend them.
I accidentally bought this after parents did for a gift. It has been a month in a half no refund. Amazon can not get a hold of them either. If any problems happen with this product good luck, you are on your own.
Have not received the product! Requested a refund today! DO NOT WANT THE PRODUCT AT THIS POINT REGARDLESS OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES!!!!
Battery was dead on arrival. Box was damaged on arrival. Hedger's plastic sheath protecting saw blade was broken on arrival. The hedger itself seemed intact and undamaged. However, because the battery was not functional, I can't recommend this product.
Doesn't not work I have finished 4 packs of bait and nothing. I see one mice walking healthy and I am saying to myself “is this candy for them?” My wife is always yelling at me to put more and I tell her I put a pack last night, and it will gone
Did not get the package nor my refund after the item was cancelled
I want what I paid for, it was NOT delivered to ME
Not bright and lasts about two days.
Box arrived heavily damaged, and I was missing the part that connects the handle to the frame. Amazon didn't even try and send me a replacement or get me in contact with the manufacturer, instead making me return it. So I'm still in need of a trailer dolly...
Wrong size, the box destroyed and opened
DISSAPOINTED ... pulled down on the cover to fit it over the furniture , and it completely ripped at the seam on the 1st day ... cheapo crap/ save your money ..
I have these lights for a month and did not put them on a daily & the colors burned out except for one color
VERY POOR QUALITY. I have another brand of lights but decided on these for the upside down function. I am not happy with being able to obviously see the individual LEDs in the bulb. I also do not like the orange tint these bulbs have. The other brand I bought has much better dispersion, a better warm gold color and a much more realistic flame action.
This was the worst product I have ever received from Amazon do not buy
I ordered this over 6 months ago it never came. Disappointed
Worst pump ever bought July 10 put it on worked at first here it is July 18 th thing doesn't work anymore
I don't get it. What is the point of a he handle. I wanted a body brush with a handle. However it comes in two pieces. The handle is easy enough to slide in the slot on the back of the brush, but it doesn't stay attached! What is the point? So basically I have a brush without a long handle. I might as well just use my washcloth.
Broke the second time I used it. Trying to get a replacement and a ridiculous amount of hoops to jump through.
Ripped when I was putting it on the first time
Doesn't look like the strips do anything. Found a digital tester that does everything I need.
Brand new out of the box looked like this. This is not a "like new" product, yuck.
Worked fine for 3 months. Won't take charge. I know the charger is working because it charges my other batteries. I use it in my EGO leaf blower.
Realized what the ingredient was.. I am not using this in my vegetable plants!
Took forever to get. They come from China. There is no such thing as a blue coleus, as far as I can find .Checked 2 major coleus growers, and no luck. The seeds I got were to big for a coleus. Never sprouted in 30 days.
I NEVER RECEIVED IT!!!
These are not at all what I expected. They are about the size of a thimble, absolute garbage
This pack has nothing special and feels more like it was collected in the garden. I would not buy this again
For one thing I only received one mat. Then when I did finally get the chance to use it while I was cleaning it off it tore in several places and the ends started to fray! Sooooooo disappointed:(
The crystal balls are pretty, but too dainty to hang outside, they twist all together. The clips that come with the balls to hang them up, actually cracked one of the balls. I didn't send them back because the cost was only $10. I will not but again and would not suggest them.
Fitted per instructions, reading seemed wrong. Took off, back on, repeated many times. Left it for a while, checked at different times of day. Concluded it's nothing more than a paper weight.
We purchased this edger and the spikes bent within one attempt of using. Very poor quality. We will be returning as this is unacceptable for a $60 edger. You're better off buying a cheaper edger knowing it's going to break within a use.
Totally not worth the price . Really disappointed
They didn't even send me the right Pro-mix at all lol. It wasn't even in a box for shipping and the package was ripped open upon arrival meaning i lost some of my product threw shipping. Not very happy with my purchase at all.
Never received product. Never received credit even after sending a ton of emails!
This worked perfectly... Twice. Then the remote receiver completely stopped turning on. We changed batteries but it didn't help. Couldn't find any information online about troubleshooting or how to reset.
Garbage!!! These do NOT stay in the ground
I bought this and kept it inside through the winter to make sure the gauge did not freeze and break. Things have been warm on the gulf coast so I finally put it out. First day I checked it and it had rained 1.5". I carefully set it back in holder and the top rim broke off the gauge. The gauge is extremely fragile and nobody seems to know where a replacement can be obtained. Very expensive rain gauge that lasted only one day and can't be fixed.
Bad really thin I would like my money back
Followed directions but didn't work.
There are only 25 in the package. This is not what I paid for.
The package never arrived, and the seller wouldn't respond when contacted.
Did not last 3 months. All the bristles are breaking off. Do not waste your money.
Things started good, easy hook up, ran nice and quite. Then after 3 months developed a leak between the motor and pump housing. month 4 i asked for a refund or replacement. Nothing!! No warranty, no help, no kind of response from the seller at all. now looses prime, leaks beyond use and no help from seller or Amazon! Don't buy it!!
did not cut through our trees. returned.
Worked fine for almost 1 year. I was hoping it lasts at least 5. Original traeger lasted almost 9 years. Trying a different brand.
Ordered item middle of winter and when I opened the box after the snow melted there's a dent in the top. Of course since I didn't open the package until I could use the item now it's too late to return.
Our church used it as an attention getter for a flea market fundraiser. The pennant were sheer and lightweight and tangled easily.
This does not work. It works for a short time when you wipe it but otherwise it doesn't. Even in complete sun
mouse escape every time.
Package was open when I received it from Amazon. This is rat poison, more precautions should have been taken.
They don't work at all, plugged them in. Next day still had earwigs and little wood roaches when I woke up
Would give 0 stars if I could. Chainsaw seems cheaply made, even for an occasional user. (Been using chainsaws for over 20 years) Spent 3 days trying to get this chainsaw to startup. Never started once. Tried all the tricks I read online. Save your time. Spend a few extra bucks on a better quality chainsaw.
arrived looking dead and dry. planted no change.
Headline says it all. I took it out of the box and one of the legs fell off. Looks like it was held on with a little hot glue and that's it. Amazon is replacing it so I'll update if the second product is any better than the first.
Returning this has been a nightmare!
Bought this the end of August. It is now the middle of October and 2 out of the 4 are NOT working. Very disappointed
Never received part. Order info shows being delivered, tracking shows it shipped after it was delivered! Bogus order. Customer service not helpful. Beware.
After a month the thermometer fell off in the tube. No way to open and pop it back into place so it became useless.
Doesn't glow well at all
The springs for the battery came apart when I changed the battery. Very poor construction. Is useless if cannot change batteries
I feel like this ad is deceiving I specifically searched for the “original” product. No substitutions and when I received the item to my surprise and dismay it is a generic tail for a Polaris?! Buyer Beware!!!
Product ok but my package had been cut open and searched.
Disappointed. Almost none of the bulbs flowered. and i gave some as gifts which also didn't flower.
Poor Quality. Have returned one, and just trashed other two. You use, think it's great, then it either turns itself on, or won't shut off. Design or hardware flawed
If this product is supposed to keep squirrels away, it does not! I did a time lapse video and this guy sat in the feeder for 2 Minutes and ate away. For $17 I was hoping it would deter them... it does not.
Not a grape! Round and very tough, thick skin.
Pool was missing one of poles. I NEVER did get another one sent to me
After less than three weeks of use, the netting pulled away from the frame. This net is very, very poorly made. Do not buy it.
Check the pulleys before installing. I ordered the set and noticed on of the pulleys was slightly bent.
Caught a mouse in each trap the first night. Both mice gnawed on an air hole located in the top of trap until the holes were large enough to escape. Worthless.
I've used a product like this before, & it worked great. This one, sad to say doesn't seem to work at all. I have had Spiders right next to the machine along with an assortment of Beatles & miscellaneous insects. Sadly what a waist of money.
With very little use this hose did not last even a few months before it sprang serious leaks and ended up in the trashcan.
It broke within a month but I loved it when it was working.
was mailed to me in a bubble envelope and arrived bent into a Z shape. should have been sent in a BOX! returned for refund.
Missing half the parts needed for assembly. Didn't say anywhere that I needed to buy additional screws and lumber to complete assembly. Don't buy this unless you have a power drill, pieces of wood to connect this to, and extra screws. All you're buying are flimsy metal poles that connect to nothing.
More than 1/2 of my ladybugs were dead
It was not delivered. I need it to be sent to me
Initially loved it, but lights stopped working after 48 hours, and we are in California and have plenty of sun!
Didn't work! Pretty sure i never got my refund.
I bought this as a replacement for one I lost. This item was broken when I received it, so I returned it. I immediately bought another one. I loved my first one and had it for over a year. Hopefully the replacement that is being delivered tomorrow will be the same good quality as my first inverted umbrella.
I was so excited for this plant! And it came looking like this. I'm so disappointed! Dirt was everywhere and there is a lot of small white pieces of foam all in the soil! I'm not happy at all
Product does not work. I still see spiders and other bugs.
Didn't even use it more than 3 times and it's broken the button to open the umbrella jammed and so hard to open.
It has no "umph". Water barely makes it out of the spout. So disappointed.
This broke after 5 uses, the hose fabric detached from the plastic end piece of the hose.
I bought four of these, and not one of them worked! I left them outside to charge...it was cloudy so I left them out for 2 full days. They did not come on, so I plugged them in using the USB and left them to charge until the red light turned green. Still nothing. Hard to believe that ALL FOUR were duds, but seeing recent reviews of others returning non-functioning units, I can't help wondering if the seller is repacking the faulty returned units and sending them back out. Obviously I returned these for a refund, and won't be re-ordering. Too bad, because these are cool and would look great mounted on the fence alongside my pool.
Never received them , real losers.
Unit is attractive, but... Top plate is rusty after just 6 months of use. Buy something else.
I was hoping to get rid of gophers on my front yard with those devices but unfortunately they don't have any effect on gophers.
They're not swiveling ever since I put them on we noticed our hose gets Tangled today when I was swimming I started messing with the hose and realized the swivels don't swivel
NOTHING! NOTHING GREW! A total waste of money for me.
Very disappointed with the quality of this product. The unit I received cannot be assembled per the instructions because the bolt is too short (as noted in other reviews). Makes me wonder if the manufacturer ever tried to assemble one before selling it on Amazon.
Jamaican here. This is a fake. It's like they went to home depot and bought wood chips then repackaged it. Complete waste of my money and deserving of 0 stars. It added no flavor to my jerk chicken. Pimento is a very strong flavor, there was no added taste or smell from using these wood chips. DO NOT BUY! FALSE ADVERTISING!
It broke in two days where the fan wouldn't spin anymore. Piece of junk.
Came without assembly instructions and no screws! So disappointing! I think the canopy is also missing but how would we know what parts should be in those 4 boxes without the instructions??? Had time to put your freaking flyers in the boxes but forgot the most important thing! How unprofessional! Get these boxes out of my house!
They didn't fit on my faucets and allow room to hand wind hoses. Bought 3. Attached one to house, the other 2 are somewhere! Do not recommend.
Didn't order this. They broke into my account and ordered it and left a 5 star review. SCAM.
This company sent me the absolute WRONG item! I wrote to them the moment I opened the box and am STILL waiting for them to fix the issue. I would NOT recommend buying from these folks
Great idea, toy like design. The battery pack reminds me of a toy with cheap wiring and battery holder. Top that off with the battery compartment in the unit itself that could never be water tight due to its design. If you plan on using this more than once, make sure to remove the battery pack and dry off the batteries and the compartment they fit in after every use. I would buy a higher quality battery powered leaf vac if it existed. This product is a toy designed to fail.
They came very dried out and I have been trying to rehydrate them. The site should have included directions for care.
received box today, box was destroyed. Taped together and missing three main parts to mount bagger. Mounting hardware is also gone. VERY disappointed
Cheaply cheap stuff: 5 out of 10 leaked at 1st application (& not over yet in this winter). They can't be replaced or returned due to more than 30 days after the purchase.
It does work unless spray them directly
This is the 2nd one we brought had the same isues. The only difference is that the first one last longer. Only used on the weekend for bout a month. Used it Friday ran it for 3 hours and gas started shutting out of it.
Came in the mail In pieces
Doesn't work at all!!!
Didn't so much mind the scent but the bugs didn't either think we got bit more with them then without them. They fell off constantly and the kids lost there's within the first 2 days. The stickers were a big hit with the kids but left stains on their clothes. I would not recommend sorry I wasted my money!
The quality once you get it out of the box is so disappointing. The poles are metal, but the threaded parts that join them are plastic. Just putting it in the ground, without any feeders on it, you could see the pole sections straining in different directions, looking like it wants to fall. And that's with the 5 prong base! It just can't keep the pole that's basically held together by bandaids straight. I'm returning this junk.
poor attractant for Japanese beetles. From reading the other reviews I thought this would work as well as the dual lure that was used last year but it performs poorly. It attracts one tenth of the beetles compared to the dual lure used last year. A waste of time and money.
Didn't even get the product!! Then envelope was empty.
Really bad quality. We installed the doors on Monday and today they're all rusted.
The belt broke at less than 10 hours
Still have not received product after a month of expected ship date. Have contacted the seller three times with no response
This is a soft flexible tubing made to extend misting systems. As presented it seemed to be a product that creates a mist. It does not.
Just noticed today its fogged up and broken. Had it for 1 month. Missed my return window by 1 day.
It is not working at all.And at the same time.The teenager can hear the high noise voice from it.The people over 25 can not hear it.Then my baby start crying because of it.over the time return it,so still have few of it.
Bought two for gifts and one for myself. I hope the ones I gave away don't leak like mine!
I selected this cover because I thought it was good quality. It worked great for the first summer (3 months). I then folded it up and stored it for the winter. I pulled it out in the spring and after 2 months the bubbles just all peeled off. It is so bad that the shedding bubbles are plugging my pool filter. I can not even use it. I am going to have to throw it out and get a different one. So I got 5 months use total out of this cover. I would not recommend it nor would I ever buy one again.
The lights were smaller than I thought they'd be. They're pretty small. They don't seem to charge very well because they only last a short time in the evening. And I hate that many of these kind of lights, including these, start with a flashing light. And then you have to "Scroll" through each setting to get the one that is stationary. It's annoying.
These lights are the hardest to install I have ever experienced. The 66 ft of lights has 2 loops of lights that literally kept getting tangled up like crazy. They are not easily untangled either. Buyer Beware!!
Thanks for sending absolutely no instructions at all!
The looks of it is pretty, very disappointed in comfort , we sat on this furniture 2x & it's sinking in , I'm so upset at this point , I will be contacting the company hope they will compensate, there is no support under the seats & wicked sinks down !!!!
The netting is only 7.5 feet wide. Even a dwarf fruit tree is 6 or 7 feet high and about as wide. So, you have to attach the netting from one side to the other and then apply a second swath at right angles. The means you have to somehow secure where the crisscrossing sections meet or else the wind removes them. The netting was advertised as heavy duty. It may be heavier than that sold at big box stores but not heavy duty. The flimsy material caught on every little twig and leaf and was very difficult to apply. The wind, however, had no trouble removing it.
Serious fading in less than a month.
Might be my worst purchase yet. Doing a 3 car driveway is frustrating with this thing. As I read, and pretended not to notice, it only throws snow forward. I would say your snow spray is 3 feet to 15 feet and everywhere in between. So as you can imagine, carving up a driveway is impossible to get ALL the now off. Cutting paths isn't much better on the sidewalks. I purchased this for $91 off season and to late to return or I would. I am thinking about giving it to my neighbor just to get it out of my house. After I was coated in snow from blowback I went to my easier to use old fashion shovel. That piece of TECH gets all the way down to the concrete and snow goes where I put it.
The slots on the magneto were too narrow to accept the mounting bolts. As a result, I could not mount the magneto to the engine. I will be returning this item.
To all weed growers. These lights are perfect for veg only. I have done 3 grows with 2 of the 600 watt LED's in a 4x4 tent. Extremely low yield in all grows.
This is cheap and feels like junk. You can spend 10 bucks at Lowe's and get a better pot.
The grill brush head is poorly attached and fell off the first time I used it today.
I put our 6 traps the day I got these and all the traps HAD mice fur but no mice! Horrible! Waist of money .. I'm trying to get my money back!
My boat gets covered in spider poop. The device did nothing to discourage them.
This is a scam, at least the 2017 model. Had to write review to warn others that it didn't do a thing to repel mice. Old fashioned traps and bait finally worked. Waste of our money.
Had for 3 months and it broke on the inside of the flexible green layer. Junk!
Unfortunately, this product did not work in my house. It killed none of the mosquitoes that in our house. I've tried it in pitch black bathrooms, our kitchen, and our living room. I wouldn't recommend anyone waste their money on it.
Item worked once and now no longer works
Tiny tiny tiny so you need a tiny place to put it and it gets blow over and stops working. Waste of time.
Amazon third party purchase. Never received my product. They took my money though. Was not an easy process to get a refund. I recommend only buying directly from Amazon and Not buying from third party through amazon.
The signs appears to be good quality. Mine arrived damaged. Seller difficult to work with.
Very hard to put together spent one hour on one chair I would never buy something not put together again too many screws too many bolts should have been sold cheaper to the consumer because of the labor that's involved had to hire some which cost me $100 to put together very unhappy next time I will go to a store and buy it and have someone put it together for me. Convenient. An Amazon product
Garbage, cheap and they don't work at all.
The product was sold as Blue Lake green bean seeds. What I received was black eye pea seeds. Black eye pea pods are not even close to green beans and the pods are not edible. More deception from China. I should have known better.
I would not buy this item again or recommend it. I has done nothing.
It lights up right when I plug it in...then sits dark almost all the time. I don't think it is working, but I could be wrong.
I have Hunter and they seem to be about 1 and 1/4 inches and this device is too large and does not fit to remove it. What are my options? Do you have an attachment or something. This is useless right now and I just missed return date as I just tried to use it today... Please help. Thanks
S#it service. When I called to file a claim, they didn't even have my item in their records and told me I never filed a claim with them. When I complained to Amazon, I was told by Asurion that someone would contact me in 8 days once the item was in their system. After 10 days of hearing nothing I requested a refund of their protection plan. Worthless if you need service. Avoid adding to any purchase. I would give it less than one star if I could.
Horrible fraudulent- not what promised and when I contacted seller they were rude and would not refund me horrible should be outlawed
The seeds were received quickly but were spilled out into shipping envelope.
i bought this because my nice and nephew and i missed gardening, and i wanted it to be a project that brings us together. there are glass shards in the 'soil' it comes with, so needless to say that got tossed as soon as i saw my nephew (mixing the dirt with his hands as per instruction) get scratched. i then attempted to use it with other soil, but it's too tall and when filling the water tank and then adding the wet dirt the soil stayed too moist overall and so i tossed it. I immediately emailed the seller and to this day i have no reply!!!! Outrageous.
Does not work a waste of money
Absolute piece of junk. Remote stopped working after 15 minutes. Lights were stuck on flashing every single color possible. Complete joke!
Arrived broken in pieces 😔
Upon arrival, I found no usage or assembly instructions. I untied ropes that was attached to the pole thinking it was a part of packing materials. When I tried the crank, it did not work. I tried to look for the ropes thinking that it might have something to do with the crank but could not find it anymore. I could not return it as the return period had been expired. I sent the message to the manufacturer asking for help but received no reply. I ended up with the brand new patio umbrella with no way to crank and it is too tall for me to open it by myself. Why could not they just include a piece of usage instruction so that I won't be stuck with the unusable umbrella?
As you can see from the photo, was not effective on squirrels. The chipmunks didn't mind it either.
Was great the first couple uses. Then the nozzle shattered when dropped gently on sidewalk. The hose quickly developed multiple holes in its tubing. Now there's one that has gotten so big that it leaks very significantly when being used.
I didn't like that it came with no directions, also cushions are flimsy !
Never received the product and it's been months
Unfortunately I ordered 3 of these and it only came with one cotton string! It works great but I wish I had received everything I had paid for.
Terrible quality! Came apart too easily!
Do not do it! Received nothing
This is junk! I put it in the trash! Didn't work that's why its so cheap. I had to give one star in order to submit this otherwise negative Stars would be more like it.
First, the wrong item was sent. Second, when the replacment order came, all the edging came in bent, making it difficult to install and get a straight line. When installed, not only could you notice the bent area not being straight, but everywhere else. The gauge of the metal is too thin to keep a straight line.
I didn't receive yet. Please please check whats going on my order.
I used this one time to spray down my boat and it literally exploded in my hand after about 5 minutes of me using it. Worth a try but I'll never order one again
2nd day in a row the shipping tracking says this is out for delivery and will be delivered by 8:00 pm. And then at 8:00 pm we get a new message saying it's been delayed. If it's not going to be delivered, then the tracking shouldn't say to expect delivery by 8:00 pm.
Not at all what I was expecting. Ordered and received 36 ea.. 11 out of the 36 don't work. The remaining worked, but after a full day of sunlight, they only light up for approx. 3 to 4 hrs. .
Its a mess! It comes in a tiny box all tangled & there is no curtain..Setting switch don't work either BIG THUMBS DOWN!
I buy everything on amazon and very seldom review anything. Bought this blower to use after had back problem thinking it will be much easier to use than a shovel. It advertises that (directs the snow stream up to 20 feet away) I was expecting at least a 1/4 of the advertised distance (5 feet). It should read inches instead of feet. Well 6 to 12 inches is the maximum distance I got. Just right on top of the machine and I'm talking 1 inch of soft snow not wet or heavy. Tried with the power cord and it wasn't much better. Save your time and money and get a shovel. It will be less heavy and easier to operate much cheaper and will do a much better job. Very disappointed :-(
After purchasing this, I liked it for a while, until out of the blue it sprung a leak that could not be fixed. I very rarely write a bad review. Having to go through the company to get my money back or an replacement will be a pain.
Wrong specs on power washer it's only 2.3 gallons per minute and not 2.5 and came damaged air cleaner broken and dented fuel tank
Noticed major damage when opening box, paint is scratched off and the spindles are hitting each each other
Umbrella broke just in a little over month. My return window closed. It is junk!
This doesn't come with instructions and still hasnt grown yet..
I did not receive the product I ordered. The product shipped was certainly not the product advertised.
So I've had this cover for a few months and it has already ripped. I tried to email regarding a replacement as its under warranty however, I haven't heard anything back. Please HELP
Planted the seed, they have not grown yet. I got nothing
Arrived damaged. so I returned it for a replacement and the 2nd one is damaged also. The packaging is in good shape , the inside casing appears to be poorly made as you can see it is torn and tools loose.
I have had my bird feeder for a while and have enjoyed it. At least until I started cleaning it this morning. I have been wondering why there were little red flakes in the liquid then I noticed it was coming off the bottle. What a phony paint job. It comes off the bottle and mixes in with the liquid. It makes me wonder if the humming birds could get sick. I really dislike things like this that are so terribly phony.
Have applied this product three times now and have not seen a decline in mosquitoes. I followed the manufacturers direction and did the first two applications 7 days apart. There was no rain between the first and second application. In the two weeks following the second application there did not seem to be any affect on the mosquito population so I applied a third time (so just two weeks after the second application). As of writing this it has been 4 days from that third application we are still seeing significant population of mosquitoes. Actually increased the concentration on the second and third application hoping this would ensure effectiveness. This product is a total write-off. $160 down the drain. Smells nice though.
Lasted less than two months before it quit working. Let's water through when shut off. Yes, I know how to adjust the nut. All positions leak. Not worth paying to return. Save yourself a headache, buy a better brand.
Arrived in a timely manner, that is about all I can say positive. A. There was no instructions at all in the box, it says it has 8 modes so there is no way to know what the modes are supposed to be. Neither is there an indicator on the device in which mode it is in, since its one mode button that you push repeatedly (not sure it really does anything), not that you would know without instructions anyhow what you are setting it at. B. It looked like it had been an already opened item, the battery cover was not on the devices (I had ordered 2 of them) and the batteries died both after about 1 week of using the devices. C. Plus the device didn't seem to work, maybe because I couldn't get it into the right mode? I emailed the retailer and never got a response. Returning both of them.
The seeds don't look like summer savory like I had before. I planted about fifty seeds and not one germinated.
Cheap, thin, low quality, colors are not quite right. Do not recommend. Spend a few more $ and get a good U.S. made one.
Quit working because of rain - went off in the middle of the night for no reason three separate times. Ripped it out of concrete and going to get a fence. Don't waste your money.
We have installed four of these closely following the instructions and were hopeful they would work well for us. Activity increased and we waited since the instructions state, "Mole & Gopher Sonic Spike must be used continuously for 7-14 days before ground rodents start to move away from the area." These spikes have been in place over a month now. That was a mistake for us, since now it's too late for us to return them. The spikes are still out there beeping away and this morning the damage is worse with too much to get into the photographs. The cost of these four spikes plus the time to carefully install them correctly and now more yard, lawn, and garden damage! We do not recommend these Mole & Gopher Sonic Spikes.
Super disappointed! I was setting this up after giving it to my husband for an anniversary gift and noticed the wood was all messed up! It's just to big and heavy to return though!!
The step stool was very unstable, almost fell
I was sent a repack that was completely broken into pieces inside the box. Total garbage. Will update when I see how company responds
I bought this pump for my pond on August 6th it's now November 19th and the pump is dead it will not run at all. This pump should last several years not 3 months
died, shortly before fall
Product never arrived. No one ever tried to offer assistance on refund or resend.
Less than 3 weeks in the ground and all 4 have stopped working. I can wiggle the connectors and get it to buzz one time and that's it.
Belt is a little small
The picture show lager roots not what they sent!
Awkward to use and don't attract one fly. The only time it worked was when a fly landed on the curtain and I used this to smack it.
I was expecting two blades based on the photo and the fact that it takes two 17 inch blades to make up the 34 inch mower. Who buys one blade when they normally come in pairs? I tried calling seller several times with no success. Disconnected each time. I gave up and decided to return item for refund. Very bad customer service.
It didn't work. Wouldn't stay running.
Product is not as advertised. What grew wasn't hibiscus. Disappointing.
They move too much on the floor
Not as opaque as described. I bought this for privacy and one layer is basically useless. Everyone on the outside can still see into my lanai. I will try doubling up the screening as other reviews suggest. Had I not cut the roll to fit my fence I would have returned this. Another Suggestion to the manufacturer: Keep the grommet spacing consistent! The grommet spacing on the top differs from the bottom. Here are photos of this product. The first two are single layers of the screening attached to a lanai screen. The third photo is the screening doubled up. Would not but again.
It worked fine for a few months and then it stopped working. water is leaking through holes. Not a reliable product.
This item, as it turns out, does NOT kill the mouse instantly. I have received a refund from the company. They've evidently heard the complaints of false advertising before. The mouse takes hours to die, if then. This, and other cruel traps such as glue traps, should be outlawed. It's easy to find "instant kill" traps, and some are very easy to use.
Seller is irresponsible and didn't ship product nor was he available to reach. Do not use him.
I have had it for less than 2 months and water is sprinkling along the hose
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my parents. It worked well 5 times, but now it does not work. The battery will not charge. I want to return this for a refund.
I ordered these for my acid pump at my swimming pool. They melted after I day. Polypropylene will stand up to swimming pool acid and these did not
There's an issue with the bulb or ballast, because it continuously flickers. It has from the moment I purchased it.
This is the worst product ever. It never works as mentioned in the description. I am really surprised it has 4 stars. Don't buy.
Hose was delivered to us on March 15, 2018 and burst on June 12, 2018. Hose used exclusively indoors attached to a tub for cold and warm water. Not even an option to return! Do not recommend!
Shipping was delayed and when I finally got them they were potatoes cut into pieces to make 15 pieces. Not 15 whole potatoes. And they look like regular potatoes, not fingerlings. Rather disappointed. I will see if they grow.
2nd time using it and it snapped like a twig. We are outside the 30 day return window. Really cheaply made and disappointing.
Doesn't work. Cats still poop right next to it.
I did not receive this product. What I received in it's place was Plastic Unicorn Sun Catchers. 24 of them. Please send me the rain gauge as it's a gift for someone.
each time ordered, bottle was damaged, poor, poor packing all because you didn't use 25 cents worth bubble wrap.
Came unpackaged and looked used. Returned right away. Very disappointed
I ordered two and never received the second item I need these by tomorrow!!
We used with a bubble machine. Barely made any bubbles. We thought there was something wrong with the machine. Tried water with dawn and the machine worked perfectly. Poor product
Product is garbage arrived damaged
Very pretty, look well enough made, but so far they only stay on a hour or two after dark. Since it gets dark here around 5, that is very disappointing
Last for a couple months
Changed batteries first time and never worked again
Unfortunately, this item was broken when it arrived on my door step. However, with a little glue he was glued up and looks cute.
Pieces are missing? An absolute night mare.
Not what was expected...have been trying to return this with no help
Bird actually sitting on the tape and pooping. Pretty sure this product was supposed to prevent this exact situation.
Rusted after 3 week use. The syrup turned brown . No hummingbirds.
I had them on for ten minutes and they broke . made with cheap plastic . I don't recommend them sorry
Valve had a hole in it
These guys will keep harassing you until you write a review.
The ladder ripped the pool lining, cost me 750 plus water to refill. DO NOT BUY
Got 12 traps and used 11 traps for more than half year. NONE has caught any mouse except mouse droppings at door. Mouse refused to go any further into the door and there was no catch. Either mouse was too scare to enter or too smart for it. I have to abandon this product.
I had this hose just over a month and it is leaking badly. Sprayer will not shut off. Would not recommend or Buy this product again! Since I have to put a star down I am but if I could I would not even give it a star :(
lights didn't work right out of package, wires are loose. poor design. (over priced)
Item is located on chair where it will break
I've had this small tank for a couple of years; used it two or three times. I like the portability for camping, but it is rarely used and now the valve is inoperable. It is stuck closed, and now I have to either replace the valve or try to figure out how to repair it myself. This is not ok. At this point, I would not purchase another one of these.
I'm not sure what type of flies these other folks leaving reviews have but my flies land on this device and play. They act like it doesn't exist. Complete waste of money. Returned
All I can I say was it did not work for us. I followed the directions and the moles just moved a little bit.
The bare roots were moldy and only one of them sprouted.
Unfortunately, my schedule was such that I wasn't able to use the product until after my return date ended. Otherwise, I would have returned it in a second. Since I was unfamiliar with how the product worked, I kept using it thinking that I must be doing something wrong. I used most of the dial settings, opened and closed the lid, cleaned out the tube, etc. just to try to make something happen. I used the product for a couple hours thinking that I could get it to work. Eventually, I stopped the insanity and used a different product, which worked right away. At that point I realized that I had purchased a worthless Chapin product. Initially, I was hesitant to purchase the sprayer because the customer ratings seemed to be all over the place. That's usually a signal to me that quality control is a problem and my gut was telling me to buy something else. Unfortunately, I couldn't find a better rated product that customers seemed to like, so I rolled the dice and lost.
Nothing grew watered and directed and prepped before putting down
Seems solid and well built but some components are lacking. After about a year the nozzle started leaking, spraying water from multiple patterns at once and from behind the face. The nozzle had been disconnected and kept inside over winter months but it appears the rubber piece that directs the water is not designed to last. I purchased two of these, one for myself and one as a gift. Both developed the same problem. For the cost of these nozzles, I'd suggest looking at others.
Have not caught one single moth in any of the traps!!!
I ordered two of these and had to get a refund through amazon after waiting three weeks.
Light would not stay on with blank display after 15 seconds.
Came missing a piece. Never got this issue resolved. Flag lays on the ground. So disappointed
The seeds are defective, Never grew.
Had it for 3 weeks not a single bug was zapped I had to buy other bugs zappers and thousands of bugs were zapped
It broke before it even arrived to my house. Super upset about it. A waste of money
replaced old defective solenoid with the new one and nothing happened, so changed some wires and still nothing. Put old solenoid back on so mower would start and could finish mowing. Threw new one away
The box that it had been packaged in had been open and taped closed. The arbor was missing parts and am in the process of returning it. It appeared that the company that sent it out had received it back because of the missing part and just put it back on the shelf for the next person and maybe they would not bother to send it back. I'm just guessing but the facts on how it was sent to me kind of supports the theory.
Order was cancelled by Amazon after Southern Country Smokers sent the Charcol grill instead of the electric grill and smoker.
The biggest problem is that I cannot see the meter because my houseplant covers it. Basically unusable for me and when I checked to return it, I see that I have to pay almost the price of the product. Boo.
I set all four of these around my house where I had ants going everywhere!!! Not one ant would even go in! Set other poison next to them and ants were all those within a few minutes. Don't waste your money!!!
I liked the look of this bunny but that was it. I put it up and it is on 8 hours a day on non windy days and 4 of the 7 tie down straps ripped right out of the blow up. Which makes it completely useless to use. I paid over 50$ for this I it didn't last 24 hours of blow up time . Horrible quality
Didn't work for me:( waste of $)
Stopped working immediately. Cheap Chinese product. Buyer beware...
Not one seed sprouted. I'm not sure if the product is defective or if it was user error on my part
doesnt last, cheap crap faded in 3 weeks, small holes in 5 weeks, tore wide open in 8 weeks
Impossible to put together, trashy construction and came bent!
I bought this product in October 2018, Used it once and it worked fine. Winter came and I wasn't washing my car much so it sat in my garage until recently. Took it out to wash the car and it will no longer spray. Contacted the seller and they told me it is out of warranty. Way to stand behind your products. The item looks the same as the day I purchased it, no abuse or wear & tear.
The mower didn't even finish mowing a tiny front yard before the full battery was depleted. Unimpressed with the battery life and will be moving on to a better mower as soon as possible.
I cant believe how lucky I truly am.. I ordered a seed mat and received something far more precious than anything that could help my seeds germinate. AIR! thats right folks. I received a complete bag of air. I just wanted to reach out to this company and let them know how thankful I truly am. We take this for granted something we need in order to live. They have just gone above and beyond. Out of all seriousness, I got no clue how you could be in such a hurry to slap a label on an empty see thru bag. Amazon.. You guys really need to let your employees sleep.. Also please do not water board the person who made this mistake. Everything is going to be ok!
If I could put negative stars I would. Never even received items after months. Do not waste your time. Pure scam. Seller should not be on Amazon.
Did not last one month.
Instructions were wet and could not find them online. Have yet to hear from customer service
This was a complete waste of money. I spent $50 on two of them. Unfortunately my return window has ended, or I would be sending these back. They completely blow out within a month of use. These were delivered a month and a day ago. Worthless. You're better off attaching an old sock to the end of your garden hose. It will probably hold water better.
Terrible. The battery operated ones lasted less than a week. I put new batteries in and set them on a timer to be on 6 hours on and 18 hours off. Night 3 they stopped working. I refuse to replace 6 batteries every 3 days so I'll get a different brand and switch to the solar paneled ones.
Received replacement bag promptly. Had to replace bag that came with my leaf blower/vacuum after 3 years of use before the zipper broke. This new bag's zipper broke after about 3 hours of use. Hoping to get a replacement or a refund to buy a new one to get my leaves picked up this fall.
These spark plugs are shorting out at an alarming rate. Almost 2-3 times a week a customer is complaining or returning their equipment due to their mowers not working correctly. These were due to the spark plugs shorting out!
Spoke to an engineer at the company before purchasing to use with my tractor's commercial grade inverter. Was told it would work if it could pull 15 amps. Not so. Mine can pull much more than that and it did not work.
I got this soaked hose to keep the ground wet around a line of bushes. It barely drips, barely any water. Ground is dry. Love miracle grow but this was a disappointment.
seriously. it was so hard to open my arms hurt and hour later. I can lift a 20 lb bag of cat food (not that I do it often, but it's possible for me to do without issue). in comparison, this was a nightmare. I'm using it as a grow light, not for a workshop, so I have no experience with work lights. So the word clamp has specific connotations... They DO NOT INCLUDE, that they must be twisted TOGETHER TO close. It's not like a hair clip, like a regular clamp. I figured id attach it to the shelf above to keep it upright by CLAMPING it on.. You know, like a CLAMP. YOU CAN'T. it needs to hang from a pole. a freaking pole. it's basically the equivalent of a stronger twist tie that will supply power to a bulb. it's cheap - in price, looks and construction. So the only people who will be able to find this useable are those very strong, with freaking POLES!
Ordered and I never received them.
This is such a piece of junk. The hose just burst while I was using it and the water pressure wasn't that high. Don't buy!
Impossible to open and close.
If it ain't broke.......Thought I was getting the older formula, this does nothing. Don't know why the company changed to this when the other one was working just fine. Bring back the original.
These are a great idea however they are a bit flimsy when you put them together and hang a bird feeder on them. Maybe I need to hang a smaller bird feeder? (Mine holds 2 lbs of bird seed) also, some of the rods I received already had paint chipping off of them and were rusty. These will work for now but I'll need to purchase a higher quality shepherds hook in the near future.
For $12 you think they would give you 2 screws. If they need the money that bad good luck staying in business
Came without legs. Literally useless.
I bought this product in December, and I didn't open box until yesterday. I placed in pool and all the "C" hoses were cracked in the gray plastic connectors. I called Intex and I missed the 90 day warranty by 10 days, so they wouldn't replace hoses.
Lot of hard work to operate !
Deer were in my back yard 2 nights in a row after hanging all pouches in the same yard. My husband scattered them around hanging from low tree limbs and on shepherds hooks. Disappointed.
Totally different design than pictures. Paint chips, and poor quality.
They are not reaper seeds
Have it for a week doesn't work bug still flying around my house
Did not work or improve the current situation.Wont be buying another one.
I bought 2 of these feeders 2 months ago and they are already not working because of squirrel chews. The description says they are chew proof, but this is NOT true. I am very disappointed and upset to have paid this much for a feeder that doesn't work.
Does not fit 16" mower with 'training wheels'. Had to return as no where in advertisement description does it tell you this. Although in comments section 'manufacturer' says it does. It is only listed in fine print in the instructions included with product.
Stopped working after 2 months.
Planted the day I got them not a one came up
First you shipped from out of USA so it took forever to get. Then you shipped the wrong item, I sent messages and no reply.
This product does not attract mosquitoes or get rid of them. If they happen to fly by it they might get sucked up. Another issue is it doesn't kill them. You have to constantly run it and hope when you go to clean it the bugs are dead because they will just fly out.
The connectors did not fit the standard Male hose connection. The thread is too fine. Does not work! I am returning the items !
I hate it that you already want a opinion on something that I do not have yet. You need to give in one of the stars for your reviews that have not received the product yet.
Not happy with this purchase at all. This zapper did not include the needed AC adapter for charging and the manufacturer's contact information listed on Amazon was incorrect. I was told that they could not help because this was not a Honeywell product.
The controller is super cheap and poorly made, did not work at all. Returning.
its to early to see what the cucumbers are going to look like or taste. some seeds germinated. but i was very dissapointed with the amount of seeds that did not sprout. i started some in the house and only had about a 20 percent germination rate. compared to other cucumber seeds i planted indoors. so the rest of the seeds i planted them out doors. again very few popped up. i am waiting to see what may have made it to see how they taste. the seeds acted like old seeds. again i have never planted these before and i dont know the seeds habits. this could be normal for this seed.
Well, it started off as a really good fan. After the first week it started getting louder and making a metal on metal noise. Second week was even worse. Started smoking smelled electrical a day ago so I unplugged the unit. I thought with the reviews this would be a solid unit...gave my hopes up!
dont waste your time with this one.
Received the cutting with mold on it. Was told that it would be fine and to just scrape off. I followed all the instructions but died before sprouting. :(
Installed with no issues. Worked great initially, but after about 2x months it stopped retracting about 8ft of hose. I contacted customer service (Natalie), was told they'll get back to me, after which I got an excel file with a fix for something completely unrelated. I feel like I got blown off to either leave them alone or figure it out on my own. The issue persists, no one ever followed up or offered a replacement. NOTE that the unit was still under full warranty (less than a year in of a 2x year warranty).
Could not get flowers to grow
A strong contender for the World's Most Useless Product Award if such a thing did exist. Cheap materials that break during assembly, the clear plastic loops do not fit the flower-shaped rubber discs in any way at all. The clips on the ends of the clear plastic strips won't engage and the spring-loaded clips will not grab your flag's fabric in any wind stronger what you would see from asthmatic horse coughing in the flag's general direction. Utterly, utterly badly designed with sloppy workmanship and absolutely zero utility. I am amazed such a rubbish product actually exists-clearly a glitch in the matrix. Would award minus 5 stars if possible. Spend your money on chewing gum or part of a movie ticket instead!
I had the pool blaster and really liked it. But when I bought this one online it's smaller and the pole handle is not thick and sturdy like my first one.
Rings deteriorated after only one use, so both times I added tablets had to change the ring. Now I'm looking somewhere else. Won't buy again.
Holes , several holes in the hose.
I still have not received my order. It's been along time. Over a month.
Never received product.
This trap never killed anything. The light would go on at times but never anything inside and often the bait was gone. I changed batteries twice to see if that was the problem. Nothing worked. I have tried several of these electronic rat traps over the years. Many years ago the old rat zapper worked really well. I have not found anything that works since then..including the new rat zappers. Not sure what the problem is????
This snowman did not work out of the box. It never shivered or shook. Returned the item.
they sent the wrong bottle. what I got was lice killer. not mice repellent. not happy
Arrived with absolutely no hardware to put it together. Listed nuts and bolts as being included, they were not.
The stone started cracking on both sides and it's only after 4 uses. Do not buy.
Lots of missing screws and some of the holes do not line up so pieces cannot be assembled.
the inside carrying case was moldy, it was terrible
Very poor quality. Turning mechanism bends under slightest pressure. VERY unstable, tips over on uneven ground definitely wouldn't purchase nor refer to anyone.
These are way larger and dustier than pictured.😩
It worked sort of for 15 minutes then stopped. The water barely squirted out.
We purchased this canopy as an area of shelter for a party. The description and package say the size is 12x12. All other canopies use this measurement to indicate the area of shelter. Not the case here. At best, the canopy measures 9 feet. The legs, fully extended, measure 10 1/2 feet. VERY disappointed.
My seeds did not germinate with this soil at all. When I used another brand and mix, they started growing. Very Disappointed that i wasted my money.
Update: they broke! What a shock! Going from 2 to 1 star. Good thing Weber is so overpriced and making cheap products! Made of cheap plastic that I know is going to break just like the original set did. This is a heavy grill, make a sturdier product!
In the product description- it clearly indicates there is a elbow for wall mounting ... and it's not included in the package - or on the list of pieces. That's the only reason I purchased.... annoying...
i ordered a wooden handle for a garden spade. It never shipped, and no reason for was provided for their inability to fulfill a simple order.
This hose has some kind of internal flaw toward the spray end that obstructs water flow. There is also an odd bump in the hose when the water is on, probably related to the obstruction. My own fault - I missed the return window by 1 day! A loss of $18! Don't buy it!!!!
I live in SW Florida-full sun every day-after two weeks 3 bulbs out already-won't recharge even tried moving them around. Now it is 3 days over return date and I cannot return. Not worth the money-my $ store lights lasted longer.
Very unhappy with this product they last for 2 hours. If I did not throw out the box I would return them.
I purchased this product mainly because of the remote control option. Unfortunately after less than a year, the remote control failed. After contacting Renogy customer support I was informed that they do not offer replacement remote controls.
The minute I turned the water on it spewed out black carbon. That only lasted a few seconds and then it was running clear so I continued to fill the hot tub. When I changed the filters a few weeks later they were gray from the carbon that had come out of this filter. Now I don't know if there's any more carbon left to filter other fills or not. It's supposed to filter 8000 gallons, and my tub is only 350, so I should get about 23 fills from one filter.... of course there's no way of knowing at this point if it even is still working...
arrived on time and great condition. installed provided 3-AAA batteries, turned on, at 8" above grill, you could not tell the light was even on. Sending back, since other reviews were high, maybe I got defect? But not taking a chance, will order another model
Seal was broken. Product looks different than prior purchase.
When I got these I was really excited, I also got some that goes on my wall from this seller which works perfectly well(and I'm happy for that). However the first day I put these out.... The sun basically melted the glue that was used to hold up the little solar panels as you can see in the picture and so they were not able to be charge and if it rains water get inside, so I haven't been able to use them and I contacted Amazon and they DID NOT HELP ME!!!!! at All! I waisted my money on these.... Please be aware
I bought this in January, and have used maybe 5 times. Water is seeping through the mesh.
I got these lights because I thought they would make excellent Christmas decorations. They do. However, the second night they were out, it rained. The lights started doing crazy patterns and the control box would not respond to different positions on the switch. Eventually that dried out and I put it in a plastic bag tied off like another reviewer suggested. Then over the next few days, lights started failing. When I removed them from my bushes, it's easy to see why. Look at the photos...the wiring actually RUSTED! You can see the brown stains. When I came to return the lights, I saw they are listed as indoor. However, the photo associated with this product also shows them on a bush OUTSIDE and the description reads: "Indoor and outdoor decorations, the wonderful Christmas light illuminate during night, create a warm and charming atmosphere to your gardens, patio, lawn, porch, gate, yard, wedding, party etc." That description and photo are wrong. Do not put these lights outside, they will stop working properly almost immediately as soon as they get wet. I'm sending mine back.
I was sent only 1 plant and it was half dead
This product was sadly a counterfeit. I had to order a genuine from an authorized dealer, and believe me, it very different form the one I ordered at Amazon. It is reslly a shame...
5 out of 25 bulbs would not light, thus one star for poor quality. As to the performance of the bulbs that worked: Some bulbs will blink on about every 5 seconds. Most blink on once per second or two which is typical of other twinkle bulbs I have. If you are trying match these bulbs to other bulbs, these are slightly thinner than other C7 bulbs I have.
not a grow light, only white light, plants started to yellow quickly
WATCH OUT - I bought 2 brands of this style - one worked for 2 weeks and failed -- the other never worked! ck out chicom quality!
What else is there to say? It was in several broken pieces when it arrived.
This item arrived broken with the piece outside the bird feeder box, so was obviously broken before it was even shipped! Plus the feeder looks very cheap and breakable anyway. Will not buy again.
Flag is still tangled.
Let's just say I wouldn't buy this again doesn't do what it says
As stated by others, it has no timer. I have a similar string of Halloween lights which does have a great timer. Please do not order this item if the timer is important to you.
It doesn't chime and the solar doesn't work. Never have seen it lit up and we have Arizona sun
This seller took my money and never sent my item. I requested information twice with still no replacement and no refund. It has been a month and I still have no product. DO not waste your money ordering from them. They have terrible customer service and will steal your money with no explanation or product.
I loved the feel of the gloves but after a few uses with them they started to fall a part at the thumbs.
The brush doesnt fit in between the grill slots, it doesnt clean the well at all. I am very disappointed. My grill was cleaned over the weekend my old brush the bristles were.coming out so.i bought this one to be safe. I made grilled chicken for lunch and then used this grill brush to clean off the grill and make burgers. I didnt fit the grill top at all, i had to turn it sideways to try to clean off the chicken remnants and it still didnt clean it well. This brush sucks.
If I were more tech-savvy, I would attach a photo of the spider web that grew just inches from one of these so-called pest repellers! Save your money for a pest control service. I put 12 of these plug-ins around the house and they haven't repelled anything! I gave it almost 3 months to work, and still NOTHING.
I placed the traps in my garage only to watch spiders and rodents run over them. The one small mouse that got slowed down by one of the traps easily broke free within seconds. The only thing that really stuck to the traps were the wax paper they have affixed to them to peel off before use.
Do not buy!!! Biggest junk ever!! does not work .. Do not waste your money.
Received this today and there was some water left in it! Based on that and the shape of the box, I'm pretty sure it was a returned item that wasn't properly checked before selling to another customer.
These traps work great, but the problem with this is that the item is described as a case of 96 traps. The actual box I received only contained a package of 4 traps. Shipping weight was shown as 4 lbs, which would have been about right for a quantity of 96, so not sure what happened here.
Had this for less than 5 months and its all ready fading..... Very disapointed
This product did not work as advertised. I have still seen ants, spiders, and other insects in my home. Very frustrating. I would not recommend this product.
Ya it says pool cover !!! Will be sending it back
Watered as directed on the bottle, in 2 days it was all washed away
I contacted the seller and will update this once they respond...if they do. I ordered two strands of lights. On the first one, the last 3 feet didn't light up. This was annoying, but I was planning to hide that portion of the lights anyway. On the second strand, ONLY the first 6 feet lit up. That means almost 90 feet DIDN'T.
I read through the reviews and thought it would be great for occasional use. Within the first hour of use it blew off the gun and continued to do so despite being threaded in firmly. There is a quick connect part at the lower end that can be pulled from its brass counterpart even when it feels solid. Rated for 4000 psi and used with a 2500 psi machine. Not sure if I received a defect or one off but I am disappointed. Worked great for about 45 minutes.
This picnic basket looks nothing like the picture online. Online appears to have smooth, strong sides. In reality, I opened it up and I couldn't get it smooth. It was all crumpled. I was unable to get the silver insulated lining smoothed out. And I could not get it to stay open in a standing up position. The handle of the basket is also in the way of getting the zipper around the basket. It is very difficult to get the zipper past the spot where the handle attaches to the basket. This was for a gift, but I didn't even want to keep it for myself. I must say the return was super easy though. No return shipping fee. No packaging. Just print out a bar code, drop off at UPS. Done. I did appreciate that.
Nothing grew, dirt got moldy in the container. Not going through the trouble of cleaning this nasty thing and boxing it for an $11 refund, but am very disappointed.
One light quit working after one week. The other has now quit.
Moles just seem to dig by it..?? product.
The paint is flaking off and it's only a month old.
I ordered this pump because the listing says it is a 115V pump. Half-way through setting it up, I realized that it is a 230V pump. I checked Home Depot and they incorrectly list it as 115V as well. This was a complete hassle and meanwhile my pool is turning green.
Followed planting instructions and not one bud.
Caught nothing, waste of money
I dislike, that the sale show you a box of 60 but you just get 10.
This product doesn't work. Like its specified.
Installed wire threw cover installed ratchet 2 turns and it broke,junk had to go buy another ratchet,cover seems to be ok
I never got a chance to try it. It wouldn't hold a charge long enough to zap a bug. I returned it.
The cost was too much for what little you received. I expected several pounds for that price.
Gee...thanks for the box of smashed and twisted metal.
Product does not work
I ordered one of these motors for my Austin XL. After installing it and plugging my smoker back in, the auger started turning immediately without even pressing the power button on the front panel. Yes, the motor was plugged in correctly. I messaged the company and offered to send a replacement (thank you), but I asked if the replacement would do the same thing...was this motor truly compatible with the Austin XL. If it wasn't then I'd rather just have a refund. The company wrote back and said they'd just send a refund, and didn't actually answer the question as to whether this particular motor worked properly with the Austin XL or if I just got a dud. Pretty disappointed. Will have to find another motor and hope it works. OEM motors are almost 3x the cost.
This was missing the knobs to attach the canopy. I would forgive if the swing itself wasn't so uncomfortable. Thought I put it together wrong when I went to sit down. The angle of the seat is weird and it's too low to the ground. It is assembled correctly, it is just a badly designed product. I will have to take apart and rebox because there is no way I am keeping this. Totally unusable.
I've got a rat problem and this is not the solution. I set up five units. After three weeks, I've still got a rat problem. This might be the equivalent to a disco jam for the little rodents; lights and sound. Might work for mice, but does nothing for rats. Not recommended.
It doesn't work at all
This planter looks nothing like the photos that are featured. It is significantly lighter in color and the “metal” accent pieces look extremely fake. The material is so flimsy that it doesn't hold its shape.
Battery life is short. Does not self feed very well. I have to stop and take it apart to feed it. I have a small yard and had to do that about 5 times while edging.
Total fraud! These ultrasonic repellers are a waste of money. I've been using them for 2 weeks now, and mosquitos are even on top of the unit. First I thought I had to be patient, but I think 2 weeks is enough. I originally wanted the product to repell mosquitos, but as I said, they're right on top of the unit and all over my small patio.
I've used it several times with different soil conditions and the dial never seems to move.
I purchased this for a show that had a slight chance of rain. It did not rain but it drizzled for couple of hours. This gutter couldn't even keep the drizzle from dripping into my booths! Drizzle!!! Come on, it's like they forgot to scotch guard the thing! It just soaked through and dripped.
Using the trimmer for the first time cutting grass along a brick path, the cord shortened and disappeared into the spool after about 15 feet. I had to stop, remove the battery pack, remove the top of the spool and and re-thread the trim cord through the feed hole and start again. Another 15 feet or so the same thing happened. Virtually brand new, this tool is essentially worthless and it makes me wary about any other tools from this brand.
I advise not to buy this product due to the tube leaks right out of the box
I installed this on my pool this year. Some of the grommets have already pulled off the cover. I have a feeling the pool is going to be a mess when we take it off. I don't think this one is very well made, even for the $100 price. I wouldn't buy it again. Next time I will also get a bigger one to allow for overhang.
Only about 10 seeds germinated. Waste if money. Very disappointed! Would not recommend this product. Probably better off going to a local garden store
Smashed. Only one branch was intact.
Product received damaged and it wasn't damaged during shipping
I've had the unit running for a day straight now. Caught nothing, but I did get two more mosquito bites.
Both of the hoses that I purchased have holes in them and leak. Not real happy about them.
Bought to help someone. It did nothing.
Item not as described. It has holes in the middle. All dirt comes in. -5 stars
What a scammer. All of the small parts, such as handle, bolts, and screws are missing. Just don't ever buy it and don't trust them. What a disappointment.
I really thought this came with the frame. Since it did not I had to send it back because I had no were to hang it.
These are very cheap plastic that cannot be stacked without falling over.
Thought I was buying maxpower blades? Blades would of fit like they should have. But would need to be sharpened first. Most likely will be sending back and spend the extra few dollars for sharp blades
This fairy is very cheap looking and not well painted. She doesn't look like the picture here on Amazon. Also, she was broken on arrival. Returning for refund.
No instructions on how to use the can,
broke on the first swat
Don't buy this! When I received the bird bath, the pedestal received looked like it had been stepped on the bottom that it does not even stand up when placed on the ground. The vendor should have never shipped it to me in the first place in this condition.
Did not get what I ordered. Ordered Lavender seeds, got vegetarian capsules. Very displeased, and due to the return policy I can even send these back for what I wanted.
I should have invested in a good chime. This is pure junk. sounds like a tin can.
I ordered 4 sets of these lights for the palm trees in my backyard and wrapped the trees the first week of January. It's now the last week of February, barely 2 months later, and 2 of the 4 sets have completely stopped working. I've checked the switches, wires, etc. but they are 100% dead. I'm incredibly dissatisfied. Also as a side note, the “cool white” lights actually appear blue, not white at all. These lights are junk.
I used this hose to connect my gas grill to my motorhome. Second trip out my wife smells propane. I opened up the compartment and got a strong smell of propane and heard the leak. Thankfully we caught this before disaster struck. Hose casing 2as split open and leaking badly.
Although it LOOKS like the more expensive brass connectors typically sold at hardware stores, these are not them. To be fair, everything is disclosed in the product description - so it's on me for not reading it carefully.
Under 25% germination, seeds were marked for 2018 growing season, waste of time and money
The container itself does not say "food grade". There is just a sticker on it marked food grade. Because of this, I called the company that makes it to check. They said it would be OK for brief contact with food, but they do not make a food grade silicon, and they do not stand behind the food grade label for this product.
I plugged it in on the first snowy day (17 degrees) and it wouldn't even start. I tried a different extension cord, different outlet (20 amp fuse with power on to both outlets as indicated by the lights on both outlets) jiggled the cord at the snow blower, made sure the starter bar and start button were firmly in place. NOTHING, no noise, nothing. I tried unplugging and replugging at all connections, I checked that the blades were clear (they turn by hand but they are stiff from the cold in my opinion.) If you want your snow blower to work, maybe it needs to be used on a nice warm day. THIS PIECE OF JUNK IS BEING RETURNED.
We installed this and only one side works. We have tried and tried and can't get two holes to operate at the same time as promised
The pole of the umbrella bent in wind that wasn't blowing hard enough to rustle trees. Don't waste your money.
broke within 5 uses and less than 1 month from when we received it- terrible quality. Hose diameter is also too narrow so the hose retracts whenever you spray- very annoying.
Didnt recieve what I wanted feel they try to be confusing here.
I am so disappointed. I needed to replace a pump in a fountain that i 3 tiers with internal wiring. When i bought a pump that was recommended by the fountain company, the electrical plug was too big to go down the center tube of the fountain. I bought this because the adapter is small enough with a long enough cord to work in my fountain. I set it up and it did not work... I turned it on and off --- did not work. I let it sit out for a full day to charge and still does not work. I have not had time to mess with it any further.... Very disappointed, it should not be this difficult.
Just used it for the 2nd time. The hose sheath came away, and the hose sprung 2 pin hole leaks that became much larger as I continued to use it. Complete rubbish, you would think I purchased it from a 99 cent store.
This is not 300W as advertised. Opening up reveals 2 100W LED power supply drivers. I opened it up because it was making too much noise, i was worried the fan was chewing up a loose wire. It is the outright lie or verbal trickery about the lights output, that earns the 1 star rating We found one fan was out of balance; we replaced it with an desktop PC fan and quick solder job.
It harmed my plants rather than killing the worms. , not recommended.
tape was terrible did not stick to poly, started to peel off the right away. dont buy this tape
No germination at all.
It had no power supply or cord
tried to return but had been over specific time they set. now stuck with something i dont need. plus was not refunded
I started growing these seeds indoors. They came up quickly. Were tall and lanky, fell over and died. I did this twice. I contacted owner and he replied he would see what he could do. Never head from him again. When danger of frost passed, planted all 6 varieties in our garden. They have grown nicely and are mature and ready for picking but the radish is the size of a pea. They are worthless. I tried contacting owner today and my time-frame has passed and that is why I am writing a poor rating.
Water clearly got into bulb housing. LEDs failed one by one. Do not recommend.
hose is very light weight ,but durability is questionable. already has pin hole leak.the hose diameter is small and needs the supplied adapter to accept normal size attachments. i consider this a product too lightweight for our needs and will not but again.
This is a piece of junk. The wire mesh around the intake tube is cheap and falling apart straight out of the packaging. The unit is a good 1/2" longer than the Weber tube it is meant to replace, making it impossible to install. Don't waste your time and money on this Chinese junk. Buy a genuine Weber replacement.
The description says it has a photo Eye, arrived with no photo eye.
Did not work. I'm sending this back I read great reviews when I got it I was happy because it's so light. However the product itself blows absolutely no leaves.
Not impressed. Came in a big amazon box with a few bubble for cushion. Did absolutely nothing for it. Bounced around box. Because All the edges crushed n had a big crack. One of the handles on the on the tray that holds it was crushed n all bent. Now the paint is all flaking off. It only came wrapped in plastic which had holes in it so the salt itself got dirty. No info for it what so ever... I surely would of expected better coming from Amazon :(
Purchased it in May and already busted in September. Has a giant leak.
The connectors don't make enough contact with the led strips to make them light up. Want a full refund please.
i was excited to get this item for my 2 pet rats.... when i first got it i quickly secured the hooks to the cage and when my rats got into the hammock it immediatly broke.... 2 of the straps just tore apart from the hooks leaving my rats to fall and have no hammock... im very disapointed both my rats are only a couple months old and do not weigh much at all and the discription of this item says it can support at least that much weight and more... i feel like i was totally ripped off
Most of the cuttings in this shipment were dying of rot
I had to write a review because these flags are HORRIBLE! I did not realize they were coming from China until I had already purchased them. I thought they were cheap so I would give them a try. After almost a month I received them and trust me these are garbage! I don't care if they are cheaply priced, if you have to immediately throw them in the trash, that's a waste of money! They don't have the fabric sewn in on the end to hold it on your flag pole. They have sewn in two silky ribbons to tie it on. I did this and cut off the excess and it just come undone because it's a flimsy ribbon. The sewing at the top of the flag starts in one corner and then runs down and cuts off the star. It is literally a diagonal line! You definitely do not get what theIr pic shows! I will never buy from them again and I don't think Amazon should let people like this sell.
Bottom snapped in less than 24 hours. I've applied for a refund but not happy.....
the gloves themselves fit well enough, but the plastic claws are fairly big. so if you do not have wide fingers, then the claws pivot and tend to dig into your knuckles. also i found these gloves to only be useful on VERY LOOSE potting soil. i used these immediately upon receiving and was digging in a pot the previously had a plant and the right middle claw caught a 1/4 inch root and broke the claw in half right off the glove without a whole lot of effort. it may have been a factory defect, but i was very disappointed to have them break in 15 minutes of use digging around in my potted plants. will certainly be returning.
This was returned along with the Geek Pure Water filtration system and many other items Why is only one of 2 of the wall mounts showing returned ???????? I have 2 pump systems both beyond the limits specified - still very little to nothing gets trapped/collected
The fit is horrible. Mounting holes don't line up. The cord pulled out of the spool on the second pull. I put it back together and the cord frayed and broke on the 4th pull. It does not have starter cord, it has string. Complete garbage.
Worked great for a month. But seems like I have run into the same problem as everyone else. Keeps buzzing and beeping constantly and I can't get it to stop.
After 6 months the black "paint" on the top of the bench showed signs of coming off on clothing. After 12 months the bench is unusable and cant be touched without black coming off on clothes and hands Now unusable
Not pleased with this unit at all. It's really poor and do really little job, makes the process forever.
Ripped right away and was not that windy
Bought this after watching my neighbor use a pole saw(different brand) to cut numerous branches and low bush. Ordered this one and what a disappointment. Saw would not cut anything greater than 1" in diameter without stopping. Then wood chips backed up in the chain saw cover binding up the blade. Checked everything over and seemed to be fine. Note I have two regular chain saws, 2 cycle hedge trimmer, and 2 cycle tiller so I am familiar with these engines. Had to return it and probably will go down to the local hardware store and buy something. The extra blade I got for it was more expensive to ship back than what I paid for it so I am stuck with that . Perhaps I just got a bad one, but not worth the risk of exchanging.
Plants were in bad shape when they arrived. I let them sit out for 48hrs before I tried to replant them, had over 50% mortality rate. Very disappointed.
I ordered this “extra-long” plant and the plant I received is anything BUT that. It's possibly four inches long. The leaves were broken on arrival and it is not doing well at all. Buyer beware.........
Three of them did not work.
We didn't realize this product is for an aquarium. Probably more our mistake.
Really did not work to deter not enthusiastic wood pecker.
Not getting any foam. When this is attached to my pressure washer it takes away most of the power. I assume I must be doing something incorrectly. albeit I haven't figured it out yet. Have used hot water mixing half and half with car soap. Might try different soap but when compared to online videos the foam is coming out at a greater force than on mine. I'm using a 1500 psi pressure washer. Minimum required in description is 1000 psi.
One of the four arrived broken. There is no way to contact seller to get one replacement.
The plastic connectors are terrible. They leak.
Package was damaged and torn open. Spilled out in box . Poor packaging with loss of product.
poor quality, most of them fell apart before take off.
With all of the choices to choose from, what I didn't want was a loud fan motor. This is not the one. This fan motor is so loud, I can hear it outside of the building it is in. LOUD! Unsatisfactory. Too late to exchange. A big fat dirty diaper of disappointment. Lame, weak, loud, heavy, loud, fan motor.
Very pretty, but discolored my outdoor columns. I purchased this product because you could use it Outdoors.
Excellent variety of plants. However, arrived dead to my home. I live in Minnesota and they were probably out for delivery all day (frozen). I was comforted to read in the literature that accompanied them that an occasion freeze would revive them. Not so this time. Have soaked, had in indirect light, and cared for as directed for two weeks and am down to two of eleven that have not rotted apart.
The string to tighten the cover ripped out of part of the cover the first time it was used. Now the cover slips off in high winds. In normal weather it works.
After using it to cultivate some of the backyard 6 of the spikes broke off. Spend the extra money to get a power tiller if you plan on working on hard soil
Typical Chinese, build quality is sub standard, way overpriced
The screw that is supposed to connect the two pieces together isn't long enough. It still works, but the two pieces can't be connected with the provided screw. Disappointed.
It says it's a full once with a zipper to reseal the package. What I got in the mail is a small paper packet that says half an once and has nothing to seal the packet back up after opening.
They would be really nice if they lasted but I'm already down one of them and haven't used them very much yet
We love this new slip-to-grip gray doormat. We put it across our front porch between the front steps and the door. It looks very nice. Unfortunately, due to its being rolled for packing and shipping, the surface is uneven. Different sections are at different heights. We both have balance issues, so we trip on the highs and lows of the mat. We love the color and texture, but it is too dangerous for us. We had to stop using it after two days.
Reservoir does not hold soap at all not enough for a 1/4 of a car.
Arrived missing pieces. The canopy ripped as soon as we placed it over the frame (which we make shifted since pieces were missing) only gave 2 stars because I imagine this greenhouse would be moderate if it came with everything and didn't rip before it was even put together.
I could not deal with the strong odor. It made me cough and my eyes watered. It was effective against bug bites but would not buy it again.
nice design, but unsturdy and weak needs braces. unpacked to find broken peices of wood in box. will not buy from seller again.
Looked nice but didn't work as well as I thought it would
Leaves you chalky white
clouds pool and does not desolve real well you can see a white residue floating on top of water
They work alright... set it up next to a good old fashioned apple vinegar trap and the Terro trap caught 2, where the home made one caught 12.
I would like to just get in contact with the seller but that doesn't seem to be an option on Amazon. I love the idea of this product and it works really well cleaning the grill. The problem is all the water leaks out. Even though I have the valve closed.
I have purchased three sets of these and had to return one set. I was then sent another set and they worked for a while, but now three more of my lights quit working. I am really tired of having to return these lights because it does cost for me to return them. I don't understand why they just quit working because one day they are working and the next day they are not. When they do work, they look great, but having some light and others not light does not look good. I am thinking about returning the three that quit working, but I am just tired of returning them.
It is very small and thin. The only thing I like about it is the color. I wish I would have read the reviews before buying it.
Wire is fine. However the connectors certainly do not work very well. The part of the connector that attaches to the wire is not the issue. The problem lies where the connector attaches to the tape. The way this part works is by the pins in the connector punching through the bottom side of the tape in order to make a connection to the copper on the top of the tape. Even with the sticky back removed the pins making contact with the copper is very hit or miss. I found the only way I can get a solid connection is to remove the silicon top of the tape and placing it on the bottom of the tape and install the tape upside down in the clip. I found that this gave me a solid connection each time with out failure. This method certainly negates the waterproof aspect at the connector, but is works.
I wish to return this product, It was not what I could use. I'm still waiting for information how to do this. I was not given a return label. I received no other directions.
Doesn't catch mouse's, and easily breaks.
These are smaller than the ones that came with my garden. They might be fine for starting in pots, but don't know. Hard to get seeds in so small. Will not order again.
I purchased this product last year. And it was put in basement for almost one year. I found grease tray is missing when I opened box and used it last week. You know how I found this when I grilled. Could you please mail me a grease tray or tell me where I can find one? Thanks
They didn't work for what I had in mind. Not that bright. I ended up keeping them because my grand daughter wanted them. I told her they might work good in her beta fish tank because it was a small area. I probably would have needed about 20 pkgs to show any light in my area. A tiny, tiny area would work.
Only one worked. Spring door of second didn't catch, tried to bend the metal clasp, doesn't work. Used in yard for chipmunk issue, the critters can open squeeze under get and entire back piece off..caught no camera. Taped back shut, working. But expensive e for me trap that needs taping to function
Unless it get's full bright sunlight these do not work. In the time I have had them outside they have worked 4 of the 14 days I've had them.
Seeds come in a zip lock bag not secured which was open about 2 inches allowing 1/3 of the tiny seeds to spill out ! Dont know how many have been lost . Reading the product review this is not the first time this has happened . At least double bag the seed next time ! I think they owe me a pound of seed !
Thermometer works but the string is weak. Broke after 1 week
I ordered most of my lights from Amazon this year and had trouble with all of them. Half of these didn't come on and with some of the lights that colors would not change to color I picked. Most likely will never order these again.
As the other reviews stated, the 100' hose collapses when the water is on, the hose and there isn't any water pressure. I tried it with several different nozzles, including one I got with another brands expandable hose and it does not produce enough pressure to use outside of gently watering plants. The way the hose connects to the brass end looks like it won't last very long. We will see.
It works, but not great. The tube isn't long enough and the suction isn't very strong (1 9-volt battery). You have to be right on top of the big at the right angle to get it.
Very cheap material. Flag ripped in one day..
I bought one by $ 39.99 and now it is about $35. I was not happy !
I was able to comparison shop after the fact of purchase, and I found much better quality at a local farm store--for a similar price. --Disappointed.
These are touted as being FDA approved but I am skeptical. They are taped along the edges which was coming apart after the first use. Not sure I would recommend them. We are using them in a cold smoker but don't know that I would trust them with any heat.
He dosnt stay filled , he leaks. dosnt grow evenly
Worked well for about 6 months then started coming apart where the outer casing comes together. Finally after about 11 months the case has enough play that the vac does not get enough suction. Too bad it is made so cheaply would be a great product if it wasn't made to fail so you will have to purchase another. I will go move the vac myself rather than throw money away on this.
Doesn't seem to scare any of the birds or pests around my house like I'd hoped.
After 2 weeks one light went out already
The material looks durable, but tore within a few months along the top
The blue charge light went out first day
Haven't seen one bug in the tray yet...
Not a bad product, I suppose. Expect damage during shipping. At this price and how it arrived, one would be better off using aluminum foil!
2 1/2 stars. Spray patterns work fine. Does not shut off water completely when handle is released, so it dribbles until you turn the source water off. Seems flimsy.
When other reviewers note the short battery life, they're not kidding. There's barely enough juice to blow the leaves off a small porch before recharging. Nice package, but it needs a real battery.
Returned. Didn't work.
We purchased two of these Game solar disco lights back in June 2018 for use in our in-ground pool. They worked as described for at least two months. They float around in the pool all day. Then they both developed hair line cracks, took on water and the lights quit working. No way to contact manufacturer so out $45.
I put it on the tree and noticed a 10' separation between the 2 pieces. I feel this product isn't acceptable for covering a tree. I previously gave this product a great review before I attempted to actually use it. The birds will love it.
They clog easily and my chickens still haven't learned how to use them to get the water.
OK. I am officially done buying cheap garden hoses. Seriously. This thing burst in 32 days. Yes, I left the hose spigot on, but we didn't even break 90 degrees a single day during the month that I had this hose. It burst and was useless in literally 32 days. Amazon, thankfully, accepted my exchange on this hose, even though it was outside of the return window. But now, I am about 15 days into my second hose, and I just can't take the kinks! Literally kinks just by pulling it out. I am returning this hose and buying a hose that is more than twice the price of this one - and 30' shorter! Hoping that 'more money' doesn't equal 'more problems' in this scenario. I, for one, am completely done buying these multi-ply hoses. I am going to invest more in heavy duty, all rubber hoses, and hope that they last longer than a month! Any hose brand that claims "never kink" - either in the product title or product description, is a liar - and most likely, their hose kinks worse than any hose you've ever owned! Who would have thought that I would start critiquing garden hoses! I guess they are right - your interests change greatly as you age.
Like: a great weed killer. Disliked: took a week to arrive.
Temperature seems to be about 8 degrees off from each other.
The wagon is as advertised, however we didn't receive the color we ordered. We probably could have sent it back to the vendor for exchange but chose not to. No big deal for us but if you may not receive the color you want.
This is the same exact blade that came with my Ego electric mower. I'm still using the first blade, but BOY does it get dull quickly. I have to keep resharpening with a file. This is the exact same size, but they should have used harder, better steel to make the blade. For this price, it should stay sharp longer. Once you own their product, they KNOW you have to buy their blade. \ Not satisfied. If it were half this price, I would have given it more stars. TOO expensive for what you get.
I bought this as an alternative to the metal spring traps, thinking it would be easier to set and more effective. I've used it for a couple of months and have yet to catch a gopher, although I have caught several gophers using the spring traps. So far its been useless but I will keep trying.
These are half the usual size. Not a very good value. The pool store has 1 oz for under $2 each - twice as much for less.
Brought several cans of this did not seem to work for me
Good spacious design, but not sturdy enough and not super easy to start threads.
You get what you pay for
Just cuttings stuck in the dirt. No roots. Delivery was rough and cuttings came out of the dirt.
The product came all broke up, not a single tablet it's all crumbs. It's the first time I have ordered this kind of product and pretty it will be the last.
These have a major flaw. The ankle strap is the same length as all the other straps. This means you must go buy a strap from somewhere else to make these work. I got 2 straps from Harbor Freight for 5 bucks, cut them to twice the length of the ones provided, melted the ends and put them together.
I've been using these 6 months. While they are great lights, they don't last long. 2 out of 4 have completely quit working and I'm sure the others aren't far behind.
Got to admit, I was taken in by the "hot" words like ergonomic and aesthetic. But it leaks. A valve isn't supposed to leak, but the female connector is not seated against the body--see picture. Thus with garden hose type pressure, water easily blows by washer and sprays out from ahead of the connector.
This is a nice baffle - if you don't live in a windy locale. Like other reviewers show, this product just shatters on a windy day. It's an expensive lesson. Had to throw it away as I purchased it 3 months ago.
The pigeons would sit on my roof mocking the owl.
While this is good at melting the ice... it is NOT dog paw safe as advertised. So, if you have ice and no plants or pets to worry about, this is a good deal. Otherwise keep looking.
Falls of its own accord - the shed is not rigid enough to hold the shelf.
If you plan to use this candle for candling eggs to sell save your money. They cup is way to small to be able to twirl the egg to look for blood or meat spots.
"No assembly required" ?? Difficult to assemble as tabs do not line up well and even after many full blows with a rubber hammer they would not insert properly - even after drawing in with supplied self tapping screws. Step must be placed 1 1/2" - 2" away from spa to allow step to open. None of the material on web or assembly instructions says that it is "Not Intended for Chemical Storage" Disappointed with product
I did not show up in my garden
Never unsealed the cork, but after a couple of months it is filled with contaminated growth of some sort.
Not so good at marking, even on white clothes. I have to print in large letters even with the fine point marker. The ink does not seem to penetrate well.
We should have bought the larger unit .. but it definitely broke in an area I would never have thought. One of the windmill blades snapped off by the wind. Purchased in January but we didn't put it together until the end of February because of weather. In use for 6 or 7 weeks but past the return window.
I agree with other reviews that this is very low quality; wish I'd read the comments first (and glad I bought at half price). I will find a way to secure the parts better than basic instructions, as well as to replace the paper stickers with more fabric (maybe velcro pieces?) or even fabric paint for the face. And even after those improvements I will likely display it only indoors -- can't imagine it holding up well outside in the elements!
The canopy colt faded, and when it rains water bunches and bows ... would not recommend the canopy ... love the frame sturdy and love the shelves but canopy ummm no
This reel is cheaply made. It feels like it will snap in half from the weight of the cover. The clips do not stay closed and they tangle on reel causing an uneven cover on reel. I have to manually straighten and adjust solar cover so it will reel neatly.
Its smaller than I thought it would be. Its pretty cool though and looks great in my beach bathroom! It does need a better hanging system, not to sturdy, I had to add some hangers on the back. And it looks WHITE in the picture, its not, its almost beige. But, overall its cute!
Only had one actually sprout anything
this thing was accurate with temp but for $20+ it broke with in the 1st couple weeks. I pushed it into the compost pile and it bent in half and snapped the metal rendering it useless... pretty flimsy for the cost.... not happy
Very cheap flag. Paper thin, not for flying in normal weather. Best as a wall mount. Design is nice but that's the only reason I give it 2 stars. If it weren't for that, it would be 1 star.
The frying rack was delivered into an upside down "U" shape, like someone put it on top of a brick and bent the two sides around the brick.
Just did not work but it on my lawn and It damage my lawn, I had to buy river sand and put down sod. Which was not cheap.
Every year we buy these lanterns to celebrate my father-in-law who passed away. I have bought various lanterns, but these kept ripping and one caught fire even though we correctly installed the fuel pad and made sure that sides were at a distance while it inflated.
Delivery late. Spokes bent, some loose, one side wheel binding...might be something bent on quick release or rear axle hardware. Product doesn't fold, you have to disconnect a bar and some bolts. Not easy or convenient. Metal where sides attached to frame we're bent...not at right angles, bolts won't go in straight. One word... flimsy. Returning product. I don't think it would hold the up to 180 pounds it states. Material is not heavy duty.
Two of the pieces that are part of the lock to keep the lid on are not cut correctly so they don't work properly. I contacted the company filling out the warranty they offer in order to have the two pieces replaced, and I haven't heard anything back from them. It's been about two weeks now. The product itself is ok if your pieces are cut right, but good luck dealing with their service if they're not.
Didn't do much of anything I could tell. Waste of money.
I replaced the quick connect assembly on my pool earlier this summer. Not two weeks later I was moving the pool sweep the same way I've done it for years and the quick connect snapped in two at a glue point. Luckily, I had the old one so I swapped it out while I waited for a new one. When I received the new one, I added a glue line with CA glue around the full circle of the joint line. I hope this keeps the new one from breaking like the last.
After 4 days of use the zipper broke
Kinda cheap and very under powered.
I would never recommend this model because it's almost impossible to see the buttons. Even during the day we have to use a flashlight. Our house has good lighting so that's not the problem. We've had several GE microwave ovens and never had any complaints with any prior units. Poor design.
It won't stay latched open. I would send it back but the box was torn during shipping. Very dissapointed. The material quality Is great and it is made sturdy. We just can't use it, if it doesn't stay open.
Everything came as ordered, just glad I was'nt in a hurry
It works pretty well when new, but two of the welds on mine broke after less than two winters. It's a good idea, but executed with mediocre quality.
Purchased December 2017. It's July 2018 and the covering along the top has deteriorated. Almost worthless now.
The pole is advertised as suitable for 3x5 flags. It is. But the plastic screws that attach the flag are too small for standard sized grommets on a 3x5 flag. So...had to order the larger plastic grommet holders for another $10. Seems like a scam as I have never seen a grommet so small which would be suitable for this flag pole.
They don't work as well as they said.like not all!
Have to work too hard to get it to tap on. Ended up rep,acing it with something else.
3 months of decent few uses and now I�t constantly runs even then there is no watcher being sprayed. I�t runs faster than normal and pressure is not nearly as strong as before, have to turn it off nervous I�t might over head or so something strange. Any suggestions? Love the product when I�t was working great
Not great quality and the lights didn't work. I tried replacing bulbs with the replacement bulbs included but could never get all the lights to work. Very disappointed.
These are VERY tiny.
I got these to use in my raised bed. Instructions didn't tell me about the little white filter and initially wasn't sure it's purpose. In putting them in the beds, I had trouble with adjusting the drip flow as the adjuster knob was hard to turn. In checking the next day, a few bottles were tipped over and others were empty. They are so so but I wouldn't have bought them had I known about the experience I'd have with them.
2 stars because it's thinner than any heavy duty landscape fabric I've used and the packaging says MEDIUM DUTY not HEAVY DUTY as the description says. Sold by Amazon so I would expect accurate descriptions.
It's good if you're going to use here and there but for a permanent stay not so good. The tubing is not strong , two of them bent at the joint. And when it rains it collects water on all 6 sides and the center tube come off.
One of my 3 pots arrived chipped, though the product was well packaged. I tried to contact the company, but received no reply. I can't recommend this product or supplier.
Loved the material and size but they kind of look like the print of rock is from a 3D printer and not like actual stone
I purchase this product in August of 2018, used in August and part of Sept. When I went to use it in June of 2019, the shaft seal was bad and was told it was out of warranty. The part is metric and cannot be found locally and I'm basically with out a functioning pool pump.
have put these out in my kitchen and bedroom. Rats LOVE it. They ate an entire brick of it and are still around to tell the tale. They move the bricks of the 'poison' around my kitchen floor a lot and it is apparently their new favorite treat. When will the poison part kick in?
This stuff is weak. Will work and operate as all other string trimmers however I find I'm going through the stuff much faster. Not very tough in terms of durability.
It came with NO DIRECTIONS on how to put together. It came in pieces. I will change my review once I receive directions on how to put together. Hopefully, I will receive them soon or I will be returning. If I receive directions and I am happy with it I actually wanted to buy a second one. Help would be appreciated!!!!!!
I purchased this hose for weekly use in my backyard. It was very convenient for the year it worked. However, it started springing leaks and tears in short order. I used this quite gently, and have ordered other much more durable retractable hoses. I would not recommend this hose if you're looking for something that will last.
Broke in 3-4 months, have to order another one from a different brand now.
I thought it would be much heavier. Is very difficult to vacuum, sweep or clean.
Control value would not close all the way ,causing problems clean pool. Duct tape value, works a little better.
it is just a nice light. Nothing common with pest repeller. doesn't work against mosquitos or bugs. I disappointed.(((
Worked well for three weeks. Then died. Full marks for functionality, zero for longevity
Fell apart not long after putting in pool.
Made of aluminium foil will tear on installation. I do not recommend this item.I give it two stars for the screw clamps included in the package.
So far the few I have used haven't caught any insects but that's not what I didn't like about them. First there is no way to avoid getting sticky fingers when trying to push down in dirt and it's very hard to remove even with super strength nail polish remover . This probably happens at least in part because they are also very hard to stick down in the dirt the pointed bottom isn't thick enough so they bend and they get dirt on them. I won't buy this style again. Go with the ones that use sticks or stakes-they go in dirt and stay much better and you avoid getting sticky fingers. .
Customer services was good but overall have just had problems. Tired of contacting support and then another problem arise. Problems started right after time ran out to return through amazon.
I cant use these. They dont open wide enough unless the handles are opened all the way up. Makes it very hard to grab the limbs to trim them. With the handles open wide I could not close them on the limb with any force at all. They are useless to me. I would not recommend them to anyone smaller that 6 ft tall unless they have unusually long arms. I'm 5ft 5in. Looking for a better pair.
I received my package and it was is poor condition, I contacted Amazon for advise , on how to return but never received word back, the box was sliced and the hot tub was damaged, I didn't know at the time so we set it up, it was not pleasant!! Then after all of the set up it will not hold air, so we somewhat patched it , but the water never heated ..after 8 hrs of trying it's just wasn't working!!
I have been in the lookout for exactly this since I bought my house 3 years ago. A sprinkler with good distance that can be adjusted at every angle. This is brilliant and exactly what I need. Now the bad... this thing is a total piece of junk. It leaks out of the center post, yes I did make sure it was tight. I can only get 18 ft of distance out of it in its farthest setting. I have great water pressure at my house so that is not the problem. My other impact sprinkler hits 45 ft easy. The entire unit is made from a cheaper feeling plastic including the sprinkler head. It is too light weight to sit on the grass so I rigged it up atop a stand. That worked for keeping it from jumping around. This is a awesome idea and they are on to something here. They are just not there yet. Hopefully they continue to develop the product and come out with a decent sprinkler soon. I will buy again once I see some serious upgrades.
This was easy to assemble and great for a small area. My disappointment is that the blades on top are so heavy that even in my super windy location the blades don't spin. If you check them by hand it's very loose and movable. I may try axle grease in the hole but I don't think that's the problem. It is made of a heavy weight material. Not flimsy. Other than not moving, it's a good piece.
We hate the new plug-in to the unit. The older model is much better. It's difficult to charge because of this. We have to wrestle around with it to get into the vacuum. Disappointed!
Love the design, but magnets don't work.
I can not review because item was not delivered.
They were beautiful for about 10 days but are all shorting out after 14 days. I only used them for 3 or 4 hours each day. Good for a one time use.
Very accurate but after 2 weeks (in a warm climate) water leaked through the outer cover and makes it hard to read. Would not buy again.
The ghost will not stay erect. It does not matter how it is tied using the provided stakes and cord. The inflation fan does not make the ghost column stiff enough to remain erect. Some blue pills might fix it, but the manufacturer needs to redesign this item.
Did not fit. It was sent from China and cost more to send back then I payed for it. $14 to buy and ship. and $15 to ship back?
Unless you have direct full sun this item doesn't run very disappointed.
At least 50% of the watering occurs in the first 10-12 feet of the hose. This is worse than other soaker hoses I have purchased in the past. Cannot recommend.
The birds almost land on it but they fly off when they see us. One would flutter his wing on the unit, causing seeds to fall out. After I hung it and came in the house, notices the bottom seam had separated. At least the bird that swats the container, cause the seeds to fall out in the opening. Difficult for me to hang as I'm unsteady. I had to hang it HIGH, because I didn't think it would be secure on the screen. The seeds are attracting ants.
There are better for not much more money. We bought 2. Second delivered with broken piece and a bent piece. We just made it work. I don't expect they will last long anyway. You get what you pay for. Edit- Contacted by company. They said they are sending replacement parts.
So short it doesn't want to spin in the wind
Picked up more debris but difficult to wash clean
The title says Hirt's garden plant but it actually comes from JMBamboo. Two are different. I have ordered from both and my experience with hirt's garden has been awesome and with JMBamboo alright. With Hirt's garden plant will be received within 3-4 days of ordering, plant will be very good condition. For JMBamboo shipping in long and plant conditions aren't that great at all due to long shipping time also comparatively bad packaging. My prayer plant took almost a week to arrive. It was in alright condition with tips of all the leaves turned brown due to completely dry soil. I moved it to a small pot 4 inch pot. After few days i decided to move it into a bigger pot. Thats when I realized oh there is a big insect living in the roots of the plant. Thanks of ofcourse the seller. I am glad i decided to repot and found it before it could do more damage to roots of my plant. Also, the soil in which this plant came was not at all good for the plant as it would dry out completely within a day or two whereas this plant needs moist soil not sandy dry soil. I also ordered photos with prayer plant from JMBamboo and when i repotted it, I saw it just had 2 main plant stems with roots rest were just small small cutting stuffed in the soil in the hope that they will propagate. Ways to fool a customer. Now learnt my lesson for all hirts garden plants i will order directly from their website https://hirts.com/ .
Thought it was a joke. Feel like I threw out $$$.
Nothing is as good as my Silky
Old model which this replaced was much preferable. The switch on this model becomes very uncomfortable on your finger to keep in the open position after a minute or so, whereas the old model had a spring assisted switch which stayed open with pressure from your whole hand. Very poor design, but I guess it gets the job done.
I was not expecting to have to assemble the flags. Definatly wouldnt buy again, the white on the side where you slide the pole into, were not all evenly cut and some stitching came out as we put the poles in.
Had to use two, one on each side as they are too flexible to hold up the weight of the waterproof (version of the) LED strip.
After two weeks of use, one of the teeth in the zipper broke off- even with using the described opening practice of pulling away from the fabric. Tent is now effectively useless. Spend your money elsewhere.
This plant was not what I expected. It did not look like the photo. It was a piece of this plant stuffed in potting soil in a small plastic container. Very disappointed. I'm doing my best with it. I'm hoping it will grow more limbs.i fave two stars because even though it's one lil piece it's still alive and pretty.
Didn't distract any birds. Ducks and birds were not scared at all
The umbrella is adjustable and covers a large area with shade. However it is not designed for any wind pressure whatsoever. Any light breeze can push the umbrella upward and break the lower locking support arm. This happened to ours and exposed the cheap rivet stamped through the thin metal support arm. We had to use self tapping screws to reattach the support arm and continue to use this umbrella. Bad design and cheap material which if unstable could injure a person.
Worked great for about 3 weeks then suddenly stopped working... yes, I kept water in the birdbath and made sure the water was clean.
This seemed like a decent deal. When I got the item, the invoice had a price several dollars lower on it, but the original price was deducted from my account. I tried to contact the seller regarding this. No response. That was about 2 weeks ago
Even though the pro model says it works with wood, gas, and pellets; the gas & pellet features are separate purchases. No where in the description that I found indicated that this was the case. In fact, everything pointed towards the oven being able to do all these fuels out of the box.
Could not pick cherries with this cherry picker. Better for picking pears or larger fruits.
The status says Delivered but I dont have it yet.
Not a direct replacement. The electrical contacts are different, not plug and play. No help from Mfg'r. Some help from distributor, but you need to be an electrician to understand instructions.
Not one came up not one. I baby them to here in Sarasota too still not one
Product seems sturdy and easy to build, however, shipping takes up to 2 weeks. When I finally got it and started to build, one of the metal frame was bent in 3 places and I could not build further. Called Keter and was told it would take from 8-10 weeks for the replacement. Only options were to wait, or have it returned for a refund, then reorder, which then would require another 2 week wait to be shipped and fingers crossed I do not have issues again. Reboxing the item and returning it is a pain.
I Thought it was going to work . It attracted ants to eat it but that's about it. Still have ants and I'm out the money I paid . Proceed with caution might not work. It didn't do anything for me.
Returned this without trying because description clearly stated 2 pack of 2, total of 4. I only received 2. Not a good value for the money when you only receive half of what you pay for.
product works fine but the awful rubber smell still lingers after one month of usage
Top is very fragile and cracked soon after it arrived, and the birds never took to it. The wire mesh and bottom of pan are too far apart for their beaks to reach the bottom.
Arrived 50% brown and semi detached from the roots. I washed it but it still polluted the aquarium. Would not buy again. Not sure how the seller could avoid this.
The knife itself is just fine, nice quality, and I really like the case. However, the sharpening tools were not sent. I contacted Amazon and they had me reorder and gave me a label to return the first one. The second Hori Hori arrived...and, you guessed it...no sharpening tools included!! What a rip off!! I'm contacting Amazon again!
Not what you want if u want care free automated watering. Too intricate to make cheaply.
There is nothing to stabilize the canopy in even a light breeze. Cumbersome to use, cheaply made.
Don't really like it at all. The inserts for the rug are really too small and don't stay in place. Not a good thing.
Only 2 came up And I tried my best to get them to grow.
My rain gauge didn't come with an extension pole, so my rain guage can't stand anywhere. He's cute but can't stick into anything. There was a place in the box for it, but it wasn't in there.
I bought this product this spring. By the beginning of fall of the same year had major leaks on the inside. Really disappointed. I like everything about it other than the leaks.
These lights are really great in terms of output, being dimmable, etc. But the timer is just laughable. They will turn on and off at completely unpredictable intervals. I bought these specifically for the timer function so I'm disappointed.
If all you get in your area is 1-2 inches of powder, this blower will probably be awesome for you. If the snow you experience is heavier or wet in ANY way, it's going to be less effective than a good snow shovel. Even an inch of wet snow will cause the engine to slow and, given enough resistance, die. If you encounter even the slightest friction in pushing the blower forward (nevermind "bumping" it to clear accumulated snow from the blades), the battery case will flap open, as there is no actual catch or anything to keep it closed. Be prepared to go back over what you've just cleared over and over, and reach down every fifteen seconds to close the battery case, because that's what you'll get with this. The best thing about it is the LED headlight, which basically shines perfectly bright enough to show you how useless all your effort has been, and how much more you'll need to clear to pull your sedan out of the driveway. I am regretting this purchase more than I can say.
I don't know if I just got a bad batch or what, but these shed so badly I had to throw them all away. They're lovely to look at if you don't touch them, otherwise I found while trying to work with them for my diorama I was spending MORE time cleaning up tiny plastic grass pieces than I was arranging everything. I didn't even trim them they just fell apart? It was gross. Finally the frustration was too much which made me sad as I wanted to like them, but the mess was NOT worth it. I'm still finding the tiny irritating grass pieces all over. I read the posted questions above before I bought and found people saying that they hardly shed at all so I'm pretty confused.
Overall, the product is usable but I would definitely not purchase again. When I was preparing it for use, the crimp on the cable used to hang it came loose. I did repair it with a new crimp but this is ridiculous. Just another poorly manufactured Chinese product.
They don't work at all.
Smaller than expected. Doing the math it does come really close but it is not 5-gallon bucket size that you see at the store. So I think this will be too small for my peppers. Reusable cloth grocery bags is about the feel of these. Not as thick as it appears in the photos
Not enough power to push the water about 2' up. Returning.
Installed easily and works but the inlet fitting pops off because of the very flimsy retainer, the o-rings leak and it drips constantly. There has to be something better than poly for a pressurized inlet, thin poly expands under pressure and can never be used for a good oring seal, this is very basic. I will look for something better.
Purchased this for my sisters room & she was really excited to receive it. Upon receiving it the remote is completely faulty and has no purpose, in fact it doesn't work at all. Feels like a toy. Lights can only be turned off & on by being plugged off and on the wall. The light strips are so sparse. I would of had to purchase four packs just for it to look like the one pictured. Really dishonest & won't purchase again.
The product did stop the end-rot on my peppers, but it burned the leaves of the plant. I applied the product in the evening and it stilled burned leaves.
Trimmer lasted 3 years and blower not great. I wouldn't buy again. Battery also doesn't last long. I do not have a big yard and the battery would be dead after trimming and blowing once. Don't forget to charge after every use if you need it more than 10 minutes!
It took us a bunch of work-arounds to get the rubber gasket to fit.
I ordered two strands. Lights arrived very quickly. They are unique and look great. My problem is with the claim that these lights are outdoor lights. Well...not so much. We wrapped the plug in a plastic wrap and put it into a plastic bag. It stopped working after it rained. I have connected the two light strands together and used the other strands plug. Not worth the $$$.
Unfortunately this item was short lived and I'm not real sure why . A smokey smell was the end result ...like melted plastic maybe? I'm pretty bummed because I really wanted this for Halloween.
Missing the towing strap which is useless?!
Good price but I needed a saw to cut it
I've bought two of these timers. They leak after a year of use. When the water shuts off, a fast drip comes out between the grey and green. This means that every time I want to use it I have to come back later and turn off the spicket. Which kinda defeats the purpose of the timer (set it and forget it).
Its more like 8ft not 50ft
We had the Dyna Trap for about 6 weeks and the bulb went, now we have to spend 20.00 for a new bulb
Bought a bunch of these and put one per plant. We've got nice red tomatoes that are rotten inside... IDK what's causing it. But would think that using these fertilizer spikes would give the plants what they need for fight of rot disease.
Weak might be good for small size pools or spa .
It was okay. Not what I expected. I was sent 2. Only ordered 1 Charged for both. Tried to return the second one only to be told there wasn't a record of it. Yet, I had it in hand and my card was charged. Ended up with 2 of the houses and neither attracted ladybugs.
Not 4 lb as advertised
Not very heavy duty! Kinks
Didn't work. Had to return.
I really needed a 3/4 inch hose in order to get more water pressure for a 100 ft run than you get with a 5/8 hose. On that score this hose is fine, good pressure, almost twice that of a 100 ft 5/8 in hose. But it kinks like crazy, and twists all up when I loop it on a hose holder. When I was cutting the plastic ties from the packaging my knife lightly bumped it, and it cut like cutter. I fixed it with duct tape, but it is clear than durability will be an issue. I paid over $125 and am sadder, poorer, but wiser!
Not a huge fan. Ever since I got it, it has killed maybe 3-4 mosquitoes, flies, etc. I would've returned it, but my window to return had closed. Stuck with it now.
Look nice, but could not hold my standard hanging baskets. They simply stretched all the way out.
It just wasn't what I was looking for.
It came on time and alive. I do wish it was a bit bigger. We shall see how fast it grows.
Says copper wire but the wire is SILVER. Got these to coordinate with other copper items. Disappointed.
Plant was half dead when received and now is totally dead. I tried everything to keep this plant alive but I guess it wasn't meant to be.
They use a cheap plastic pin to attach the pole attachment to the vacuum head. You have to take off one of the weights just to attach the pole attachment due to the poor design. Having a pool for the past 13 years you get to know what will work AND LAST, this may work but it WON'T last. I am returning and trying another brand
Nothing grow after putting in the pot 3 months
I bought the product to kill some Ivy, I knew that it may not work with one treatment due to the plans waxy leaves. Anyway, I mixed this up 2x stronger than the directions applied it and waited 24 hours. You can see the product dry on the plant but no signs that it was affecting the plants at all. For the second round, I treated a test area of clover and grass and reapplied to the same ivy as round one. 48 hours after the first treatment and 24 since the last again no visible sign of the plants being affected. its been 7 days now and still nothing it did not even kill the grass and clover test area
The material is fine but the cover is way too big. We thought it would have elastic around the edge so it would stretch to 32 inches but we were wrong. Wish someone would make a smaller cover for built in grills.
was uneven by 1/2 inch or so, but had to keep it due to it being a gift for someone and no other options or time to return for something else, hope it holds up
Beautiful but not lasting!!
The positive is that it looks great (we stained the outer bit of the wood to be a bit darker) and works for our purposes. However, I am just not happy with the QC for this product. One of the long panels was cut with two female ends rather than a male and female as the other 3 sides were, so it wouldn't go together securely. The thing was very heavy and I was not about to attempt to find a box to put it in to return (as the box it came in had to be completely destroyed to get this out as they had taped and stapled all the pieces to the inside of the box) so we just put that corner in the back and used some extra long deck screws to try to pull them together as best we could. I emailed Suncast and have yet to hear a response after over 2 months so that was not a mark in their favor either. We went with a different company for the second deck box we needed for by our pool instead of getting the same one (this one) we got for the deck because of this.
Low germination rate, only about 10% sprouted and the ones that did died even with seed starter mix soil. Unfortunately, no Persian cucumbers for me this year =\
This worked for one day! Never glowed after that.
Had to return. Would be too big and heavy once filled with soil and plant.
Definitely foreign material being passed off as pod debris mixed in with the seeds. Also a fine brown dust mixed with what looked to be saw dust. The seeds themselves look just ok, but theres definitely deception going on here. UPDATE: Ok so the deceptive tactics still annoy me, but what annoys me most is that, it's really not even needed. The seeds turned out to be above average.... not really sure the need to add anything. But oh well. Not sure if I'll buy again, just because of the deception.
I've had 6 lights for less than a month and already one doesn't work. Maybe I received one faulty one but it worked for around 2 weeks then stopped working. Not 100% satisfied.
the adhesive enclosed in the packaging was hit or miss, I had ordered 14 boxes total but with each order the price went up and the adhesive in some of the boxes were rock hard.
I have been feeding this to the mice in our basement for 3 weeks. The bars and the pellets. The mice didn't chew into the individual packets. I had to open them and pour them out. I pour it out and they eat it. Each time the pellets are gone the next day. They also are eating the bars or taking them off for storage. Here is my concern, I have yet to smell a dead mouse! You would think after 3 weeks that would be the case. I am still catching them in mouse traps baited with cheese. So the jury is still out. That is why I only gave it 2 stars. I
Nice little gauge but starved my refrigerator in the camper of pressure,had to remove to restart frige.Sent it back and ordered scale to weigh tank,really tells volume,gauge tells pressure
The plastic connectors for the flag are thin and cheap plastic. They cannot be tightened because they will split and be ruined. I would not buy this unit again.
Mostly peanuts and useless cracked corn. Very little fruit. Decent amount of black sunflower seeds. If I were happy to feed squirrels more than birds, this product would be great. Unfortunately the squirrels devour all the bird seed before the birds can eat much. The nuts and fruit are too large for a squirrel buster feeder.
This product lit up the pool very well however, the bezel seal didn't seal well letting water into bulb cavity causing it to blow. I replaced bulb, cleaned seal area and tighten the bezel ring tighter. After two days it filled the cavity with water and again blew the bulb. This time I added silicon to the bezel seal. This resolved the water issue but now the unit doesn't work at all. Don't know if its the transformer or problems with the light fixture itself. Loss of $63 and a dark pool.
These plastic boxes can't stand up to the forces of a hose being pushed and pulled (particularly if you have kids). Good for 'little old ladies that gently tug... (old men too, i guess, LOL)
Looks really cool, but it isn't really effective at keeping the birds away. Put way when it's windy or you'll lose the head!
These things are huge and clunky. When i wear them i still feel the heat from my dishes. Disappointing. Now i just use them as trivets.
Orange not bronze. Two glass panels broken and you have to assemble. No screws. On/off press button is not discernable from off to on- but its a good size. This is not a $100 light, but you knew that.
Looks cool. VERY wobbly with full water in it. Fell over one time and snapped the top off of it. :(
Wen if your seeing this. I'm not returning the entire generator, but can you replace this part for me? It came smashed on arrival.. But it wasnt shipping.. it was packed underneath the foam.. but in a place that caused the crack.
I'm a Troy-Bilt guy. My old trimmer lasted about 12 years and I had all the attachments so I wanted to stay with the same brand. Bottom line is that this is not a good product. The engine is extremely cold natured meaning that without the electric starter you can forget it starting before you end up with blisters from the pull cord. Once it warms up (and it takes a while) it is not half bad. But the killer is the trimmer head and trying to restring it. I'm not an angry or violent man, but just yesterday I had to walk away after 20 minutes before I just smashed this thing to pieces. The instructions are completely wrong....there is physically no way to string this thing as they say as the string cannot pass through. The old head was a bit of a pain, but it worked. This you have to take a screwdriver, pry (i.e., bend the heck out of it) to get it apart and then you have to wind both sides (one on top, one on bottom), then pray that you can line it back up and snap it back together. It's probably a two to three person job to be honest. When you get it started and warmed up and it's got a full head it works. It's just frustrating to spend more time putting string in this thing than actually time spent using it. I am definitely in the market for an aftermarket head right now.
The spinner does not work well at all. We even had some very windy days and it did not spin. It is also very top heavy and would not stand up straight.
Mechanism is very stiff. Vanes on windmill are not designed as a fan. I had to bend them some to work in a high wind and again the mechanism is stiff. The mounting point is screwed into the pole and will not rotate with wind direction. It will actually unscrew itself as it tries to follow wind direction. I needs a swivel and in a quick check of website one is not available.
Very disappointed in the quality. They warped badly after the first use. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is they do fit the grill.
Ordered one worked for about 3 weeks then stopped working. Ordered a replacement and it never worked from the start. Also is not nice as pictures allude to.
A+ aesthetics and durability, however the inside coating has a very strong chemical odor.
This patio set was ordered as a Mother's Day gift. Unfortunately the first attempt at delivery did not happen and I was told the items were lost during the shipping process. I was then told it would be redelivered through priority shipping and when the delivery finally came only one of the four pieces were delivered. This was a terrible experience and an epic fail for Amazon!!!
I do believe they worked but the kids put them on their skin and it left a circle on the skin. I'm sure it was just the adhesive and not the repellent.
Inner pole bent, and the handle lost its grip. Tried to straighten the pole, but then it broke. Beyond disappointing, to say the least.
Incomplete hardware: missing screws for wheels, no bottom rack. Since we did not get the bottom rack, every time we want to move it from one place to another, the wheels get loose. Instructions difficult to read. Pictures are way too small. I would return it, but since I already use it, I guess that is not an option. The size of this grill is pretty good, not too big and not too small. We were able to quickly grilled food for 7 people.
One was broken upon arrival.
Smaller than I thought
It looks beautiful and sounds great, but this happened within days of having it. The strings are just too thin.
This grill cover looks decent quality when first opening it, but in less then 2 years it started getting brittle and developed many rips. I don't expect a grill cover to have that short a lifespan.
Seeds arrived in clear packaging, no label. I have a few that have bloomed but they are yellow not purple!
I too hoped that this would have worked but today I noticed a wasp fly directly into the decoy, which made me quickly peep into the opening only find a huge nest inside!!! Very disappointing. 😒
The items themselves are beautiful, however the box it came in was all beat up and the product packaging itself had looked like it had previously been opened. I hope this review will help improve the packaging in the future because the items were very nice.
This lantern looks nice at night on the ground. Doesn't reflect on patio table. Lid doesn't stay on, very cheap.
I had to order the Black White Thin Blue Flag twice. Each time the flag I received was a Black White Flag even though the package label stated "Black White Thin Blue Flag". I emailed the provider but have not received a response. The flags I did receive appeared to be well made but unfortunately they were not what I wanted. I eventually ordered from another provider and received the correct flag.
Not working after 3 days
I have only used about five times. The string that adjust the umbrella broke also the whole top came apart. A rib it broke.
This nozzle delivers only about 10% more pressure than my standard, full-diameter spray nozzle. It will produce a stream of water,that goes upward only about 3 or 4 feet higher than the standard one does. So for my purposes, it is just slightly better than useless. I wanted it to spray water on the foliage of my big fir trees, which can absorb it through their needles. But I think that getting an electric pressure-washer, is the only solution, to reach enough height. Someone else said it will spray water 60 feet upward, but I wonder how high the pressure of their source is? I'm getting around 55-60 lbs. per sq. in. from my source and only about 35 feet of spray height. I tried it with a new, short hose, but it was no better. This nozzle seems well-made and is solid.
The Lid doesn't fit tight out of round and the metal is way to thin. Other than that it does a good job.
So disappointed to receive the item with out the bottom piece (feeder). Wanted to return and reorder, but now the price has gone up $7.00. Not great customer service.
Not the same quality as the ones I have bought from other suppliers. Handle from plastic and very "flimsy". Not my best buy.
They are too tight, hard to get the hose on.
Air pump is insanely LOUD. Water pump is tiny. Lids barely fit after a fight and feel like they want to pop back off. Everything else seemed to function fine.
I am so disappointed. This item shipped quickly but I ordered a 9 pod kit and only got 7. I was shorted 2 pods ( dill and thyme) and they were the two I needed most of all as I am almost out of the supply I last grew/dried. I have never had this problem when buying from AeroGarden direct :( The really sad part is that I didn't notice I was shorted until I had already started putting the pods in the Grow unit so now they are difficult to return/replace because they are wet. The only way to let Amazon know besides returning this item seems to be is to write this review. On a happy note, I also ordered the 6 pod lettuce pack and that one was fine. If anyone at Amazon reads this, please advise. THANKS!
Not sure if this is working yet. Im still seeing mice droppings. Also one of the six repellent was not working.
My cockatoo loves this food, but this bag came with bugs in it.
These did not work..were not effective.
The price should have told me that the quality would not be great. It lasted two days with medium use. The little rake tool in my opinion is the best of the bunch. Def not worth the money and I would not recommend it at all.
Disintegrated in the first year. Bought last Christmas and now it's in the garbage. Not good quality fabric.
Worked great for shade! Rain, not so much! My canopy leaked at ALL of the stitch lines! It was relatively easy to set up and the frame seems very sturdy. Help with the leaks!
Didn't seem to do much
Old bulbs, not even one grew, so sad
I would not recommend these plant markers at all. The "copper" is flimsy quality at best and barely connects to the stakes in most cases (I had to take the copper piece off and try to re-fold it around the stake myself in order to even try to use them). Pay a couple more bucks for a higher quality product - these are a waste.
Not at all what I expected, I thought I knew which sunflowers I would be planting, yet they all came in one package.
The grill arrived has a very rusty grate. I contacted Char Griller on its website about two weeks ago and have not heard back from them. Another problem is that I ordered a blue one but received a black one. I assume this was Amazon's error. Too much trouble to repackage it and return it though.
The top had rust on it and it was there coming out of the box. Also screws were too small for the holes on the door. All I'm all disappointing. Have contacted the company and hope to hear back. Update to review. The manufacturer took care of the rust issue on our unit and we are very satisfied now.
Very small. Need to fill often
Brackets holes were off had to file all the long holes. The washers they supply don't cover the holes all the way need to supply more flat washers. The holes in the renogy panels are larger than z brackets holes so washers can pull through. A little disappointing.
Easy to put up but consider it a one use item. Just setting it up caused bending in the suppprt poles. Worked for our party but by the end of the day it was too tweaked to set up again.
Bought this to put up in my office to remind everyone how much of a badass I am because I got fish. Flag is really cheap, printed on one side and you can see through the material. It's made to hang on a wall not for actually flying. Would not buy again.
Received unit in timely manner upon putting smoker together found door was defective got second door it was defective also got third door it was OK I would not buy this unit again
Moisture and light meter work great! But that's not what i got it for, I got it for the pH dial, which doesn't even move. I don't know if i just got a faulty product, but hopefully i can get a replacement or refund.
I used this as our front door mat since it is cute and is designed for indoor or outdoor use. However, after one month of use it has begun to deteriorate and become unwoven. It is in covered shade all day and gets little to no use since we enter and exit through the garage. I can't believe how it is unraveling and of course my window to return is now closed. Thats over $30 down the drain.
The item arrived in tact and looks great however there seems to be something technically faulty as the witch does not always work. There are brand new batteries in use so this seems to be a connection issue.
There was definitely plenty of burlap for multiple projects, but the quality was poor. The burlap unraveled easily and shed everywhere when wrapping it around a wreath frame. Will definitely pay more money at craft stores to buy higher quality burlap next time.
Not what I expected. Dosent uncoil well and definetly dose not get 50ft. Once stretched out never goes back to originally coil again. Seems to have less pressure then new hose i use. Not worth over 50 bucks. Wouldn't recommend unless you only need it for small stuff and plan to leave it outside.
After assembly and hook up we get nothing but error message. carton damaged in transit. error message indicates that we need a part. Not a good start . I am contacting the factory and if they cannot solve the problem they should replace it.
Loved it. Worked well keeping squirrels out of our garden. And then it lasted 2.5 weeks. No idea why but it just died and stopped working. Pretty cheap quality - guessing rain ruined it.
Broke in half after one month. Although I have friends who have bought 4 of them and are very pleased with the product.
The first chainsaw arrived and was broken. We have already started the return process. However, you CANNOT disassemble the pole/handle to return after it has been assembled. When I went to return the broken chainsaw at my local UPS store, I had to pay for an extra box to return it. Wasn't very happy about the extra expense.
boken, was returned 2 x
I had this for less than a year and a large crack developed out of nowhere, making it unusable. It was stylish and nice while it lasted, but I never dropped it, left water inside, or did anything that would cause it to break.
I'm really disappointed in my second set of solar yard lights. They were great for a few days of full sun, but a few days of partly clouded skies turned these lights into duds. The light is a nice calming yellowish orange. I can't recommend and won't purchase again.
The shipper (box) was in a very good condition, however, the valve/filter O-ring was not included in the package. Can someone associated with this order help me out in order to get the missing part?
very flimsy for garden use.
It grows fast. It germinated quickly, However, is not grass. It's some kind of very thin and weak plant. You can see in the picture where my grass is and next to it is this thing. As I lightly rake to get the leaves out this comes out with it. But in the end is better than "Scott's" which never germinated.
A gust of wind blew it and bent 2 of the arms.
Didn't have a positioning ring to hold the bottom flag attachments in place. cna't fly 2 flags or flag at 1/2 mast.
We bought this in April and finally got around to opening it. Most of our town in Paradise burned down so we had other things going on. I was so disappointed in the quality of this cooler! Gaps in the wood pieces of wood that were missing. Overall this was not worth the money.
The wall garden pockets are too small and dry out fast, I thought I ordered larger pockets. Bummer.
The vases came in good shape and look very nice but there was no hardware to install them! Now I have the problem of figuring out how to actually hang them.
Colors are bright and size of fish are good. But missing fish from the package. The smaller set was missing the big lead fish. Isn't any good at all now.
It didn't kill the weeds....
One of them had a hole :(
Good product, but my kit was missing 1 grow sponge and 1 plastic dome so I was only able to plant 8 things instead of 9
We bought this hoping it was of good quality, I believe it is , but was sewn poorly. I am requesting a replacement at no charge to us as it was flown 60 days or less. Thank you.
Gave it 2 stars because it actually works pretty well, but it stopped working after one year. Only used it during the summer last year, and when I tried turning it on again, only the lantern light works.
I did not read fine print. I did not realize it was a mixture. My bird are not eating the cracked corn. This would be wonderful if I had chickens, but not the case. My bad!
The hose is cheap plastic. I give it two stars because it is doing what it's advertised. I put it on the pressure washer and we're using it. But I don't expect it to last a season. Very similar to cheap plastic air hoses.
I got them in 2 days after I ordered them I opened up the package and got them out my plan was to put them around my room on the top which I was excited for. Once setting them up they wouldn't stay and I was getting frustrated so I needed to put them somewhere else which ruined the whole point of why I got them also 2-3 leds are blue and also some of the remote buttons don't work. I was very disappointed and hope to hear back from the company :(
The blooms were not abundant! I only 2 flower stalks out of the whole bulb bunch. :(
Purchased 4. They don't work as well as I had hoped. Put them right by active mouse trails with peanut butter in them and they didn't catch a one. Once in a while I would catch one outside where they like to try to get in the house. Still searching for good mouse traps to use outdoors with cats and dogs running around.
the flag I received was advertised as "Flag Proudly Made in the U.S.A. ". Received the flag today and I has Made in China on package. I did not order this flag. very disappointed . I paid more for the USA flag and did not get it. Plan to return
Cheaply made and it ripped very quickly,
2 of the 4 solar torches did not work out of the box.
Bought 4 seed packets from 3 different vendor. Received 4 packages(and a gift) with zero identifying information on the packages or the packaging.
Arrived soaking wet and at least 2 of the leaves were yellow and rotted. Many of the discs were yellowish colored. At least 4 stems have fallen off since arrival 3 weeks ago. No pups. Color in the picture is more green than reality (pixel camera makes it look better than in real life)
didn't work for me. Waste of money
Bought in April 2017 has tears and rips by now.
Packed water bottles and a lunch. The liner tore from the top seam, the first time I used it. The liner is not as big as the bag, so the weight of the items tore the liner.
they rust after one use
The hose has large enough holes that my plants and their leaves would get wet from the spray stream.
This is the second year I've ordered this product. Both times from a different seller. Both times the product is NOT as pictured. Both times Ive gotten a piece of twine attached to hang the Globe. Both times it shows a wire hangers both for hanging with a red gem to hang from the globe. Both times NO gem. Obviously both sellers are purchasing from the same company. Yes could go out and buy the wire attachment and red bead however that should NOT have to happen as it is pictured AND stated to have this. Not happy.
I expected this product to be more durable. After using for only a couple weeks, the hose sprung a leak and is now useless.
This smells horrible..It really smells strong( nothing like peanut butter) and gave me headache. didn't catch anything. It seems very sticky but I think the smell of it gave it away. I would only buy it if it has no scent.
I am a teacher and I used these to decorate a bulletin board at my school. They were exactly what I was looking for. The string wire is thin and flexible. The different color options are nice. However, after the first day, half of the string won't light up. After 3 days (18 hours) the batteries needed to be replaced.
This is a cute flag sign but know that it does not come with the stake that holds it. That has to be purchased separately. The flag also blows off the stake very easily if there is much wind. I had to finally punch a hole in it and tie it to the pole. It also wraps around the pole pretty easily so that no one can see what it says. I probably wouldn't buy it again.
I was very excited for this product based on the good reviews, but found that the spray nozzle does not security screw securely or completely onto the hose and there is a persistent leak even when it is twisted to maximum tightness. I suspect this may be because there is no rubber O-ring like many shower heads or other hoses have so am now going to Lowe's to purchase one or an O-ring
some of the clips had fallen off prior to opening and in just straightening it out, more fell off, they go back on but don't stay. and it is just one strand so if you want it to look like the photo, buy 3!
It was a little frustrating to get the top of the trap out of the bag after it was cut, and it didn't come with anything to hang it with, so I just used some fishing line. It did get the bugs but after two days I had to double bag it and throw it away as it was full of maggots and smelled of rotting meat.
Both sides of the lid substantially rusted in less than a year.
Colors are bright but not that good quality and DO NOT like that they are only one sided.
I had Acorn Woodpeckers coming to my dome feeders all the time and balancing awkwardly to grab the peanuts. To better accommodate them I bought this feeder and filled it with peanuts and mealworms mixed into peanut butter. The feeder has been up for over a month now, and not only have the woodpeckers refused to use it, they now don't even come to the dome feeders any more. It's as if they're afraid of this chunk of pale wood! It seems unfair to give the product, which is simple and sturdy, a mediocre rating, but sadly, and probably through no fault of its own, it just doesn't do the job in my back yard.
I'm not actually sure these do anything. I've had them in my apartment for 3 months now and I still see spiders and centipedes. Maybe it keeps some away, but the last spider I saw was only a few inches away from the device. I'm not totally sold on the product but I still have them plugged in.
Disappointed. Sent back after opening. Missing the screw in part that goes into tree and 1 broken bow on extension. Need to have better quality control. I loved the design and would love to have one. Don't think I'll spend the $40 bucks to get one. Maybe Hawk will send me a good one for FREE, Ha ha, LOL, Right !!!!!
They arrived in good shape but were TINY plants. Not worth it for the cost.
Tire the first time I used them. Poor quality.
Looks pretty lit up but I found the timer feature defective twice. I finally asked for a refund. Don't waste your money.
While it did kill stink bugs, on full contact, it took quite a while. They crawled or flew away, and died about 10 minutes later. I would not recommend it as other, cheaper insecticides work better.
did not open as it was near the size of 4" clamp. Ordered 8" clamp. Holding up project vendor info says refund? wanted right product shipped ASAP
This thing kinda sucks. It falls apart when trying to use and is not very effective. I would just pay your lawn guy to clean your gutters and save yourself the hassle of dealing with this contraption.
Cheap to buy, but very cheaply made. Barely turned a 33 lb lamb. Rotisserie kept coming off motor. If you need something quick and cheap for an event or two it works but dont expect many years of use.
Didn't work as expected. Cut for a few minutes, then stops
Doesn't fit great. Falls off often.
Bag was great for a few months but starts to fall apart. The wire at the top that keeps the top open came right out of the handle.
Clogged after 1st use
I have owned many gravity chairs over the years. Some heavy duty, some not. This one is very uncomfortable and difficult to recline and stay reclined. The angles are wrong for being a comfortable gravity chair. It makes me feel like I am slouching and your lower legs at a steep angle. Wanted to return it to Amazon but they won't let me. They say this item can't be shipped back because "the item contains flammable liquids or gases and can't be returned to Amazon".. So my question is, how did they ship it to me but I can't ship it back?? Frustrating.....
I use this product a lot. Amazon had a $3.50 deal on this tray so why not but when it arrived, the top was broken and basically useless. The pellets are useful tho
great fairy lights. i used these by ducting them around a table to give lights under the tablecloth. very elegant to make remote work remove plastic and change to different twinkle type remove round circle in the battery pack lights do not get hot
Didn't work on Armadillos nor possums
Didn't work for me. Two stars because at least it got yo me.
I am going to have to send back. Bristles have started falling out
Does not come with a Tip, as advertised.
This string is nowhere as strong as it should be, and the twist is more for show.
Not worth the money!! Bought this set for our backyard and the pieces did not match up right, material covered holes where you had to line up. Customer Service wrote me back once to take pictures of what was wrong (which I did) only to keep me in limbo on returning. Waste of money, I was better off getting a set at Costco.
They work, but it doesn't keep the voles at bay.
Why is Amazon sending me out of date tomato seed? This seems kind of shady. Please update your stock or Let me know ahead of time that I'm to receive last years seed. That way it can be by my choice to try it or not, but at least not have to return it. Would like to hear from amazon about this.
The Box clearly states "Leak- Proof Cuffs" (plural) - NOT SO - The swivel cuff if exposed to air will result in loss of suction and may result in pump to stop working. The swivel cuff must be attached to your vacuum head and remain in pool at all times. The stationary cuff on my set is sealed and leak-proof which I place in the skimmer box. The problem I have is when vacuuming the top pool step the swivel cuff is not completely submerged and sucks air thus impacting pool pump operation, so I do this step as the last step in vacuuming operation. I would not buy this product again, unless both ends were stationary cuffs.
Three of the four units broke within the first two months. At first I thought it helped keeping mosquitos away, but in the end they came back.
The lights are beautiful. However, I have tried to hang them around my screened porch. They have fallen and broken at least 10 bulbs. I've followed all of the guidelines for hanging theses lights. I used heavy duty Velcro and they still fell. Not happy at all with this purchase! DO NOT BUY!
The numbers and markings on the rain gauge should be painted BLACK with a permanent black paint so that the rain gauge would be much easier to read.
This hose was great at first, but it only lasted 3 months of normal use. It ripped apart from the inside and water pours out of the tips instead of the nozzle.
The bases look fine and assemble easily. However, they are not heavy enough for a 9' umbrella with a slight breeze.
It fit but the screw for the choke had to be modified. It started on the first pull so it solved that problem but the next day it was leaking gas from the choke and soaked the air filter. Sent it back for a refund
The solar panel has begun to disintegrate after one season. Disappointed.
Opened the box and no battery was included. Also there's no vacuum tube assembly. I can't operate this machine with out these items.
These planters are very flimsy. Would not recommend
I've had this hose twice. Both times it has started to leak and it's no longer able to be used. If you need a hose for 2-3 weeks this is fine but it won't last more than a couple months before you need a knew one.
Good looking product, but a little too fragile
It stopped working, I always stored it in the winter and cleaned it regularly. Thought it would last longer than it did (only 2 years) buy something else.
It broke less than a week after we put it up. My husband was able to weld it back together though...
Has maybe worked a total of 5 minutes since getting it almost a month ago. And it's in direct sunlight
Works ok so far but came with a 600mah battery which does not last long instead of the 1300 mah as the item description says. Dissapointed in battery it came with.
Bought this for a friend snake still come around
Everything seemed to come out with the same result no matter the sample used. Maybe it was user error somehow but it sure seemed like these did not work for me.
Received the bottle but with no top/cap. Once I break the seal, there's no way to close the bottle if I'm not using all of the product at once. At this point it's useless to me. 🙁
Does not turn on when it's cold. I have to remove and bring it inside to warm then put it back outside before it will come on.i have three other laser lights an I don't need to do that with them.
I was sent the wrong item
the compass was as described but it did not come with the teak wood box as stated in the ad therefor I am returning it.
Product doesn't work after about 3 months
Bad germination ratio. I have 4 plants
No very bright at all.
I've had gazebos before. This one does not have grommets for rain/water to drain so it sits and droops. We have to go out and push the water up so it won't tear. Now Im seeing reviews where there is lots of sagging, that is exactly whats happening.
I was only shipped 4 and there were supposed to be 6 in the box. I contacted the seller and got no response.
I would say about 1/3 to 1/2 of the plants were rotted out of the box and showing no signs of life after 2 weeks.
I have a ton of yellow jackets and wasps around my bird feeders and baths so I purchased these catchers. I believe I caught two the entire bee season. For me, they did not work well. The exterminator advised me that these type traps are not that reliable for catching bees and wasps. There were some tiny bugs in them but that's about it.
The fence arrived damaged though the shipping box was fine. Clearly whoever boxed and shipped this product could give a crap that they were sending an obviously defective product. What a waste of my time, now I have to box and return this to get my money back and buy another fence. Clearly not from here again. I gave 2 stars because I think the fence itself (undamaged) would have worked just fine.
Good pump easy to install. The arm that works the pump was to short to hit the lobe in the motor. Had to weld a piece on the end to MAKE IT WORK.
The lights worked well before, recently 2 lights started to blinking, they can not stay on. Then I opened the lights cover to check if there is any issue, oh, the circuit components was rusted. I do not know how this part will rust, I do not understand.
Thought the engine could be used on our spraying equipment. It kept stalling under pressure. Returned for credit.
Sturdy, seems good outdoors. Kit is pretty complete, even has glue for end caps etc. First image was probably because I didn't cut on the little pink scissors image. Second image was a problem with the product. There was a fault in the rope.
First 5 I used all leaked very badly.
One of the units became defective shortly after using. It drains the battery down completely even when it is turned off.
They work and look great at first. After a while the sensor begins to fail so they never shut off during the day and don't give the full light at night.
It was broken into 4 pieces when it arrived.
I had to replace a 3 year old Dramm water wand, saw price of this item and thought "what a deal". Unfortunately the handle started leaking after only one week of use, leaking all over my shoes as I water plants. I should have gotten another Dramm.
Doesn't stay together
The plastic roller handle snapped off as I lifted pressure washer. I notified vender about the problem to no avail. If you buy one be very careful with it so you don't snap something off. The pressure pump does hold consistent pressure to get light duty work done around the house. I gave it two stars because of the difficulty maneuvering the unit around without a handle.
While it was convenient to have the crickets shipped to me in bulk instead of getting a small bag everyday from the pet store, more than half the crickets that arrived were dead. Don't think there was anything wrong with what this company did- having the box of living crickets in a cold box for multiple days banging around would no doubt kill most of them. Probably won't be ordering them online again.
Frame not very sturdy; had two panels completely blow out during a thunderstorm. This would be a great greenhouse if you live in a place without weather. Currently trying to figure out how to get the panels back in without taking the entire thing apart.
I bought 3 sets of these lights and out of the 3 boxes 2 of the tubes don't work. Yes they look great but for how long is another story. I threw away the boxes so I guess I'm stuck with them. Help amazon!!
Though they look nice I am missing a bell and the biggest bell is broke
I was after a new bar. The chain is made of some kind of garbage steel that can't be sharpened. Looks pretty in the plastic all shiny. I'm happy with the bar. Should have used the chain as a necklace.
product specifically stated bed bugs. Product not effective against bed bugs. Very disappointed.
Pro's: Good fit, good looking and protects the grill well for as long as it lasts. (Our grill still looks new). In our location, it see's direct sunlight from dawn until noon, rarely rain and no snow. We've worn out two of these now, and can confidently tell you what to expect, based on these exposure conditions: it will start to crack after two years, and lose most of its protective qualities after three. For $30 less, KingKong grill cover customers are reporting no deterioration after two years. We're trying them next.
50% of the template is patterns. The other 50% they expect you to do it off of mechanical drawings. That's not what I was expecting.
Very thin and flimsy. Hard to work with. If you are buying to put on your pots.. buy the cards instead
I don't think we ever trapped a bee.
I have not used this item yet.
The selling point on this watering device is that everything can be controlled through the app and it is smart, so it varies based on weather. However, the nearest weather station to us was not very close, so our rainfall measurements were always off, which means that sometimes it watered as it was raining. Also multiple times the app refused to save the changes we had made. So you think you schedule watering or disable a particular zone only to go back days later and discover it has completely lost the changes. Very frustrating.
Easy panning dirt good for beginner. Although don't expect over .2 grams of gold
It is inexpensive does the job but only lasts one or two seasons. Wish there was a stronger one that would last longer
great sturdy frame, but after just 3 uses the inside layer of material on the top cover started peeling
Didn't do much work. I had to get another kind of bait.
does not kill fast and does not last
No starts have come up from my seed packet. Although this was a good price, I expected at least one start to begin from the numerous seeds that were sent.
Did good job with leaves but takes a lot of effort to pick up acorns. I bought it in hopes of easy acorn removal from my lawn. Still searching for the right tool. to pick up acorns i had to mow my lawn shorter than i wanted and push the sweeper with the brushes touching the ground.
Takes several days before you can even tell where you sprayed, but does seem to eventually kill some of what you sprayed with it.
The lights are bright and the remote is great, but they stopped working after the first rain fall.
I did not care so much for the product. Did not seem to me to cover as indicated.
We've had them installed for a couple of weeks and they've had no effect.
Bought this package that combined ant moats with hummingbird feeders. Everything looked good until I tried to put it together. Feeder will not hang from moat as it's hook is too large. I had to engineer a fix using steel rings. Poor showing!
Worked great for one season. Tearing now and disintegrating into a powder on the inside. Do not reccomend.
Gorgeous feeder but am yet to attract any finches. Months waiting. Chickadees are the only occasional visitors and they don't stay long either...just exploring and moving on. Pity!
Purchased this product, I can confidently say its useless cheap quality product you will waste lot of water. For cheaper or same price there are better products available. Not sure how it got lot of 5 Stars !!!
It does keep my dogs out of my flower beds, however it sounds constantly vs just when the motion detector senses something. I'm trying to reset but no luck so far.
Not explained clearly, not sure.
I got this on sale. It is kind of garbage. barely blows anything and is effectively a battery powered guest mattress pump masquerading as a leaf blower. other 20v blowers (like the makita) do a lot better. This thing runs for about 20 minutes.
It worked the first time I used it for a party back drop. I attempted to use it again a 2nd time and only half the lights work
Really sloppy fit. The 1/2 bore is slightly over so a 1/2 shaft actually spins without spinning the bearing. You get what you pay for
The rubber hose, clamps, and filter do not properly fit my mower. I had spend an equal amount of money on parts to make the mower run properly
I have been purchasing these for the last five years. The first three years these pool rx cartriges were excellent. I recommended them to several friends in my Rotary club. The last two years the quality and performance have gone down significantly. The last one I purchased was the poorest in performance. I suspect they have been made weaker so that you need to buy them more often. I will not purchase another one until they improve the quality. Jay Smith
I will start by saying it is beautiful One large sack of soft Canvas. Unfortunately one of the ropes broke within 10 minutes of laying in it. I also question how to fit two people in it but I knew the measurements buying it so they are accurate.
Could not get them to grow
My crowns are all dead
cheap plastic and lens is scratched.
I used 3 spools to do my medium sized lawn. Black and Decker specific spools last twice as long.
Very dim. Hardly lights up with fresh batteries.
Well it lasted 3 months before it started leaking badly. It was also very difficult to clean the flowers. Not sure why they need to be this difficult to clean, other brands are not.
I'm disappointed in the generator only because its not quiet. The generator works well, easy to start. I'm able to move the generator around easy. I truly have to wonder how the Inverter part works. It only runs quiet when nothing is plugged into it. I can have the generator 25 ft. away and still hear its noisy engine sounds. At a distance or 50ft. I still do not have to wonder if someone has stolen my generator because everyone can hear it. If someone would like to contact me and school me on how to properly make the generator quiet I would be happy to hear from them.
I bought these extremely expensive poles to hang lights up over my deck. One strand of Christmas lights was too heavy and made the poles lean in. I even tried securing the poles to an adjacent tree, to no avail: They started turning and sliding. The short prongs at the bottom simply are not enough for the tall poles to support even the lightest of lights.
Very good value but I was surprised by the fact that many of them were dead. Also many of the meal worms turn into beetles which I had not anticipated.
The indicator works only when you are watering the plant and it's well hydrated. Even a minute decline in hydration shows up as needing water. It's not accurate at all in telling you when the plant needs watering.
I had the same pool 4 yrs ago and it was a lot sturdier. The legs look like they are going to give way and its on a flat ground...it seems to be leaking underneath but I dont see any rips or holes. They never sent the pole or skimmer net so I had to go buy one.
I'm very disappointed both stations cannot go at the same time. And when it shuts off it makes a horrible sound. It also leaks at the top. Really let down.
While we are generally pleased with the product, one problem that we have had and we are waiting on a response from the company to an email we sent is that the zippers on the mosquito netting are faulty. Two of the four zippers seized up and will not work at all. I have tried everything. They are simply faulty. We need a set of replacement netting and are waiting to see what the manufacture does to resolve this problem. If they follow-up with us, we would definitely rate the product higher because it has many other nice features.
Good price. Easy to replace. Spool seems to last long, however it's such cheap material that I can do about 15 feet before I have to pull out new material. It's annoying.
It served it's purpose, which is why it's getting 2 stars. However, the frame of the item was very unstable. YOU MUST USE TIE DOWNS (for anyone that buys it). It's the only way it stayed standing. No wind, and still needed to downs. I wouldn't keep this up any longer than one time use (like a party) you'll need it for. For the love of your money... DO NOT USE IN WEATHER CONDITIONS THAT HAS MORE THAN A GENTLE BREEZE.... Thankfully, when we used it weather conditions were extremely mild. I don't think it would have held up to any kind of wind.
Don't know how they can offer a 3 year guarantee. Every leaf I touched came off. TOO EXPENSIVE! Worth maybe $20
I ordered this for my office to keep the birds away - we've gone through so many in the past few years because the wings simply get blown to shreds. For the price, it's ok, but only lasts a few months at a time on top of a building downtown.
i used this in my skimmer pump and when you take it out and clean it. it allows a lot of dirt to stay in the pump and go back in the water. not worth the money.
I am finally hosting an event to use the tent. Tabs on top piece pull right off. Expected quality and sturdiness to be much better. Disappointing
Worked for about a week until the insects came back
Through out bag. Had mites. Hope the plants and house recovers.
While I liked the looks of it and was initially happy with it, it took only 2 months for one of the ledges for the birds to perch on to fall off (and the other one looks like it's about to do the same)
They were in poor shape when I got them. None of them survived past a week.
I rarely file a negative review and these watering spikes unfortunately get mine. The theory is great. Put water in a bottle that attaches to a spike into your plants and it will deliver water at a chosen interval. It is all but impossible to regulate the water passing through the "spigot". It either all dumps out or not at all. I have tried over the course of several months to perfect this, because I really want it to work. So far no success!
Its small and barely fits a bigger boxes, if you have one box you cant fit another beside it so you have to pile up, not very effective.
Break after a few snaps...
What a piece of junk did not even last a month before the teeth started breaking off what a waste of money
very poor packing, tiles falling apart. grout all messed up... this thing is too heavy and big to package and ship back
Basil and parsley seeds not good after soaking
I was a bit disappointed. Smaller in size than I realized, and only good for one day! I recommend these for tiny sized plants, but not for regular sized house plants.
I received my order today however product did not have an inner seal and half the bottle was empty i am rather upset about that
Inadequate instructions. Suction cups are worthless. In 1/2 hour of use I had to replace the water 4 times, as it all sprayed out of the container. The spray nozzles look slightly different, but the volume and height were the same. All in all a pretty cheap piece of equipment.
The handle is so short that the wagon hits your heels when you pull it. I don't recommend this product.
Less than a month of use,running 6 hours a day and it has crapped out. Edit: After much running around and dealing with Intex support the replacement has arrived and seems to be working. The problem the support person said was that I used an extension cord and had burned up the motor on the pump. Thing is the motor would run fine for 2 minutes then shut off.
Woodpeckers pecked right through this.
Started out as a great sturdy flag holder, Until it completely sheared off. Perhaps mine just had a flaw in the metal.
Did not come with the light bulb very disappointed.
I bought the used one, and it did not work at all, the light bulb did not work at all. Returned
The float I this carb did not work and continually flooded when I installed it. I ended up reusing the float and needle from the old carb to get it to work right.The Engine I installed it in ran fine after that modification now though. Delivery was painfully slow.(from China which I didn't realize until I reviewed my order later.) I would like to see Amazon add a note informing us more easily of what country the product comes from.
I have an acre lot near woods in South Louisiana. We set up during the middle of the season so used two sets as recommended. The mosquito population dwindled SLIGHTLY...only slightly. Not anywhere near the 95% promised. I won't be buying again.
I loved this hose when I first received it. The pressure/ flow rate was good, the hose didn't kink, and it did a great job of watering evenly throughout my entire garden. However, after only a couple of months it began leaking horribly near the connector because it split at the seam. I would recommend going with another brand.
Some came broken, some just don't work. Whoever said you get what you paid for.... This is an instance of that hahahah. Very poor quality. They sit in the sun all day and if one decides to work it only works for 2 hours. Boo!
Did not do much good.
Left a film on the inside of the spa. Won't use this brand again.
There is DEFINITELY not 100. Not even close. Regretting this purchase
The lights were really bright when I first got them but only 3 short weeks they are very dim and barely light up my driveway.
Worked for a month, then filled with water and died.
This motor doesnt seem to be as described. I bought this motor with the hopes it would be the exact motor I needed to replace. This doesn't seem to be the case. The motor doesn't seem to have the same power as the previous motor. Not only that the motor has shut off several times after the install for unknown reasons. I have tried to research and figure this issue out. I will be contacting the seller and or Pentair to return or figure out the issue. For the money spent I expected better as I never had a issue with the old motor until it died.
I wanted to hang plants up high on my new deck. At maximum height, the hanging plants were not much higher than the railing. We tried to use them anyways, and could not find a way to firmly attach them to the deck rail - there simply is not enough overhang on the bracket to keep the plants from falling and smashing on the ground below within hours. It seems very sturdy, but only suitable for birdfeeders or windchimes. The adjustment screw has rusted within a month of being outside.
Very cute inflatable. Unfortunately, it's motor isn't very strong. The mildest winds make it bend over at the waist. We were constantly adjusting it to make it stand up. Also, it's lightbulb burned out within a few weeks. Not awesome.
This is definitely not 5' maybe 3' all stretched out.
Worked perfect for about a month, then it stopped. Stationed overseas right now so a return is out of the question. Thought there might be a fuse under the cover but no such luck. Another purchase in the landfill. Would buy again if I was in the states.
Save your money and buy a metal one. This plastic one broke off just above the "Y" when I pulled on the hose. I did really like this until that happened.
This was a good product until a month after I had it. One of the remotes stopped working.
This hose lasted me 4 months. Less than half the time as the other 2 I have tried. The nozzle is stiff and hard to turn.
Sold on this smoker because of its low, low price and amazing reviews over at Amazing Ribs and elsewhere. And it's true it has some major selling points: temp can get as low as 175, holds temp very consistently, has a huge capacity. However! For low and slow smoking, I've already returned to user my Weber kettle grill, where I get much more flavorful results. The main drawback here is that wood and charcoal do not stay lit in this product when you're cooking low and slow, even when you burn them on high with the door open for 20 mins or so with the door open, before turning down the heat and closing the door. You have to be up around 300 degrees consistently for coals or wood to stay lit, too hot for brisket, short ribs, smoked fish, you name it! Would recommend either spending less and making due OR spending more. This product misses the mark if you're trying to cook low and slow.
I don't know how to contact seller. I received my bumper stickers and flag, but no yard sign. The yard sign was the reason behind my order. How can I contact seller?🤔
These gloves are nice and thick and protect me while gardening. Unfortunately, after only 2 months use, they are coming unsewn between thumb and forefinger. That is just unacceptable. Would not recommend.
It's a great concept but I'm looking for a feeder that I don't have to check every day. The way it's built, once the chicks ate, the holes did not refill on it's own. I had to reach down inside and shove more food down into the holes. Kind of defeats the purpose.
Flimsy and looks cheap
I received my generator yesterday with a disturbing damage to the packaging, which does not guarantee that I have suffered any damage generator that also costs a lot of money. My punctuation will change if at the moment put into operation is in perfect condition
These things are tiny. XL? By who's standard? Maybe they're designed for women and I missed this in the description. Maybe great gloves otherwise, but doesn't matter if you can't stuff your fingers in them.
This umbrella, while very nice looking, appears to be of poor quality. The ribs are weak and we have had 1 bend to the point of almost breaking the first use of it.
I selected this feeder because it promised ease of cleaning. Instead of having to unscrew the base of the feeder, two spring loaded tabs are depressed and the base pops off. Great idea, but the first time I cleaned it one of the tabs flew across the kitchen and could not be reattached. I am still using the feeder but have to cram a little piece of wooden matchstick in the hole.
These looked great right out of the box. They seemed well constructed and easy to assemble & install. Worked well for several months although not nearly as bright as my wired 10 watt led landscape lights. However, they proved to be a poor value since they have all slowly dimmed and now died within a period of 6 months.
Poor quality and small for the price. Does not spin in the wind, unless there is a hurricane. Solar light is very dim.
Product works well and throws the snow a good distance. However upon my third use of the product there is one tiny screw that holds the handle on. This screw fell out and because the handle is adjustable and the screw only has about 3 threads to hold the screw in when the screw came out it stripped the threads making it impossible to get a new screw in to hold the handle on the machine.
I love these lights and got many complements on them. They are hung on a covered porch out of the elements, yet after only 2 months about 8 of the lights have gone out.
Overall I like this product- it's why I came back to buy more. However, one of these hoses has sprung a leak somewhere in the middle. It's a fine mist but a leak just the same and I'm not happy. Worried that the others will end up with something similar. WHY can't anyone make a durable, lightweight, dependable hose?!
Worked great for a couple months then stopped working while another brand has continued to work right alongside this one. Only purchased a different one because it turned out I needed two and this one was out of stock at the time. Now both have worked right alongside each other til this one crapped out.
I have ordered about 3 of these over the years and they look great but they are not quite strong enough if you live somewhere that gets windy. Since they are aluminum they don't rust but they do break eventually. Usually the teeth (for angle adjustment) break off or the main bolt pulls through the bracket. I like the fact that they don't trust so I just keep buying them. They are inexpensive.
Easy to assemble, bigger than I expected so a lot of plants fit under the lamp. The hook that connects the lamp to the frame broke immediately, so I rigged a paper clip to hang the lamp from the frame. This lasted 2 days, the paper clip held but the lamp went out and I can't figure out why it won't turn on.
bought to use it with Google mini but the damn thing refuses to connect to the router. using the remote control but I wish I could use voice commands
Dry rotted and ripped apart in less than 1 year.
Beautiful way to spice up a centerpiece at my friends baby shower but WAY to messy but it did look very real and for the price you get a lot of it!
Disappointed that it doesn't say anywhere on the description that this product doesn't come with anything to hang it with. Other than that it looks like the picture.
These are not “warm” white like the box states ... these are a cool white... I don't like the look of cool at all. Which stinks because I love the remote and look of the lights just not the color.
Fins that go into the ground are cheap plastic and broke in a moderate wind storm.
My hummingbirds love this feeder, but they just don't last. Handwashed but still eventually leaks. Been through two. Ends up being a bee feeder in the end. Can't see myself buying this again.
A poorly built product, not flush or even on the bottom when put on another box. The dovetail joints did not have a tight fit and had gaps . The wax seemed to have melted to the bottom of the frame.
The grill worked well enough for about 4 years. We took good care of it, always used a cover, etc., but like for others, the grill tent holders rusted out, and as a result the grill surface collapsed in. These little things are part of the grill box and cannot be replaced. We now need a whole new grill.
Pretty flimsy and doesn't hold up very well
White border around the sticker which makes it look like low cheap quality if you aren't putting the sticker on an white background
The cushions are poorly made, the ties are not evenly spaced, not in line with the cushion. There are sewing gaps where the cushions are put together. Color is the only positive. Very poor quality!
Our co uses these all the time but first time ordering from Flora Guard. First 3 plastic rings broke when inserting into bags very cheap and brittle plastic. Hope the bags hold up better (2 stars for hoping). Will go back to the other supplier
Despite several attempts to eliminate the leaks at the outlet end and the nozzle end, I could not make the connections water-tight. I used pipe tape, new washers and a plumber's stop-leak sealant. It was down to minor dribbles at both ends... Then just last week, my spouse went out to water some new flowers and she got watered! I've not had problems with hoses like this before. The only reason it doesn't deserve a one-star rating is that the hose itself didn't leak. Count this hose as a don't bother, find something else. The brass fittings are light-gauge and may be mis-sized or not quite round? But , I'm done trying to fix a crappy hose! I should have sent this back after my first couple of tries to make it leakproof but...
Was really excited after installing it - was everything I was looking for. but after only 2 months, the chain mechanism has failed and i can no longer roll up my hose . . . not sure if it's purely poor craftsmanship, or I got a "lemon". Going to contact Liberty to see if their customer service is any better than their product.
The quality is not what I would expect from a 3D printed item. I don't know if it's the file they used to print or their printer but the quality left some to be desired for me. I don't know if the photos show it or not. Will still use for the gift I bought it for. Once their is a plant in it Would be less noticeable. Did not return it as I need it this week.
Easy to assemble but completely burned the topper when lit.
There was mold on the bulbs when they arrived. The only thing to do to hope to save some was to plant them even though it was January. It appears that six plants are growing and healthy at this time. The bulbs did not nearly appear to match the internet description of fall crocus bulbs. We can only see what develops. I am highly dissatisfied with the bulbs, the packaging in which they arrived and the lack of any type of communication from the seller. True the seller was mailing from China, but in my opinion the person could have attempted to brief the customer (me) about his/her product. I will for the sake of fairness follow up if and when we have success either what's left of these bulbs. That would be if they survive and bear any saffron.
**EDIT: I originally gave this 1 star, but the customer service was so good that I changed it to 2 stars. I still do not recommend the product. I really wanted to like these traps, but they are inhumane. I did catch a mouse, the trap was clamped around his head. But the mouse was totally alive, just injured. As soon as I opened the trap, the mouse scurried off. There's just not enough force in the "snap". Killing mice isn't a pleasant experience, but these traps made it worse. I put my request in for a refund and will be sending back.
Worked first day then nothing
Beautiful glass on top. Cheap plastic bottom which cracked almost immediately.
Only had 9 tests? No matter which way I sliced it, 9 tests.
I used this to apply pesticide to trees and shrubs. The pressure guage never worked for me. It still sprayed great for about 2 weeks. Then started leaking from faulty guage. Its a junk plastic guage. I regret this purchase. Low quality guage ruins purchase. Boooooo!
there is no instruction, contacted seller; i will update this in few days
The quality wasn't quite there. One of the tassels fell apart before I even hung up the banner. I had to cut off the other tassel and retie the ends so I could hang it. For the price, the banner should have included a suction cup hook. On the positive side, the colors are bright and the flag seems otherwise strong.
After being outside for 2 weeks the pillow is fading
I'm starting to think ordering online is not the best choice. This fern came broken and the leaves were browning. As you can see it looks nothing like the picture. It didn't even come in a nursery pot, just plastic wrap and tape. It was shipped in a box that crushed the top leaves. I hope I can keep it alive or I've wasted money. I wouldn't buy from this company again.
I think my flies are too smart for this thing. :(
Initially very please, but this last less the 3 months before stated leaking.
These lights suck and are cheap don't buy Like the way they look but one didn't work out of the box. Not very bright.
Used the thermometer that this pot came with and boy was that a horrible idea. The thanksgiving turkey was so burnt after 45 minutes. Unsure why, we checked the oil temperature with a high quality thermometer and the temperature was off by 50 degrees! Lesson learned, don't use the generic kit thermometer!
I should have researched more, can get 10 tapes at Walmart for under $2. Oops !
Had to hot glue the LED strip to the back of the TV because the sticky back is lacking ability.
the company sent me the wrong color. I asked for Turquoise & I got beige I bought another from different company
This sauce tasted good but it arrived shattered. I threw the whole thing away. I ordered another bottle and I am hoping for the best. If it arrives broken i will escalate.
Ordered one that said the packaging was damaged... Well the bucket has a huge dent and the product is not eligible for a return. Very disappointing.
The larger hummingbird feeders do not work. The two parts that go together don't connect There's nothing holding them together so the bottom just falls off! Definitely pay more and get something that works!
In the product description it says it can be used to cool a patio area so I figured it would be great to cool plants in my greenhouse. It's good for watering plants a few moments at a time but it's not mist- you will be soaked the moment you turn it on. Too much water spraying to put on a timer and leave on for the afternoon in the greenhouse. Had hoped to replace the cheap but real misters that constantly clog which I have gotten from the big box stores.
Lights are yellowish not a bright white as I had hoped.
This is a ridiculous contraption.
sort of works, but not as well as the old standby, flypaper strips
Used this for the 1st time and the back wheels fell off. I was told this isn't one of the "good mowers" and that I should've spent the extra money to get a better one because you get what you pay for. Lesson learned.
There are several very small screws to take it apart. Thought I had them both secured tight after inserting batteries but one was ruined by a water leak same day.
Had this Item for a year and it is already ripping everywhere and faded badly. I do not recommend.
Product not very good. Still have bugs in my house. Recently been getting but by spiders. Wouldn't recommend it. Have it next where my son sleeps and he wakes up with the bits. Had to get regular bug spray
I dislike how the battery wore out within two weeks. Very disappointing. I used it for my indoor container garden.
The box was damaged and I could tell it had been opened and then taped shut could have happened during shipment . Disappointed that I got the grill mats but no digital thermometer.
Poorly packaged. Small for the price. Good customer service.
We really loved this sprinkler at first, but now, several times it has gone off the track OR it won't shut off automatically like it is supposed to. So consequently a couple of times it was left on overnight and we had a horrendous water bill!!!
Purchased 6 months ago, held up well until now. Almost a 12inch rip formed on the top of the cover near the stitching and another rip is forming on the other side of the cover. The grill is now exposed to rain and rust, no longer a grill cover. Disappointed it only lasted 6 months.
We could never figure out how to put it on. Both my husband & I are handy & DIY with building out house from the inside out, but we just couldn't seem to get this to work. Too bad because if we had better directions (too many straps), I think that it would probably work.
One side panel was missing, seems flimsy. Serves purpose of storing some outdoor items. Wouldn't buy again.
When I receive the plant, I didn't know what it was, I had to go look at my orders. It looks nothing like the picture. It's got these pale small leaves and no flowers. The good news is that the leaves are firm. It's also a small specimen and arrived very tumbled. It is going Through leave drop, I found about 10 fresh leaves dropped on the soil this morning. We just got it 2days ago. I regret the purchase; not worth $16. I might've found a bigger better specimen at the big box stores if I had waited. I Replenished it soil today and washed off some of the soil from its leaves from the tumbling. Let's hope it makes it.
This hose is not what I was looking for. The hose is super long and super thin. It doesn't produce the water output or pressure that I wanted. I give 2 stars for the fact that it doesn't leak and it does kinda work as a water hose.
Labeled my entire raised bed seed plantings using the included marker, In a little over a week of sunshine all the label tags were blank. Now I don't know what is what. Maybe a different marker would help
Material of hose extremely thin, under one day of normal use, hose failed and a large hole developed, thus unable to use
These are flimsy and not a heavy quality! We had to have someone put new brackets on them as they bent and fell off railing. We lost the plants! This is the look we wanted but not worth the money! They do not sit up right on the railing and bend to easily!
Except in BRIGHT sun... then it'll suck water and create a small fountain. Kinda figured between other reviews and the price, but figured we'd try it.
The covers looked great when we received them. The product has already faded in less then a month. I'm disappointed with that.
I have a lot of plants in my house. Unfortunately, one got infested with gnats and they spread to the rest. I bought a 12 pack of the butterfly shaped fly traps so that I would have at least one for each plant. There were only 10 in the package, so I came up short. I'm disappointed in the quality control.
Worked for a few weeks and petered out. Not sure how well it worked as we had maybe 2-3 mosquitoes in it in the time we used it throughout the summer.
Compared to a steel brush one, this is relatively hard to use. It takes a bit more force to scrape it with the swirly wires and constantly have to use the metal tip to scrape the top and the sides.
Having issues with these getting plugged by dirt like other reviewers, they sit in the pot and stay full, or they drain out.... Wish they were my solution as I simply kill plants by over-watering or under-watering. BOO
The product is 5 stars but was damaged during shipping. The post that is supposed to hold umbrella is bent preventing umbrella from sliding all the way down. I already threw shipping box away and too much of a hassle to ship back so I'm stuck with defective base. If it was not for shipping damage I would have given 5 stars.
The bottle leaks where the vent is. It doesn't matter how it is turned. The nipple design in the bottle doesn't allow the calf to fully finish a bottle...leaving around 1/4 C. milk in the bottle each time - that adds up. Disappointed...going back to our Little Giant bottle.
Would have been happy with the product if it hadn't been delivered totally shattered. Planned to use it as a centerpiece for my upcoming wedding :(
Placed 4 in RV. Mice still tried to move in.
Wasted my money.. Junk!!!!
We bought 2 for wasps and wood bees. Not very effective for us. Caught a few bugs, but definitely not worth the money for their effectiveness.
It would be a great product but after having it for only a month it is already rusting in multiple spots.
Makes a frequency noise, but our mouse laughs at them.
After one month it will no longer hold water
Top blade broke off after several hours of moderate use. I hope to get my money back
Very hard to line everything up to get the top screwed back on
Junk.... stay with OEM if at all possible.
A little leakage is not very good
This cover fits my CharBroil grill but its loose and sloppy. The fabric is very flimsy unlike my previous grill cover which was stiffer and held its shape. this one touches the ground when its on the grill and leaves dirty marks on the top of the grill which i dont know if they will come off now.
Did not hold up. 2 weeks later pool was leaking again
I would rate it a five in the summer and zero in the winter.when it's below 50 outside it barely gets over 100 degrees while cooking
Used 2 times and broke
Honestly it is useless:(
This product is made from good quality material and will withstand the southwest sun. However, the head does not move enough to scare birds away. Placed it on the back cinderblock wall and moved it around a lot, but had zero success. Even with the high winds of the early summer, the head didn't move enough to make a difference.
This is a tough. Love the look but it burned our deck! Be CAREFUL!!!!!
Hard to access the reservoir. Overpriced for the quality
They worked well the first week! They have such a cool light and shadow that they make. After a week, only 3 work well. I'm very disappointed because I really enjoyed their light.
The handle is very narrow. Does not distribute weight well when attempting to get fish.
top was almost torn off sides were open directions falling out...haven't opened it yet it was to be a present...don't know if tiller is damaged
Should've known it would be trouble from the misspelling on the box (see attached photo). Directions are terrible, steps are out of order, I had to take it apart three separate times before it was finally put together correctly. Save yourself time and watch the assembly video on YouTube. Blades also ding very easily, drug it over a few small stones near shore, blades are all dinged up. It "works", however you will need some kind of rake to remove the weeds, this will only cut.
The moisture reading was not working properly so I got a replacement quickly but then that one didn't work either. I told them not to worry about sending another replacement. I bought one at my local nursery instead.
I bought this thinking it would last at least a couple years. Not even 6 months use and totally gone. Busted 3 -4 feet from the nozzle. Very disappointed in this product
The statue is very pretty, but the switch doesn't work properly and it keeps turning itself off. When it works, it is beautiful. Unfortunately, it won't stay on. It is too late for me to return it, so I am stuck with a defective item.
Disappointed, not waterproof. Don't expect to uncover your furniture and sit on it immediately after a good rain.
The brush didnt last. the brush was flat after used
I am so disappointed with this canopy. The color is definitely not beige, more like a pale rust color and does not go at all with the pillows and cushions on my patio furniture. It also does not hang as nicely as other canopies I've had and is slightly smaller. I needed it so I did put it up, thinking I'd get used to it, but no. I've chosen to live with it because of the cost and effort it would take to replace it, but it just makes me unhappy to look at it.
Im a little confused and irritated. I bought two of these and they are almost different products! One floats while the other sinks. One cant hold the 3 aaa batteries in the correct position so they slip off the terminals and the light turns off very quickly, the other one is fine. One is brighter than the other. When changing the color in one it turns off for a split second and turns back on wiith the new color, the other one changes color without shutting down. Buying this product is a gamble, you might get a good one or you might get a bad one.
Not very useful actually.
It took me several days to get the light and panel mounted it final destination. as you can see it does it job quite well. Been trying to contact the manufacturer and have not had any luck. Need a better rechargeable battery for the light. When I looked at replacing found out it is hardwired into the light fixture. Looks like I should have investigated this light a little more closely before purchasing. Changed my rating to 2 stars which I find to be generous.
I liked the light weight of this cart. However, the front end is only as strong as the welds, which broke under less than 100 lbs. over rough terrain. On a flat surface, it works fine, but don't expect it to hold together under a medium load over rocky ground. It cannot handle it. I found out while duck hunting this year. Now anyone considering this cart as a hunting tool like I did can cross it off your list of possibilities.
Customer service was very good,however product arrived missing a main part,unable to assemble and part unavailable, refund issued ,two stars only because of customer support
I could not be more disappointed with this product. The soap dispenser area of this nozzle broke within three uses. Having fiddled with it I had it fixed for a few more uses, but now the valve or something doesn't work and water seeps into the soap area, it leaks, and you're out of product before you've actually turned the soap dial to use soap.
The wallet is pretty and works but it is cloth not leather.
Didn't work in my pond. I still have mega algae!
Looks big and tough in photos but actual product has small diameter bracing. Could see where some easily broke for other reviewers. Pulled out of box sat in for 2 minutes and realized it's not very strong. Returned to Amazon.
Both of the two covers ripped in one year. I had to buy the same to replace to look consistent with the other covers I have.
Please check this product out. This is the second unit I've received and both have same problem, the green 'charged' light comes on when plugged in, without a battery attached. I'm going to try to charge the battery pack with this 2nd unit to see if it works, but will have no idea by looking at the charger when and if the battery is charged.
A decent snow shovel would do just as good. What I do like is the scraper has a round type edge so does not catch on uneven concrete. What is obvious is you still nee a snow shovel to clean up the snow rom where you dump the snow from the Aero snow plow, (I really don't think you could or should call this a snow plow-it's more scraper than anything else).
This was supposed to simplify my life, but unfortunately it sits packed back in its box. First, it is easy to set up, and seems to be a sturdy product, but I couldn't get it to clean more than a four foot radius. It scoots around that circle nicely. Second, the seller didn't want it returned, instead they provided advise. I had already tried what they suggested, and now I have a useless vacuum sitting in garage.
The line is not well secured and comes undone.
I have livestock. These were purchased to use in the house because sometimes we get some flies that end up inside. After a month, one of them is already cracked and broken. Inexpensive enough, not a big deal. But, the quality and durability is lacking.
When I got it look almost dead And after three weeks still looks dead Will not Purchase this again
I ordered 2 buckets 2 buckets arrived but only 1 lid and 1 valve
There are a couple of problems with this item. First of all, it is super tiny. You can barely fit 2 plays per shelf. I could get over that as it is my fault I didn't pay more attention to the fins listed in the description but my main problem is that the water drains completely out. I can't imagine many plants would thrive in this design. The dirt gets so dry that when you try to water the plants, the dirt just pours out of the top of the pocket along with the water. I am attempting a return. Also I now have 50 dollars worth of plants that are dying and I need to buy another planter to try to replant and save them.
Bad quality. The rubber tube inside the skin blew up after about 7 months. Used several times only. I would be a lot better of with just traditional garden hose.
none of them germinated. i think i got a bad package of seeds?
Didn't do the job.....a waste!
I purchased this pump to replace the little one that came with my 10ft easy set pool. The original was noisy and barely moved any water. It would not keep the pool clean and the filter had to be changed at least 3x a week. The pool is on a patio, so there is no dirt getting in it. The new pump moves a considerable amount more water and hooked right up to the old connections. The filter can go 1-2 weeks with no problem and the pool stays clean. This pump is a little noisy as well. It's outside our bedroom sliding door, otherwise I doubt I would really hear it. Update: The pump got noisy in the middle of the night and quit working completely. The breaker tripped and it shut off. Went to check it this morning and the motor is stuck. Water is leaking from the bottom of the motor area. I will call Intex tomorrow, as they are closed on the weekend. Warranty is said to be 1 year and I am about a week shy of that now. I will update again regarding the warranty process.
Don't notice much effect of mosquito reduction
We got this in the first part if June. Si have had it maybe 3 weeks. Very sad to say I enjoyed it for maybe 5 times. And now the ropes are slowly breaking! I am may 145 lbs. So I don't understand. But we do have it outside in s.c. heat. I was hoping it last the summer.
Seemed to be a great product, but I returned them because the lights were a soft blue, not white.
Arrived bent and un-usable. Poorly packaged. Cost too much to send back.
These lights are a hazard!! Had them in my daughters room. The usb blew. Could have set the house on fire. I am so disappointed. Very thankful nothing awful came of this in my daughters room. It kept shorting out so I checked it and found a hole in the plastic of the plastic casing that hold the circuit board for the lights. Plan to write the company for a full refund. I am past the return date for Amazon or I would return them to Amazon.
Heavy, bulky, unreturnable. The auto-feed is a joke, it never works
it was too big did not use for application it was too big
They are very small and I expected them to give more light, they really give little to no light. In the photo they look super bright but they are not.
Paint is peeling after less than one week, disappointing.
Bout these for atv s and lawnmowers. I'm not sure if they filter well but the couple that I have used have clouded up and one warped each end. I uninstalled it cuz I didn't trust it to stay together.
I bought this based on the ATK recommendation and the unavailability of their top option. I think they got it wrong for once. The scrubber pads only lasted 2 uses before the outer layer was fraying and coming off. Metal shavings were exposed making it no better than a normal metal bristle scrubber. The pad is also very loose in the holder and doesn't allow for scrubbing of caked on messes, it just rips more. The cleaner itself does even work that well on cast iron grates like those found on the Weber Genesis II and Spirit II. It was much more effective for cleaning my stainless grates on the upper platform on my grill. I would highly recommend against this product.
It was used as directed and didn't do anything at all for my mole issue. :(
I had them in my potted plants for about a month and the writing faded completely. I wrote on them with a sharpie. I wish that I could return them. The pots were in partial sun.
HARD TO KEEP ON FEET
not as advertised, very small
It does not look very good. I understand it is an artificial ivy screen, but even from a far the fence did not look good.
The remotes are cheap quality and I had to return it because one of them was busted in the battery compartment when received.
Akward sized netty potts, horrible airstones and pump. You can make a DIY better and cheaper with better parts.
Did not perform as well as expected.
It definitely is not heavy duty, barely a month and the edge is already fraying. Very disappointed
Followed pre-planting instructions but all died within a week
The pots are way tinier which makes it harder to hold any plants straight. As the plants will grow there is no support for the plants to remain steady.
I like these, and we bought two sets, but when the day is what the weather folks call "partly cloudy," the lights are pretty dim. They work as described, but if I had it to do over, we'd purchase some with a bigger collector surface area - even if the appearance proved unappetizing. At night that flaw would not be visible anyhow. UPDATE It's been 90 days and all the lights are dead. Lowered rating.
They don't work very well
Poor quality, cannot get them to pop up or rotate like the ones I bought directly from Hunter.
The delivery was quick. The plant was MUCH smaller than its online photo: three TINY leaves. So far it is living, and I nurture it.
WARNING: If you are short or have short legs you may want to reconsider. Here is why: look at where the frame for the front legs hold the rocker arms. Those are collars that slide back and forth so that you can collapse the chair. The collars stop about 6 inches from the front of the rocker arm in the chairs full open position. They are collars so they surround the entire circumference of the rocker arm (like a nut on a bolt), so when the chair is rocking toward the front, it hits this collar and stops the forward motion. Its not a little bump either its a dead STOP and there is no forward motion beyond that point!! Therefore, if you have short legs you will rock toward the front with VERY limited motion. Long legs and taller you will rock toward the back and possibly no problem. For the record, I am 5'8" . Sturdy construction and not to heavy. I am sad I have to return it but I can't rock on it.
My stock or original carburetor needed to be rebuilt do to needle valve broke. It was just as cheap and seemed easier to just replace it. Ended up using most parts out of the stock carburetor on my engine in the body of this one. I tried using this one at first but just would not run right. Tried to adjust and everything but had to swap stuff around.
The baiting situation is clumsy for chipmunks, the most effective bait is bird seed and this trap is not set up for floor triggering
Bad product. Lost all my fish when I flipped. Bad latch and I made special effort to insure it was tight. Maybe I got a bad one??
price was great, bought it twice, very uneven results over two seasons, inconsistent blade growth on second batch...
Is a professional pest control company I bought these for myself and my employees nothing much to rave about. Quality of product is a bit questionable. One would expect a bit of a higher quality from a name Brand like this.
It took a long time to arrive; in addition, it did not grow.
Way to much work actually for the jobs I need. Uses a lot of power from battery continued to loose power.
Worked great for the first year, and then immediately sprung a big leak. Just checked, and the warranty is one year...
Did not even have the pool but a year and it's so rotted around the frame that it just broke! Not worth it! And they had to replace it once before bc they sent me the wrong parts
They all arrived alive, but didn't have nearly enough food. Before a week was up they had ate it all and was scrambling for 2 days to feed the 8 remaining. The company said "sorry best we can do".
Great product but the insert inside both my boxes said I was supposed to receive a hammock pad. Neither box had a hammock pad very disappointed
Although the pressure washer works as promised. 1. The delivery was 5 days late. 2. The instructions are difficult.oi a. Read booklet carefully. The unit does not come with engine oil. b. Directions for installing water supply filter and "o" ring gaskets are very very poorly written. I had to query the internet about the "o" rings and in line water supply screen filter for clarification. c. There are no instructions on attaching the pressure wand holder. d. There are no warranty instructions or registration. The Amazon Ad says the unit is warrantied for 2 years, but there are no details in the booklet or shipping box.
Stopped working after only 3 months! Wish I could get repaired or replaced. Loved it while it was working but simply stopped!
I bought this hose late December and by July it already had two holes in it. I always wrap it up and drain after use. Even with good care this hose did not last. If you do buy make sure the hose is empty after using.
The blower was great when it worked and the vacuum was great too. Sometimes would get clogged with too many leaves and was a bit time consuming to mulch all my leaves even with a small yard. Even worked with wet leaves! Went to do some end of season cleanup and it wouldn't start, tried different power cords, different outlets, checked to make sure the safety was pressed, nothing worked. Called up several Certified Service Centers and they all said they don't do repairs on electric blowers....so my only choice is to send it back to Toro and see if it's a defect that can get me a replacement. I would recommend going with a gas blower so if something happens, it can be fixed.
Bought this at the start of summer and by the end the pool was full of little blue plastic pieces and the cover is disintegrating. Went to the trash today.
Ewww, so ugly in person. Returned immediately.
Love the lights. Perfect number. Hated that it faded horribly in less that 2 months. Now looks pink and white striped.
It arrived in a damaged box, smelling awful (like rotten moth balls). Discovered when I opened the box that the paint, which I assume is some sort of powder coat, is flaking off. Returning.
The plants were healthy but too small with a small root. The fish (tiger barbs) swim near and uproot them. I've had to put them back in the gravel every day since i got them and will not do it again. I have other plants that have been in place for many years with no problems. A bigger plant may have done better but these were disappointing.
Worked great when we first got it. After about a month though water leaked behind the lens and now it is always fogged up and the projected image is now blurry. Disappointed, especially since I cannot easily disassemble it to clean lens. Wish I would have returned it. Unfortunately the return window closed before I could.
It finally came on after jealous attack of Christmas lights. If you want it to light up, good luck.
This statue is made of epoxy resin. Not stone at all. Has flash almost everywhere the mold separates. Arrived broken. Would not recommend.
It moved well over my vinyl pool but didn't pick up the small pollen, just kind of stirred it up. Doesn't have any sort of brush motion underneath and actually a bit above the ground so the suction wasn't strong enough. It was a little more consuming to clean it then I wanted to hassle with. I liked that it was electric.
Very cheap. Half didn't work or stopped working after less than a week. Great value.... IF they work. About a 40% failure rate. My advise: find better quality ones
The Middle on this product is very thin and cheesy. Did not hold up in a small load only got to use twice and already broken:(
It kills the Japanese beetles, but you end up bringing in more in your yard than you bargained for. It attracts more bugs.
Product is not working properly, forts 2 days it was fine , after thst water is coming out of the pipes soaking the candles and stoping wayer from running.
Really getting tired of all this cheap ass plastic junk. Plastic does not last outdoors
Looks great but the solar aspect of the product doesn't work
The poles are made of extremely thin metal. No matter what I did, I couldn't get them straight. Two of the pointy stakes snapped off in the ground. I've used them and they are dirty from being in the ground or I'd return them!
Drain on bottom will not let tube for water level to rise. Poor function and quality. Container flimsy.
These aren't fairy lights. They are overpriced for just a regular set of LED Christmas lights
Cheap products, tho thoughtful
This is an ugly rock. Looks fake and has no definition. Basically an oblong piece of plastic. The stakes that are provided are short and there are no holes to tap them through. Sandstone has a reddish hue. This rock is basically a greyish white? I opened the box when delivered and promptly sealed it back up and shipped it back. Very disappointed.
Not worth the money. Very small and very slippery. Every time I step on the rug it slides on the floor.
I bought this roller believing it would make cleaning up the nuts in my yard each fall. Rolling the collector is easy...it just doesn't pick up the nuts in one roll. I had to use both hands and lean into each roll several times over each acorn. Then it would only pick up full acorns, not the shells. If it were being used to pick up something large, like walnut, it would probably be worth the money. But to use to clean up yards of unwanted acorns..not so much. I have nothing bad to say about the company or the shipping.
Does not cut thick grass well. Bag fills up very quick. For the price I would personally recommend buying a gas mower.
I don't like anything about this product. I am covered in bite marks with the zapper by my bed and I take it with me wherever I am. It went off one time! We can hit the flies and mosquitos landing on the zapper. But the light does not attract them even during the night. Works best as a nightlight. Definitely returning after a week.
Put this cover on at the start of last summer 2018 on new Performer. Fit was good and liked the look and buckles to hold cover on during wind. Left the cover on with the grill out in the snow over the winter. This last month the cover fell apart! The fabric was rotting and holes formed in a number of spots around the cover. I've had Weber grills and covers for 30+ years and never had this problem. Weber covers have lasted us 5 to 8 years with no problem. This is not a good value cover.
Very disappointed to open box and think I was gonna have 5 new bulbs I could replace in my grow tent and only 3 worked.
Any breeze at all causes it to swing all over. It free floats from the top causing it to be constantly moving. I had to replace a rivet with a bolt on the top piece. I wouldn't recommend this umbrella if you have any sort of breeze. Also the necessary umbrella base is huge. I realize it has to be. This is my first offset and my last. Price is fair. I have another regular umbrella I bought from them and it is awesome.
Really thin and tears easily. After six months the top has faded and it is splitting in several places.
Seemed nice at first. Then, while reclining the chairs reclined too much and dumped me off going head over heals! Couldn't get it to go back to the original position and then the legs bent and broke.
Couldn't get these to fit on my leaf skimmer basket. Really small diameter.
Has a maximum rpm. Did not see that when ordered. Did not last at all. Very disappointing
As mentioned in reviews, the rack doesn't hold up baby ribs very well. Moving them around scraped the bark off. The ribs sagged into each other.
Not very durable. 2 of these have broken at the plastic pivot point. Comfortable while it lasts
These didn't work for me. The lights blink from dusk to dawn, that doesn't simulate a predatory animal's eyes to me. Apparently it doesn't to raccoons either because they kept knocking them over on their way to trashing my lawn. It also doesn't look great to have red blinking lights on all night, it made me feel like I was in a prison yard. For the record I've tried: netting, double netting, moth balls, soap flakes, pepper flakes, ammonia, motion sensor lights, these red lights, and dog poop. The best solutions seemed to be the bird netting, pepper flakes, motion sensor lights, and dog poop. None worked completely though, we had to seal off all the hospitable hiding spaces. I returned these. For what it's worth, the quality seems good.
This product is ok, definitely cheaply made though it gets the job done. I needed to use a fork to pry off the top cap in order to put the chlorine tablet in, but for the low price it'll certainly work even though it's a bit of a pain every time ya have to put in a new tablet.
got what I paid for - a bit flimsy.
Recieved dried out little sticks in a rubberband. I am following directions but hold little hope for successful growing. ADDED: To my surprise all but 1 stick grew 1 leaf. I was very excited to see the new growth but within 2 weeks they all died. :(
It was a good swivel however it did not seal in the middle so it leaked horribly
Instructions are lacking greatly. This is definitely a get what you pay for item. Just installed it so we will see how long it lasts. I have a feeling the twine won't last very long.
Have not opened it. To big waiting for summer to put it outside
to hopefully clear up my pond
My light worked well for about 2 months and then it suddenly stopped working. I would have to click it a few times to get it to turn on and then it would just shut off by itself after about a half an hour. I didn't feel like it helped my succulents at all, only my green plants.
The problem with buying from a picture is not knowing how it will work when you get it. This cam without the proper screws so we had to improvise. Also the way the legs are set that only children can fit between them. The cushions are also inadequate and the glass top is dark and if it is exposed to the sun the table is unusable and dangerous to touch. I would not recommend a purchase and ours is going to the Goodwill.
the basket is ok and works just fine although it is not easy to clean, it turned to black from the first use the company didn't send the gloves and amazon returned the first order and send me a replacement and still without gloves. NO GLOVES UNTIL NOW
I have ordered these seeds twice and it takes awhile to get here, they are not labeled so you don't know if you got the right product. Planted both time and nothing came up, don't know if I'll try a third time.
Flimsy design, with tags that don't always allow clip to work.
The lights don't work
We bought this but about almost a month it ripped. It's not that sturdy.
Went flat after just two days, both had slow leaks. Be prepared to fill the day you need it.
There were two packages in order. There were supposed to be 4 to a package. One package had 4 the other had 3. You should get what you ordered. See picture. I have back of package picture but only one is allowed. I noticed that there is a no return on them. Just screwed I guess.
i wanted indoor plants I bought 2 different palms the one is doing well but this one is dying
Not waterproof, took over the cover to see a water build up on lid
The temp probes in this smoker are complete garbage. If you trust them, you will be gnawing on boot leather for dinner. The pit is useable if you use your own probes and adjust accordingly, I use a thermo works smoke. It's just crap that you have to buy good thermometers to use this pot. Guess that's how they got to the price point they did. And yes, the food probe is garbage too.
These are good if you don't have to support anything heavy. Right now my pole beans are falling over because these poles can't support the weight. I'm having to create other supports to get through the season.
Does not fit correctly and would not allow the blades to fully disengage. Then it broke after only a few cuts. Not happy pay a little more for the better one and save yourself the hassle!!
The rats I'm trying to catch with it go in and eat the bait then push their way out through the door. This trap might work for mice and smaller animals though.
The assembling part is far from easy, and even with it all together it's wobbly. But it does that job.
Box crushed on on end - Multiple plastic pole connectors were cracked when arrived. Not what i would consider heavy duty.
2 out of the 12 lights didn't work. Unfortunately since the lights have to be exposed to sun before being lit, we already installed them. Taking all of them out to return is a lot of work.
The seller was great but this gazebo is built with paper thin steel. I set it up and a day later it was bent on the ground, there were only 10-15 mph winds but it was enough to break three of the four 5ft pieces that make up the 10ft sides. The seller sent four new sides, I removed the mosquito net to see if the helped, but within two days it was broken again. I ending up buying a much more expensive one from Lowes and it is worth the extra money.
Not accurate and at first it's co fusing which number is which.
Moisture and light SEEM to work (does not read or measure grow lights?) but pH always read alkaline and I know for sure my citrus and berry plants have acidic soil. Description says theres a 100% satisfaction guarantee, but I do not see any way of contacting the seller.
They're ok and you have to have them but they do not last long and seemed to have to be replace every season. Very expensive
I was pretty disappointed with this product. Looks like a pretty cool idea. It won't work as designed unless you have some very loose soil.
My kida have been loving this except today a hanging strap broke and my kid and swing fell to the ground. Thankfully it was only a few inches off the ground.
Quit working after third time using it.
These germinated just fine, I'm giving this a low rating because after I ordered them the Price suddenly went down from $2.99 to .99 cents.
The plant did not ship well all leaves have fallen off, hoping it has a good root system and will come back.
I didn't like the cloudy water the pd. makes...
Hoses are all tangled up in the fountain. You basically have to disassemble and put this back together to make it work properly.
The lights are great but one of the switches is broken. Can I get a new one?
Loved how it fit over both chairs when they were stacked but ripped after two months when it was barely touched. It was cracking all over the outside of the cover and it's barely ever in the sun.
The pump is so weak, I am going to purchase a different one. The water barely comes. Never again.
December 2017 - Wonderful Led String Lights. Very bright and long lasting for solar. I love the warm color. I'm using the lights for all year around decoration to accent my Dwarf Alberta Spruces where electrical lights are not an option. Easy install and setup. Most other Led string light sets are around 72 ft with 200 Leds where these are around 100 ft with 300 Leds, plus you get two sets. Would highly recommend. I do plan on buying more in the future. April 2018 - I purchased 3 sets of the 2 packs in December and only one strand works now, tried changing batteries but still didn't work. 5 out of 6 strands to break tells you of the overall quality.
This did not work for the mouse we had. I put the blocks in it and they just stayed there. No mouse activity at all I got a refund cause it did not work Then we purchased a humane mouse trap and within one night we got the mouse and released it outside :)
It is cheaply made. I am honestly disappointed that I spent so much on this cheap item.
only 2 out of 5 came up.
Didn't do the job as expected. After no time at all it started to discolor. It has also ripped in a couple places. I'm not a huge user of my grill so I seldom took it in and off.
Stopped working only two years ol Plastic cover for power cord fell apart exposing wires. Gets stuck all the time. Old Dolphin was better.
Just ok. Don't really work unless they have direct sunlight. Probably returning them.
Hard to grill ribeye and other meets, as they are not directly in touch with the fire. I wouldn't buy that type of technology in the future. A BBQ with direct fire under your meet is the way to grill ribeye, medium rear or even rear, very hard to achieve with this product.
Better than my Craftsman one but that's not saying much. It might be better if I can get some better line maybe from Stihl. I wouldn't pay over $15 for it.
Tables seem to be built well and should serve their purpose. However, be aware of vendor. One tables packaging was in "perfect" condition, however, the table had one corner damaged (a 1-2 inch bulge) and two 12-15 inch gouges down the one side. My engineering/logical mind analyzed this as a company that repackaged damaged goods and sent it back out. I decided not to bother with the return process, especially with this kind of vendor. So, they win... Shame! Also, the packaging does not adequately protect the curved ends of the table, while the hinged part is well packaged. I know... Americans doing business in China.
not very loud and unsuitable for outdoor use
They only last for 3 months.
Love the look, but not strong enough. I had to buy a 50 lb base to stand up to the summer gusts. I should have read the details.
Two applications and haven't seen any results that it's working/ applied as directed
Only lasts 1 season. Pool full of blue circles, it's like bubble wrap. It's torn and ripped. Was dry and clean when put away last season.
I only use this backpack once a week or less when I commute into the city. One strap is already completely coming apart and so will soon be useless to me. It needs to be replaced, but I don't see that as an option. It has had VERY minimal use to be falling apart already.
I do not know how they were not broke when they got here because the packaging was almost nonexistent. The metal connection ends were loose enough that I thought they would fall off. they did work after I carefully put them in. Not sure how!
I've had rectangular pool vacuum head for years. It has rollers and no bristles. So it's just designed to pick stuff up, not scrub. I saw this model on a YouTube video and it specifically mentioned it was great for vinyl pools. Based on the triangular shape, I also thought it would get into corners easier. I used it today for the first time. I started in the deep end, 12 feet, and the first thing I noticed was how difficult it was to push along the bottom. I really had to fight with it which made it difficult to maneuver in any logical pattern to ensure full covered. Once while trying to pull it towards me, the pole came loose from the attachment arm. I decided perhaps the extreme angle of the pole was making it difficult to push so I moved to the shallow end. This did help a bit but it was still a lot of work to move it across the bottom surface. I believe the problem here was more that it was suctioning itself to tight to the bottom. In addition, it's not flexible like my rectangular head and will not transition well from the side to the bottom, which is curved. After struggling with this for as long as it usually take me to vacuum the entire pool, I had a partially and randomly vacuumed pool. I switched back to the rectangular head and it was so much easier. Anyway, just thought I'd try something new (and it's pretty cool looking) but for my needs, this head is not the proper solution.
I had these on my porch. Couldn't use them in the house because the glitter seems to pour off them.
I've had this for 6 months and the hose sprayer handle broke, the part inside that springs it open and closed. I do like the hose part but not the handle.
I didn't get a chain with it.
This is a good item. The engineering is awful. Parts do not fit well. I had to do some work arounds to get it together. The directions are sorely lacking. If you are not mechanically adept this will be problematic to put together. Buyer beware, or have a good buddy around who is willing to put up with the assembly. Have enough beer on hand to reward your friend for his help.
Although the umbrella material is a little better than the one I am replacing, the plastic and aluminum parts are exactly the same. In fact, the mechanism allowing the umbrella to tilt does not function properly. I will be returning it.
We'll, being an Amazon purchaser and after reading the reviews I wanted to like it. It is definitely sturdier than ones I've been buying from big lots (gone through two). No leaks from rain but... the first rain that came though (second day of use) the frame collapsed. The metal pinched and buckled. Instead of draining off the water pooled and became too heavy. Fun in the sun and uv protection yes, rain no.
We loved the set when we got it, very elegant looking. Evidently it's no match for Texas summers as after a year the wood is bleached and splotchy. Except for the legs and undersides it no longer retains its beautiful red color even with oil on it. Unfortunately we paid far more for it then it's current going price and feel we could've done better with our $1200. The first photo posted is after it had been cleaned. The second photo is with oil applied. As you can see, not much difference. If anyone knows how to get back it's original color please let me know!
Beware, this is not the brand name "coates".. It is a knock off
Poor quality. Ripped while covering the pool. Would not recommend.
Fits my Weber very nicely but the cover has broken down completely in 22 months of use. Falling apart. Can't recommend. Will try their warranty and will update this review if they support the claim. My first Weber was in 2002. At that time, Weber made their own “premium” covers. That cover lasted about 12 years but wore out. It was a great cover made of premium material (felt like the heavy lead blankets dentist puts on you during X-rays). I bought another Weber cover in 2014 but that was junk and fell apart in a year. Frustrating because Weber still charged a premium for their cover which was clearly no longer a “premium” product (quick google search and you'll find that Weber no longer makes the same premium cover that lasted me 10+ years, even though they still charge the premium price). So I tried this cover instead. Very happy for first year. (5 star, at the time).... But now it's been falling apart. Will not purchase this cover again and cannot recommend it.
Was missing the seeds when I got it and they said they did not have seeds so I am stuck with a chia-less chia thing
Do not order these roasting sticks, they are defective in design and manufacture. The fork heads are not secured properly to the extendable shaft and come off, rendering them useless. Received an order of 6 sticks and 2 out of the 6 are broken as received. Now have to waste time with returning them.
I like the product, it's good quality for the price. However I only had 44 flags in my package not 50. Not the end of the world but frustrating as they are needed for our party.
You get what you pay for. It is ok for it's purpose but I have the feeling after one wash the poorly printed on image will fade
I found this to be expensive compared to other items. I could have a gotten a bigger house for less money
Lasted one night. It snowed and I never got it to work again--even after changing batteries
Nothing I have tried to get started have sprouted at this time.
Have wasps and carpenter bees...... Put this up before they showed up for the year, did nothing. They don't recognize it as an actual competing
It is very thin and weak, I used it to protect my vegetables from my chickens. My dog run across it as it was butter - I used double layers-. Next time I should use metal mesh.
We ordered our first leaf net for our pool and it came to us with 7 holes and a huge seam that shortened the net on one end. We called the company about it who said to call Amazon and have a new one sent to us. After removing the first net off our pool and opening the 2nd one sent that was to us we found that THIS one also had a seam and even bigger holes!!! We would like to know what this company will do to compensate us for this poor quality net and the headaches it has caused!
Remote stop working right away. Very nice colors but not helpful if the remote doesn't work and you can't change the colors
I love the color of this watering can. However, it is the smallest watering can. It is definitely not a full size watering can. It is not even a medium size. It is mini size.
I have had mine now for 2 months and one tube section has already broken at one end. The plastic tubes are too thin and won't hold up long.
the rope use seems pretty flimsy and not suitable for outdoor use.
Loved at first! After day 3 it ripped.
Much smaller than what I expected
I got most of my bumper blasted with it. I was using silica sand as recomended in the instructions. The ceramic tip will erode after a while then cause water back feed to the sand tube causing sand blockage. Therefore when the tip goes bad your out of luck.
Beware if placed in the sun, the colors fade fast. Very disappointed
Used it for an hour, and it failed. Warranty service found it needed a new brain. Once that was replaced, I used it for about 6 hours and the belt broke. It seems that since Craftsman sold off to everyone and their dog, their products have went downhill!
It would not work at all in our Tropic Seas spa. Whether the legs were folded up or down, it wouldn''t sit stably in the corners without tipping to one side. This is the second spa we've owned and I don't think the seats are unusual. It wouldn't stay on the sidewall seats without sliding off the front edge. Too bad, because it's a pretty well made device - reasonably heavy and sturdy.
Great for edging, but that's it. Not good for trimming and the battery life is very short. I'm returning it and going back to string trimmer/edger.
Not a Garrett. But it kind of works. Save and buy the real deal.
I have a above ground pool, about 35' wide and 5 feet deep. It gets a lot of dust and leaves at the bottom and this picked them all up really well the first 6 weeks. Then all of a sudden after 6 weeks it will not switch to the setting of large pool, it will only stay on the small pool setting. Spent a lot of money on it. Really disappointing.
They were very pretty while they lasted. However the battery included isn't sufficient. The price wasn't bad, but I'm sure it will probably be more expensive to replace all the batteries than it is worth.
Worked some but, didn't catch too many bugs. I thought they were a waste of money.
You get what you paid for. The nozzle leaks, the nozzle guard has too loose tolerances. With the pump set above 2700 PSI, once triggered, the valve does not shut when the trigger is released. As long as the paint pressure is set below 2700 PSI, once the trigger is released, the paint flow shuts down.
I'm very unhappy so far. They don't mulch good at all. Yesterday I was trying to cut about 1 inch of dry grass and all it was doing was dumping clumps of grass every where. My push Toro mulcher was working good. I ended up using Toro to clean up my John Deere's mess.
While this may not be universally applicable, I've got to say these traps didn't work for me. At all. I set out the traps all around the openings in the floor around the radiator pipes through which the mouse would normally travel and left them there for over a week. In this time, I've seen the mouse run around and pay not the slightest bit of attention to the traps. They may work if you can induce the mouse to run across the glue pads, but the glue pads themselves don't appear to have attracted my mouse at all.
Why cover a grill that doesn't work? Heck, maybe some wind and rain would do this thing some good!
Didn't fit me. I'm 5'11" 250lbs. had to use the top and the gloves (which barely fit) by them selves. the bottoms didn't fit at all so i used pants. the quality was ok since it does the job.
It is pretty but we have tried it a couple of places in the yard and it isn't spinning. And we get good wind where we have it.
Everything seems to be ok (cut quality, build quality, etc.) but the battery life is terrible for our very healthy and thick fescue lawn. Cutting on the highest length, the 4ah battery only lasted about 15 minutes. I bought a 4ah and 2ah battery with a trimmer based on the quoted run times where an hour is all I'd need. As it is, I eat through the batteries faster than they can get any meaningful charge (5 minutes isn't enough for anything) and have to stop mowing to simply allow the batteries to charge. I'd need at least three batteries and two chargers and swap every 10 minutes to work continuously. My suggestion is to stick with gas if you have the type of grass that people compliment. Very disappointed considering the cost. Edit: At the close of the 2019 cutting season, we're still using the mower because I'm too cheap to buy another mower. It's held up well and we can accomplish mowing with two 4ah and a single 2ah battery (normally without charging required). Due to the thickness, it takes almost twice as long as a gas mower simply because it isn't as powerful and will bog down and not cut (note that I came from the gas size they say is equivalent - not at all true). It does a lot better if bagging - just stinks at mulching. Still wish I never made the mower purchase, but the other tools in the line are good. At least it is quiet and doesn't smell while also requiring only blade maintenance. Due to life we've had and maintenance, I added a star back.
I planted all the seeds in my garden! I had just thrown in a bag of fresh dirt, and I had also added some coffee grounds. It might have been my fault for adding coffee grounds but I mixed both very well before planting the seeds. After planting the seeds, not one seedling came up!! I watered faithfully, but not ONE seed came up!!
Was I suppose to get timer/remote?
The bag of spools was opened and one of the spools was missing!
This thing is cheap and dim.
For $49.99 I was expecting something bigger. I sent it to my stepmother as a birthday gift. When I saw the picture. Really disappointed :(. You should have pictures of the size of tree you are receiving.
Lasted a year and a half
1 of the 4 lights did not work.. tried fresh batteries and nothing.. others worked well. They seem to go out randomly sometimes.
the fabric material is really cheap! Never again!
The Good: Metal cleaning coils are solid and the wrap is tight. The Bad: Handle is too short. Even for normal size grill you risk hitting the metal structure and burning your hand as you clean towards the back of the grill. The Ugly: Angle of the three rows of coils is weird. Its just off. I have to hold it at an akward angle to make all three rows contact the face of the grill. I had my wife try it as well and it just feels poorly designed.
Bought April 2018. Today is October 2019. It is broke. Cheaper to buy a new one at Home Depot. Bummer!
Cheap and inflexible.
I just installed one of these and it leaked. The rubber grip on the piece makes it hard to crank down with the channel locks. Too bad, I was looking forward to using it to quick-disconnect my hose in the fall and store it inside without having to get the tools out.
I placed this inside the tray of the zapper I bought (also not impressed, see review) but it has not accomplished anything.
I bought this based on a Bob Villa article about kink-free hoses and his positive review. But this hose constantly coils on itself and kinks to the point it blocks flow.
I have 5 of these hoses, but returned 2 within days as they got holes in them while just hanging on the holders. I hope the other 3 survive this season. I think you have to drain them after use and keep stored out of the sun, which is a hassle.
1 light didn't work, what r u guys going to do about it? The 3 working ones look cool.
I liked the flags fine, just not the straw stick.
For some reason it is not charging it has been more then 7 days and still it does not last on.. even just de zapper, will give it a few more days id not I will return them
I am disappointed with the Kona Grill Mat. It turns a grill into a frying pan. I expected a mat that would prevent meat/fish from falling through the grates, but would still perform as a grill. Our burgers were frying in grease and had no grill marks or any other bbq characteristics. I can't believe that Amazon would advertise it as the Best Grill Mat.
Bought this for my dads birthday made cheap and not worth it
Should have stuck to the crystal rock. These are teeny tiny little pellets that don't seem to do much of anything.
The magnet detached from the measuring stick within the first 30 minutes of using it. I trimmed the base of the stick so it would go deeper into the magnet then glued it, and this held up way better. The connection between the stick and magnet must be improved.
Turn switch off, won't turn back on. Battery charger quit working after a year.
Works for gnats, but got stuck in my cat's tail as she walked by and grazed it even though I thought i'd placed it far enough out of her path. It hurt her and completely terrified her :/ not a pet or child friendly tool and should have a warning stating as such
Very bad quality and looks cartoonish...not what I was looking for but for the price I figured I could try it.
Great concept of having easy accessibility to hanging plants to water or trim dead leaves on. Unfortunately I've had mine hanging on my covered outdoor patio for two months and it already seems to be falling apart. The plastic they used just does not hold up well in Texas heat.
Could not tell the difference by using this product. Did not kill the crabgrass
These bags appear fine until you use them. They begin the break all around the top in use due to insufficient binding around the top. They are basically a one time use product.
Loved the look, but shoe runs small and narrow. Also the liner I side shoe is not waterproof, if you remove liner, you can't wear shoe. Wish they had fit better.
They are great but two stopped work in a few weeks
This mat serves it's purpose but it won't stay in place. It slides around and curls up under water. You'd think it would come with some sort of adhesive tabs/sticker that you could place in each corner to keep that from happening.
Was cheap and one light would never ever work. We threw the entire thing away 8 days after we got it.
Shredded up after 6 cuts.
Rusting all over my deck
The sides don't line up correctly. The table isn't even. It wobbles. If I'd only paid $100 for it, I'd expect some of these issues. But not for the price I paid.
Poor quality materials. That said, I am not sure how I lived with it this thing.
It is easy to install. I bought 2 of them (each pack has 2) when I saw a garden snake and have a child who runs around in the backyard. I installed 2 of them and it seemed to make some noise for a few days. Then one day it stopped working. I pulled it out of the ground to see if the wires were disconnected, but it was not. Now I have 2 unused repellers sitting at home and I don't know what to do. I am not even sure if these things are effective. Wasted my money.
These were suppose to be stainless and have begun to rust after two uses.
I would not rely on this as being a method to control mosquitos. It barley has any effect.
I read most of the other reviews so I knew what to expect. The quality was fine, nothing amazing but by no means poor. Where this piece really fell apart was the instructions. I should start off by saying I have an architecture degree and practice as an architect so I'm familiar with putting things together. These instructions were some of the worst directions I have ever seen. In addition to no pieces being labeled, they leave out a lot of the details which resulted in having to assemble and disassemble several pieces. It ended up taking me more than two hours and I only made progress when I finally just stopped looking at the directions. On top of that, I ended up having to drill out some of the holes which were not drilled out very well and it was missing two bolts. Time will tell about the quality, but if the instructions are any indicator about the craft of the fabricator, I'm not too hopeful.
Only three were knotted to be plant hangers. One incomplete, so am I supposed to knot it. Because I bought these because I tried and it was taking too long. Not returning but not happy either. Glad I only really needed three.
Would've given this 4 stars if you'd included the little window door in my shipment. I complained about it and received no action.
Worked great for a couple months. It was sitting next to the sink after breakfast when the handle just exploded. It shot plastic across the house. I'm assuming it was from the pressure of the metal piece I found sticking out from under my stove, but I'm not positive. Only been hand washed and maybe used 4-5 times. Save your money and buy a better quality batter dispenser
Flag rips and tatters at its ends every 1-2 months. After buying 2 in for months I gave up on this brand. Will continue to look elsewhere for a good quality USA flag. Buyers in high-wind locations especially beware.
The order was incorrect. 1 teal table was shipped with a grey table. Ordered two teal.
Put this filter on a 24' above ground pool in the spring. The description said it would work on our pool. Used it all summer and struggled with keeping water clean and clear. I went to a sand filter over a the cartridge filter I've had for years to make things easier. This did not work for our pool. Spent a lot of money and time going back and forth to pool shop getting water tested and buying chemicals to fix the water. We haven't been able to use the pool much this year and now just going to close it early because we're tired of messing with it.
Didn't attract or deter any of the ants.
We opened the pool in May and found the canisters are still half full of chemical and the holes were plugged .
Broke in less than a week. Probably only good for very light gardening. If you put any torque on it, it will break.
Only works if ground totally dry otherwise dirt and grass get pulled up and require cleaning.
Followed instructions but still leaking badly.
I can't give this product a one star because when it was working it was great! We've had it less then 2yrs and now it surges and blows the circuit. Tried different plugs and same. So I spent 8hrs flipping the breaker every 15min so my party would have smoked meat to enjoy. Super sad that the smoker had a 4.5 star review when I bought it, but not surprisingly thi se it reduced.
I ordered a case (12) of these for my backyard. We have a huge insect issue and I was hoping these would help. While the insect issue did improve the decorative light color bamboo around the outside fell off nearly everyone of them by the middle of the season. Also, the cans themselves are very very difficult to open after the first use. I would recommend not tightening them all the way for ease of refilling.
I have ordered 6 boxes of these. They are great! BUT... At least 4 quit working. I have a set I got October 3rd, and Friday, less than three weeks later, one is OUT!!!! I have thrown out the box. So frustrating! I am updating. Today is Tuesday. Now 4 of 8 are out! Don't buy these. You are wasting your money!!!
This hose was great for watering my potted plants. Unfortunately it sprung a major unfixable leak after a month of daily use.
Tray in bottom that keeps fuel up off bottom and allows for air to flow freely was garbage. I threw it away and used one from an old smoker. Battery door isn't actually wide enough for batteries to fit in without using a lot of force. Thank God the plastic was somewhat flexible. Other than that the smoker does work just fine.
These hooks are very small and not worth the money.
Within a month of usage, hose started leaking. It's not used much, so we will live with it. Pay a little more for a more reliable product would be the recommendation.
when the package arrived, two of the four plants are already so dry that even after following the instructions, it never improved. I hope the seller will remedy this.
Spiders don't seem to care it exists. They will chill a few feet away from it and not seem bothered
Way to short and over price
You just need to save money and get a professional
I turn the drip button to the lowest, it keep dripping. I had a 2 liter soda bottle on it with instruction of nailing a hole on top to breathe, I only fill half bottle of water, it all drip dry after 2 hours. I don't think it will last longer than that, very disappointed, looking forward to work properly for at least one week.
Aluminum fittings will eat your copper/brass. I'm annoyed that I didn't see this coming, but I guess I wouldn't have anticipated such an obvious design flaw to be overlooked. I get it though...aluminum is cheap.
Broke after like a month of having it. This is not one whole piece it is two halves that snap together. The bottom part broke and so the seeds would not stay in.
The soaker setting doesn't work
And then it just disintegrated. I going to buy a different replacement. It was always exposed to the weather, though.
Sorry to report these are difficult to get on and uncomfortable once on. They do what they are supposed to do (protect you from heat) but think they're best suited for medium to large sized hands. I normally wear x-large and these are a bit too small. I'll edit this review if they become better over time/more uses.
This is my second same hose. The first one developed a split but I thought I had accidentally put a kink in the hose. So I was careful with this one not to do the same. I turned my faucet on yesterday and the hose started leaking EXACTLY the same way as the first one. It was hanging properly in a loose coil. It didn't leak the last time I used it. And no one else used it either. To say I am unhappy is an understatement. I don't even know if tape would solve the problem. It is a very light weight hose. Fits standard taps and sprayers. But a split developing in a hose that is only a few months old!!!!
Well... I loved them but after 1 month of use 1 of them died so my love is fading. Fort. I only wanted 2 for outdoor use so I had a spare. Fingers crossed they make it they the summer. They are exposed to rain etc and the timer function has worked great until tonight when 2 of them started, then 1 blinked rapidly and and then kaput.
stopped working after 4 months.
Came with no instructions, but it is very simple to put together. Although, when I went to put the base circle together, the bolts didn't fit and it was wobbly. Had to go to the local hardware store to get different parts. If I order something, I want the right parts it is supposed to come with so I don't have to run around and try to figure it out. Once I got the right parts, it works fine. Still annoying though.
The stake was damaged before it was put in the shipping envelope. The reason I know this-no broken pieces were found inside the envelope when I opened it!
I got it for the portability but it's finicky to start and has an uneven flame
Weak! It bent while raking the shallow end with 'like' 4 leaves in it. Now it's very difficult to rake effectively since the new bend will cause it to spin around and dump all the leaves you just scooped, back into the pool. Bought it to replace our super old, half broke, came with the house, rake but we switched back to old faithful after one use with this week new guy.
I liked the idea of an "all-in-one" to conserve space and threading, but it began to make a horrendous noise and leak inside the pressure regulator portion before the 90-day mark. Since returns are only allowed for 30 days, I'm stuck with this crap after just 2.5 months. You should probably install a standalone pressure reducer BEFORE buying/installing this product. This device cannot handle the pressure coming from the city line.
Bought them in July and now they are completely broken to pieces in December. Not recommended at all
Did not get fleas like I expected
I purchased two pair and one has great optical lenses. But the other pair is like looking through a runny paint job. Don't waste your time!
Cheaply made, returned the first one. Second one didnt have bent blades, but the screws were all loose. Not impressed
Bought 2, neither one worked.
I love the look of the product and what it is supposed to do however it came with no clear instruction on how to use. I had to return.
I order this product and I got same day shipping. It was pretty great at first shooting flys, spiders and anything small and that crawled. But after the first day I would shoot a fly and it would kind of just push the fly over and then would just fly away unharmed. Then when I would pump the gun and shoot, the salt just kind of trickles out of the end of the barrel now. It was fun for about a day. If I could I'd want to get my money back.
not very durable and the pink one only worked for 3 days,very disappointed
horrible warranty, long waiting times for fix it....in 2years broked twice !!!! 4 months waiting for parts? ergo wont reconized this seller as authorized dealer....carefull
After about two weeks the fountain started splashing a gallon of water a day. It only had a small manageable splash the first week. Now I'll need to look for a replacement.
Still haven't been able to get the fold lines out and it's been in place for a couple of weeks.
Found these to be very cumbersome and difficult to work with. Would not recommend.
Ordered blue but received gold
The orchid took months to bloom and is not spectacular. The glass jar it comes in is bland.
Wanted it for hanging baskets but with the lock on the string, it was useless. Needed to be able to pull basket down from high point . Still have to climb on something to unlock it to pull baskets down for watering.
I could not get the lights to stay in position. I tried tightening them but got no better results. I wanted to aim them where the light would be best for my seedlings and was not satisfied with the results.
This adapter was too big. Check your sizes!
Bought because always wanted one. This product does not work. Have placed in different areas of house and reset it as directed and nothing. Crystals just settled to bottom and stay there.
I recently purchased 5 of these "extra heavy duty" water bags to replace ones from last season. 3 of the 5 bags were defective right out of the box, apparently their seams were not sealed properly and water poured through them as fast as I could fill them. I found these "extra light duty" and would not buy again, nor encourage anyone else from buying these. As other reviewers had mentioned, it was not worth the aggravation of draining water from the remaining 2 that actually held water and package them up for returns.
The birds still make their way building the nest.
Grew 4 inches then stopped. It's possible I planted too late.
I bought the red and did a lot of research to find one with good reviews and fade resistant. I've had mine up for only 2 months and it is horribly faded and we haven't even had our summer yet. Really disappointed in that otherwise seems to be a good quality umbrella.
Took these on a trip to Costa Rica, and still ended up with over a dozen bites. It didn't seem to work at all.
All 4 holes on one spindle assembly were not tapped all the way through the holes, causing two snapped bolts. Ended up having to drill out the bolts n tap new treads, also had to finish tapping the other two incomplete holes. On the second assembly all hole were completely tapped but 3 of 4 were cross threaded out the box. Blades are much lower quality than oem blades. I would recommend spending a little more money on something of better quality. 30 min job went to a 2 hour job real quick. At least these are greasable lol
terrible product that is not as described and the quality is very low ! Look for others from a different vendor !
Works well but one of the screw holes for the linkage was not threaded. I had to buy a tap and tap the hole for the screw.
Not worth the money. Bought it for a cub scouts task. Too expensive for what it was. Hard to build and not sturdy. Poor quality. Does not help with the cub scouts confidence.
I really liked this item, but it only worked for about a month.
Good luck with this one.
Burned really slow but didn't leave much of a smoke flavor. Even used a smoke tube and still not much of a smoke flavor.
Looks cheap. Works so far tho
I purchased this to provide some shade for a school project my daughter was doing. I specifically looked for a small POP UP canopy, which based on the description, this sounded like what I needed. However, when I opened the box there were a bunch of poles, connectors, a tarp and a sheet with directions. If the poles are not connected when the box is opened, it is not a pop up!! The parts are do flimsy that each time I attempted to set up another leg the others fell apart. Not to mention that once you do get it up, the slightest breeze knocks it over even when fastened down. Taking it apart is even worse because you can't just collapse it in on itself, you have to remove all of the poles from each other and from the plastic connectors - very time consuming. Also, this should come with a storage bag as it contains 24 poles plus 9 plastic connectors, the tarp, tie down strings and metal stakes (which resemble short barbecue skewers in thickness.)
I had hoped to use this seat in my spa for both a step and a seat. Unfortunately, though the height is right, the seat is constantly slipping. It should have come with double-ended suction cups to affix it to the wall of the spa. I ordered two and am returning one. I need the boost to get in and out of the tub.
This light has 10 LED bulbs in it. I don't believe it's quite as bright as Weber's 3 LED bulb light. I would much rather have a Weber light. This like seems to be pretty dim.
I had these about a month. Package of 4. Only one is still working. They are very costly. Not a good product.
I am not sure what I like the most yet because my grill has not worked properly once yet. I got it 2 months ago. At first it would not get hot at all. Called customer service and they had me take apart the hopper to get to the wiring. I had to be an electrician for petes sake! I told them just to please send a new one and they said that's not how they operate. Apparently customer service is not their strong suit. After about an hour the hot rod started working after plating with all the wires. Then while cooking Christmas dinner meat it stopped working again. It happened two more consecutive times and that was enough after several hundred dollars worth of good meat was ruined. Called them again and I asked to have a new one sent.... and guess what... that is not how they operate. Had to take it somewhere 30 min away and after a few days he called and said the motor was not working. So to be honest... so far.... all is nothing but negativity.
Flag keeps getting hung up, clip to hold it is very difficult to maneuver and stand is very flimsy
Not as sturdy as expected AND had to PAY SHIPPING FOR RETURN!
I bought this for ants and spiders and it worked for a week no more than that I used it inside of my house
Our hp bulb came broken and no way to get ahold of shipper to get hp bulb replaced with out returning whole unit which we don't want to send back whole unit.
This did kill a mouse first time out, but no lights working so how is one supposed to know if in fact it is working? --- Update----- The seller responded very quickly to this problem and is sending out a new one......
Disappointed, no instruction, very little suction, not a good purchase.
It caught fire on my grill at a medium heat! I have used grill Mats for years and need new ones so I thought these would work. First of all they don't leave grill marks and when they caught fire scared me grabbed it with thongs and threw it in the grass
We bought this for a humming bird bath. Not design to go in small area. Must be in direct sunlight all the time. Slight breeze and you have to fill bath up every 15 min. Not what we wanted. Great for pond though.
Crumbled to pieces after a few months.
As others had mentioned in their reviews the flag is very cheaply made, just printed fabric not embroidered. The other negative regarding this product is the rope/ cord completely ripped after the flag was up for a little over a week! My new flag ended up on the ground ( brand new and being we are supporters of patriotism the flag now needs to be destroyed prematurely). The pole itself is a flimsy metal, I purchased (2) 1 1/4” pieces of PVC pipe to offer some much needed support. I will replace the rope but definitely wouldn't consider repurchasing this item.
Tried to use this in our pool. Hardly any fountain. Just not big enough
This door mat has been in my house for many months now and it heavily used. It still doesn't lay flat from being rolled up during shipping. It hangs on the door when opened.
After just 2 months the fan has started making a horrible noise inside. On the page it says it has a 1 year warranty but after just 1 month I could not get a replacement. Amazon said that I would normally have to contact the manufacturer directly but thankfully Amazon is awesome and is sending me a replacement anyway.
3 pods didn't grow this is not my first time using aero garden pods!!!!!
It is pretty but it has major flaws! The butterfly falls off all the time; light do not stay on for more than an hour.
Hate them, too big and hard to keep on your shoe.
The plant came looking great. Much smaller than the picture, but that's fine. It looked awesome for the first few weeks and I followed the instructions packaged with it and now it is dead, 2 months later. Really disappointing. I even looked up how to "rescue" it online and nothing will save it.
Looked like it had been dragged on pavement. Flimsy
Weeds still there after 2 treatments. Wouldn't buy again.
water resistance but does not stay on mower.
I loved this machine. stores very easily, works well. Tested it out for a few minutes when it first arrived. Worked well so I was happy. Also read the researched the company & was very impressed. Then I went to use it on a real project. The unit turns on comes up to pressure & then the motor goes quiet, just as its supposed to. Only if not in use and turned on the motor continuously turns on & off....endlessly. So I have to keep switching it off manually when using it. It will drive you insane!!!!! Maybe I got a defective machine. Guess if the company cares they will replace it.
Half of it died within the first week. Didn't look so great upon arrival
The item did not fit as intended. Dimensions were larger than expected. The item did not fit . the grill knob is not flush to the grill face but sets into the face of the grill. The knob did not fit within the inset hole diameter. The quality of product is very good though as is the price of the item being affordable. I will keep the item in case it might fit someone else's grill in my family.
All three of my swatters, the main plastic swatter falls off rod. The swatters don't lock in well to the stem (push in only)
I feel that for what I paid this item was very poor quality. Yes, it measures my detergent, but it's very flimsy... I would suggest you go to the dollar store and buy one there
One was cross threaded and leaked immediately - I used the other and will disassemble/reassemble is needed... Hope you fare better...
Very very thin pots. They crack at a glance. They were cheap. You get what you pay for.
The flag still binds up a lot
Bought 2, this item failed in 1 month, the weakness is in the switch.
The old wood traps seem to catch more.
The description is the universal but you need to buy a special adapter for the word fusion which is not sold separate.
I bought two sets of these. I used the first set for almost two weeks, and discovered it did not work as described. Only 1 yellow jacket (which I want to trap) entered the trap, but several honey bees entered them (which I don't want to trap). I tried returning the second set but Amazon is going to charge me $7.00 for UPS return shipping. It wasn't worth returning. One of the worst purchases I've made in a while. Fortunate to have lost only $26.00.
Very disappointed in quality of product,especially for the price. The top piece had pencil marks and extra places where it looks like some one was attempting to drill holes and changed their mind..Not a fan of the chimes, themselves.
Mailbox came with scratch on side, looks like it came from shipping
I followed instructions to the T. I cut 1 and 1/2 small branches off my tree. On the second one the motor just quit. Thing is dead. going back to Amazon and going to buy a gas model instead. You get what you pay for I guess.
Amish leather fly swatter is floppy piece of leather lacking tension for the one swat kill. I had a fly swatter that was plastic with wire handle that lasted for years. Replacing it has been a journey. Replacements have flaws that make killing flies a battle. Using the Amish swatter I have to chase then beat the flies to death with multiple strikes. My guess is the OG Amish swatter was deadly. This wanna be is not. I would not buy again.
we've had this for a few months, now the outside temp reader isn't working correctly. I wish I could get in touch with the company but don't know how. We liked it until it stopped working.don't know if you should buy or not?
Box was in good condition , but as soon as I removed it from the box I grabbed the grab handle to wheel it to where I was going to use it the bag ripped. Upon setting the structure up one of the arms for the overhang was bent/broke. Highly dissatisfied with the product that we spent north of $200 for.
I installed the new canopy cover today on my JC Penny Gazebo. The overall canopy fit fine, although I thought it was a bit thin compared to what we have had in the past. The big problem is that the new Top Tier cover will not fit at all. It is not big enough. Very disappointed. And it does not have the mesh around it that have typically had in the past with all of the other replacement canopy covers. I had to cut off the old Top Tier cover and resuse it with the new Canopy. As you can imagine, it looks really bad. Overall I would not recommend or buy this product again.
I ordered this pool cover online as opposed to going to our nearby pool supply stores only because it should have been delivered in 2 days with my prime. It wasnt delivered until 8 days later than should have been. No explanation on why such a long delay or any mention of some time of credit, etc.. i have had to keep my pool running 8 days longer awaiting the arrival to close my pool.
Gets the job done but will only last one summer season if that. It's material is very cheaply and rips and tears easily. It also fades intensely after just a couple of weeks being in the sun. The metal is very thin and cheapo and will buckle and bend in the wind. It was cheap but it's a disposable purchase. Spend the extra and get one from Home Depot that'll last years. Better for the planet
Only one or two seeds sprouted.
The cage itself is sturdy and should do the job. One of the plastic slides for the door is a little loose which allows the door to be uneven when the trap is set and could lead to failure of the door to close properly. My biggest disappointment was that the bait tray assembly apparently came apart during shipping and the instructions didn't explain how it should be assembled, but I was eventually able to figure it out.
Beautiful statue. Didn't ship with the legs.
Great looking and functional gift for my wife, who is a bird-watcher. Worked like a charm for 5 weeks, both when the sun was out and with stored power. Then the pump stopped working, even in direct sun. Cleaned the pump intakes and ensured the water level was sufficient. Still no pump action. Company advertised a one year warranty, but the product only performed for 5 weeks.
It never bloomed and stems turned black..
I haven't put this swing together yet. The seat had a hole in it that was from the pieces rubbing together without anything between them I asked for a replacement seat and was told that they didn't have any or a replacement for the part of the seat. I was told to get a patch online somewhere because they had none in stock. They gave me $10 off and left it at that. Then I get an email advertising that same swing in stock from their company. How can that be if they didn't have a replacement for me. Not at all satisfied with that company.
After buying the 10 pound bag time and time again, I bought the 20 pound bag and it does not seem fresh. The birds aren't eating it, it looks off, not dark black like normal and the bag doesn't have the nice easy open, easy close seal. I hope they get the 10 pound bags back.
Very pretty lights. But the remote stopped working the first time using it.
The legs are soldered-on crooked (so the surface isn't level). Can somewhat be adjusted in/out (but paint chips off when you try); can't be adjusted left/right as it's against the direction of the solder. Considering how hard the legs are to bend, I assume it's sturdy.
These lights are extremely bright... so in the event, you want to use them in a space you live, I would recommend sunglasses. Despite their intense light, the seeds I planted underneath them refused to grow even after multiple days of methodically watering, lighting, and monitoring. To emphasize the point, I put the exact same seeds outside in the direct sun and within a couple days saw sprouts. I may change my mind about whether they can maintain plant life rather than start it... but I have my doubts.
The entire wind chime swings around wildly when the wind hits it, that's when it makes noise! poor design!
does not work with a gen 2 prius for the 12 volt battery, I own 3 of these solar panels and I tried them on the 12 volt battery of 3 of my cars. all three cars were parked outside in January in Indiana to be fair. all three 12 volt batteries were depleted in a few days. ( more than 5 days but less than 2 weeks) i connected them directly to the battery, and did not use the cig lighter plug.
this is suppose to be such a great deal but 3 months after i bought it there is a hole in it which makes it useless to be able to use it very disappointed in this hose
Really nice looking, but this mat sheds horribly. When we wipe our feet on it, we end up tracking in “straw” from the mat. I wouldn't buy it again.
Doesn't look anything like the picture. Not as pretty in person
Worked great until I had a chicken I was cooking smell and taste like plastic after using this product. Never had any issues with using them and then a hot chicken with some lemon juice caused the tray color like oil in water effect. I will be throwing that one out and just using it for cold food getting to the BBQ. I don't recommend this for hot foods with acid, guess that't what caused it.
The rubber stopper is fine but the clip comes right off my pole. The snap is not strong enough.
Worked for about 5 minutes before shorting out. Don't waste your money. I kept the battery pack it came with for another project so it wasn't a complete loss, but overall just cheaply made. You're getting what you're paying for. Beware.
Had it for less then a year the inner part of the hose seperated. This made it unusable. This happened after low to moderate use. Then I found out if I bought it at Home Depot they would exchange it for a new one. I would not buy this again and I would recommend buying yours at Home Depot.
BIG White Ugly Globe! Very thin & brittle.Small blue light blinks during daylight.Lights are NOT Dusk to Dawn! They get Full Direct Cali Sun All Day...stay lit 4/5 hours! One has already broke beyond repair...both going in Garbage!!!Cannot return bcuz packaging thrown away!!!
Flag material is very thin
First photo is what I ordered...the second photo is what I got in the mail. I'm also pretty sure I ordered a medium and I think I got a small.
I bought this because of the 5v 2a output. I planned to power a web cam with it. I fully charged it and tested both light bulbs and they worked fine. I permanently mounted the panel and plugged the camera and got nothing. I voltage tested the output and got a perfect 5vdc and also got a charge indication when I plugged in a cell phone. I plugged in the camera and still nothing. The camera works with a 5v AC adapter, a 3200mAh power pack and even with 4 AA NiCad batteries but not with this. WTF
Came packaged well and appeared to be good cuttings. Expected some form of roots but there was not any on either. One cutting has died and the other doesn't look to healthy but is still green. Update: Second cutting has now died. Will not purchase again.
Doesn't have the power to blow leaves and pine needles that i need. Batty life does not last as described in the description. DISAPPOINTED.
I haven't had any luck, I think city mice are too smart
We used to get 2 and sometimes 3 seasons with these bulbs, now we're lucky to make it through 1. And getting way too expensive
I bought this bug killer after reading reviews...but in fact, it attracted no fleas.... nothing what the manufacturer claimed.
Nice hose but was easily punctured on a rose bush and there is no way to repair it.
It was super easy to put up, but I think the poles were made of cardboard, based on how easily the wind bent and broke them. I only got to use it once.
Not good product recieved one that was broken ..
The warning is pretty scary
Poor quality for the price. Expected it to be of better material and paint. Not as realistic as the photo makes it appear. Out of the box it has tears in the neck bc of the poor material quality and doesn't appear it will hold up hanging bc of the weight to thin material.
I was very careful with all of the prep. They just don't work very well.
I am disappointed by how much grass doesn't get cut well. It leaves little standing blades all over the place and the yard doesn't look nice.
This grill is very flimsy. Looks nice but that's about it. It arrived with missing screws. It was bent out of shape and even had a cut in the metal near the lid. The only reason I haven't returned it is because it took 3 hrs to adjust fix and assemble and i don't want to disassemble it. When cooking smoke comes out from all directions. The cover is just for show it does not close all the way. I do not recommend.
Cheesy n cheap. Trying to pass off as Disney Tinker Bell. Cheap pole for hanging. I returned it.
I purchased this last fall and soon the connector that shuts the water off was missing a screw. The seller replaced the hose which was great but now that I have started to use the new hose, the hose leaks at the connection. Not very happy with this. I do like the fact that the hose expands and retracts as it is helpful in the freezing weather when watering my animals. No was to contact the seller anymore.
I love the colors and really was hoping to enjoy the hammock. Unfortunately it is way too flimsy and i fell out of it the first time I tried to lay on it. It was very challenging to get in and out of the hammock. I had to return it.
Didn't keep the squirrels off the tomatoes
its been a week and I see mosquitos all over the place.seems like it doesnt work. When will it start working?
This is not a genuine Hayward filter. It is a Pleatco, brand. just a equivalent. Had filter like this one only last a couple months.
I've had it less than a month and it's starting to rust where it hooks together.
Still waiting for replacement parts. We're promised 5 to 7 days from gardeners supply.
Some of these waterers are just too large at the bottom & the water just guzzles out. I've had others that work much better.
The lower back pad is for a child. The metal digs into your back. I will be sending back. Sad Makita use to be a good brand.
Picture of the legs hanging is pretty misleading. The slots do not hold chicken legs by the knuckle. Did 2 sets of wings on it and the knuckles are too small to be held by the slots. Had to just lay the chicken on top. Tried a 3rd set of wings on my pellet smoker and got the same results after flipping them over halfway through smoking.
I bought the 12” desktop fan. I LOVED it at first. It's quiet and moved a lot of air. Now, 6 week's later, it sparks whenever it's running and you push a button to change speeds or turn it off. It's a safety hazard and I'm no longer willing to use the fan. Unfortunately, my return window ended 2 week's ago.
This is too light weight so it slips every time even the small dog walks over it. Disappointed.
Not great . Ive used better for about the same price . Will not be buying again
The watering can looks beautiful and functions perfectly. Unfortunately, the copper coloring on the handle is rubbing off after a month. It's stored in the shade so the simple act of picking it up is causing the loss of color.
Very disappointed in these plant stands. They are flimsy and cheap looking and because the top has inlaid stones, the flower pot won't stay level .
Disappointed as the stuffing wasn't as plush as it should have been, His head would not stay up and He would not sit in a chair without being proper or tied. The head was actually too small, not adult size for sure.
Didn't fit. A review said it would fit my model, but it was too large.
I bought a 2 pack of these feeders to place on my front porch because the were small and a pretty design. I'm very disappointed the nectar is constantly leaking from them and all over the porch. Any little bit of wind pushes the feeder and dumps nectar. This was a poor design and I am replacing these with another brand and type of hummingbird feeder. I hate wasting all that nectar and letting the ants eat it instead of the birds. WASTE OF MONEY !!!
Grill was exactly what I ordered and arrived on time. Box looked fine but corner of the grill was bent.
UPDATE - To be very fair to this seller, they refunded my purchase in full. The product I received may have been sub par, but their customer service was excellent, so please do not be put off from purchasing from them. Original Review First of all, they took nearly a month to arrive. When they did arrive, there was a small amount of damage to the plastic arms, just scuff marks and scrapes, but I thought, they are meant for outside, so I can live with that. However, on the very first usage, the chairs collapsed ripping out the securing mounts for the mechanism that keeps the chair legs in place. The build quality and the metal is of really poor quality, as is the design which puts all the stress on the weakest part of the chair. I cannot in all good conscience recommend them to anyone.
I received my Color Orchid in dirt. I paid for a Designer Pot and simple shot glass. I have called Amazon about this twice, because you can't return Orchids. Actually the Orchid is beautiful. I want another Orchid but will not order from them. The two stars are for the innocent beautiful flower.
Birds did not like it
it really dont work!
This tool is used for a concrete truck I believed because it was rated for saltwater it would hold up well it's all plastic though I don't expect it to last long took a very long time to receive it two weeks
Bit flimsy. Difficult to assemble. The assembly video is a must. Opening the sliding door causes the sides often to break open. Recommend using a rubber mallet to keep sides from coming undone. Have only stored some kitchen compost and also yard/garden waste in there in early fall. Figure it will take some time to create compost with the cooler weather. The tab to stop it from rotating comes off every time I need to rotate.
Way too bulky and heavy for my women's hands. I usually wear a med-lg glove, but I could not comfortably manage this nozzle. I like the Orbit turret pistol much better, the only problem with that one being that it has no long-throw spray setting. This one doesn't really have that either. Seems the classic Orbit twist nozzle is the most versatile, unless you need a mist setting.
The plastic nozzles in this sprinkler are misaligned causing several of them to "merge" together about 4 ft from the sprinkler, leaving areas that get no water.
Was hoping to give this as a gift, but it arrived shattered and I had to find a new gift last minute. It did not appear very well padded in the packaging, just a single layer of thin bubble wrap.
Didn't like feel of plastic
batteries won't last and take too long to charge.
The bell we received was a much duller, darker color than in the listing photograph. It doesn't look like brass. Cannot attest to the sound quality or functionality of the bell since it was barely out of the box before we realized how different the item was from what we expected to receive.
Does not stay put even when anchored down.
Twice now that we have had rain we have uncovered the couch and the cushions are wet. So disappointed
The unit came with a different long wand that does not accept other attachments like the soap dispenser. contacting customer support is just a joke! I feel like returning all the Worx products I've bought until they get customer support to work!!
Received this in the mail and the chain is broken and the metals are all bent up. Definitely not worth the buy and want a full refund.
The product has worked for me in the past, but this fell from maybe 12 inches in the winter and sprayed everywhere. It was a complete pain and a mess to clean up. I bought it to use with my snowblower and will not be buying this product again, just for its terrible packaging.
Handle came off during first use. This could be dangerous. Since almost everything I order online now turns out to be low quality, I anticipated this & will be attaching the handle to the spatula with epoxy. 🙄
Not very many of these seedlings ever sprouted. The Blue lavender did not sprout at all and the spike lavender seems to be the most successful thus far.
I didnt like anything about this hose it does not coil back up has no pressure would not by again
I had a bad experience with this product. Since it has teeth on it, it's a little weak on the outboard edges. I inadvertently went over an exposed root and it bent the blade. I traveled about 50 feet before I noticed the problem. It had dug into the soil. If you have more awareness about you, it should be ok.
Looks good when lit, but I had to hold it together with zip ties because most of the snap together plastic pieces broke when folding it out
Cheaply made the pump was way too small no extra parts bad product I don't know how in the world it got good reviews
Followed instructions precisely - and this unit never attracted anything but dirt!
Bought this in March of 18. Now in May 19 noticed brush tines in the water.
Too expensive, just go to a garden store and get the same thing for 1/4 the cost.
The close/ lock button does not hold well. It is possible to reach into me gardening tote and find these very sharp blades open. A case might be helpful.
This is the third attempt at growing this and the plant comes up to about an inch and a half and dies. it is watered carefully so it doesn't wash it away. I am not sure what is wrong, it appears that the growing medium is too loose to hold the plants.
After owning it for 3 months it has started to rattle like crazy. Not quiet and the LED lights (while a good idea) are blinding and annoying.
Was not pointed on tip like picture. Was just a masonry bit
As others have stated, it's so small it's hard to zap any fly insects.
These are nice as long as you have batteries on hand. They start to go all green after maybe 4 to 5 hours.
good product can use at work hmm
Very disappointed that corner connectors were not included to make for a more professional looking insulation. It would have been nice if they would've at least told people that the corner connectors are sold separately so that we don't take our TVs down from the wall only to find that we can't install them because they're missing these Corner parts. Bending them doesn't work and would look sloppy anyways. Update: not long enough for a 65in TV. Lights are very weak so the room would have to be Pitch Black just to see them.
Product comes with 2 fabric pots. Placed media in first pot/bag and everything dumped out of a slit in the bottom of the pot. 2nd Pot was good - no hole. Caution when purchasing this item.
Stitching was sewn crooked
The clips that hold the pokes together are flimsy and cheap! It's impossible to work with Amazon to get a replacement part! I'll have to try direct to the vendor!
When you put the bracelet on, the blue repellant pellet falls out of the casing. I thought the bracelet part would be big enough for ankles, but they're too small. The repellant works, when it's in the casing. Next time, I'll look for a better design.
The main thing people should know about this is that the posts are so far apart that the plastic in the middle sags pretty bad no matter how tightly you pull it. If the posts had been just a little closer together, it would have been okay.
Since every edge is actually open you should hope never to water your plants because it will leak everywhere.
Shipping doesn't do well for the plant. Falling apart when delivered. Hopefully I can bring it back to life !
Broke the first day we had it at the beach. Although we were walking the wind switched on shore and it blew up in the air and a few of the tines bent.
The leg straps are sewn into the wrong side of the right leg and difficult to fasten.
Break too easily. The ceramic broke off when I put a plastic water bottle in. They work well with wine bottles though.
Useless at night or even dusk, you know when owls hunt and pests are around due to the horrible motion detector. I placed this owl approximately 4.5 to 5 ft off the ground as instructed and my 25 pound dog doesn't even set off the motion detector. The only way I could get it to go off was placing my hand directly over the detector and that only worked in bright light. Never would it go off at dusk or night.
The quality of the stick itself is not bad. Te problem with this thing is the water pressure is just not nearly strong enough to clean out your gutters. I have high water pressure and still the muck in my gutters refused to budge.Returning unit for refund.
leaked at the joints
Neat concept although the strips don't stick. All the stickiness peels off with the blue backing and the light strip itself literally has NO STICKINESS at all!
Please add weight to your description as well as the width of the trowel's blade. It looked narrow in the photo; is much wider than I wanted. It is also quite heavy in the hand. I will return to cast aluminum if I can find it anywhere; lost the one I had. It's too soon to judge sturdiness, BTW: wait a season or two.
We've had our group, and has already popped. I've tried to contact Weber as they usually have a warranty for everything, but I've gotten no response back. I will say that it does fit perfectly, and we did like it before it tour. I did see some comments about its weight, but I like that it is lighter and I can take it off easily without needing help.
Even when connected properly it still leak water on the sides.
Too small and too short
Pay close attention to the dimensions. Seat is not deep. Uncomfortable. 3 average sized adults could not sit comfortably. Swing blew over twice. Bent canopy frame. Top unusable. Spend a little more and get a heavier duty model.
I did not recieve the "cross base" as advertised and as ordered. Is it possible to get that now?
Flimsy and not wide/sturdy enough to hold a very big water hose.
It works as described but has the worst timer I have ever seen in a modern product. Timer on/off creeps 20 minutes per day. I have to reset it every few days to follow the schedule I want. I can't use an external timer because by default it goes to OFF when power is applied regardless of the mode it was in when power was removed. In my opinion this is a big flaw that ruins an otherwise OK product.
I used it for blowing leaves in backyard however it Has low power does even work for dry leaves in the backyard. Returned it. I am now using Greenworks blower that works better for us.
The idea behind this apparatus is good and the design is ok. However, the execution is poor. It leaked right away. Gaskets are too large to be effective, the internal pipe nipple is not properly threaded and is too long. I made a trip to the hardware store store and upgraded the parts thus making it leak free and functional. Installing requires beating the shaft into the ground resulting in the destruction of the plastic insert in the top of that shaft. I would not recommend this product in it's current form.
Very difficult to assemble. No words in the directions. Parts did not work. Had to go to the hardware store and buy a hardware to make it work. Had to modify lots of things to actually get it assembled. If I had it over to do I would never buy it !
These took forever to arrive. Luckily a late spring means I can plant a bit later than usual. They came in a clear plastic packet with no labeling or identification or any planting instructions. I will need to google planting guidelines and had to do a bit of digging through my various seed orders to even figure out what they were.
One of the lights didn't work right out of the box
I love these lights....until they stopped working. I bought them for my daughter's memorial flower bed but then one stopped working correctly & then the other 2 did as well. I'd like to get a response for this review & have the company replace them.
Had such high hopes for this hose. Lightweight, drained all the water before wrapping hose up when done and after 90 days 2 holes in hose. Disappointed it didn't last or was able to get a free replacement
I don't recommend this for orchid growing. It dried mine out too quickly. The clay absorbs water. I only add a few in the orchid mix to dry up the excess water.
The lights are very dull, not bright. I live in a rural area and needed bright lights for the driveway and walkway. Very disappointed with the brightness level.
Looks nice welds aren't good in some spots came with two different colors tops and it is a pain to get the top stretched across started to rip was pulling so hard
Hard to tell how the pump worked, because I didn't even get to the point where I could install it. First, I was guaranteed 2-day shipping, it showed up 5 days later. Second, pump was not packed very well. Third, the capacitor cover was dented, the cover for the electrical connections was cracked, and the impeller cover had a screw sticking half way out. Upon further inspection, I discovered why the screw was sticking out and it was because the helicoil was stripped/cross-threaded. With all of that, I was concerned with what else might be wrong, so I didn't want to install it and just returned it. I'm sure the covers could have been damaged in shipping, but the screw was an oversight by whoever assembled the pump. Need some serious QC.
I very much disliked the instructions. They are poor at best. This thing was a nightmare mainly because i had nothing to refer to that made sense. The instructions warn to install to a brick building only while the ad on amazon showed it differently and contradicted the instructions. I managed to reinforce the stud wall and siding to make it secure. I had to disassemble and re-assemble to make it work like the instructions showed it to function. It is like it was assembled incorrectly at the factory. I am still not able to get the sag out of the awning material. Worse of all i dont know if the way i have it assembled is still correct or not. I havent called the company yet to see if they will be of any help. It sure is flimsily and a decent gust of wing will wreck it for sure. It's been 2 months since i put it up and used it once just because i am so disgusted with it and that i didnt send it back once i had all the issues. I wish i had my money back and they had this unit in the manufacturers' trash bin where i think it belongs. Sounds like others had no issues and are enjoying their shade cover ........ as for me, I think i got one out of a batch of made wrongs. I have high mechanical skills, am over 60 years old, and can fix about anything given enough time. Here goes 4 hours of my life i wont get back. Should i waste anymore time on it?
Much smaller that depicted but looks good. I think it's fairy sized!
would not buy again. feel could have bought similar plastic for a couple bucks. performance not great, maybe they will last longer than plastic, but not better than a better single unit that could do what these 2 do,
My animals loved it but the product stopped working after just 6 months
Bad purchase. Take a lot of pumping to get it to work.
A bit confused on something. The reviewers make this seem like the greatest shovel ever... gotta admit, i've seen a lot better quality in local stores and everywhere else. I took this out of the box and almost cut my hand. The rivet used to hold the shovel portion to the pole isn't seated all the way in (poor quality). There are sharp pieces of the rivet sticking out that can grab you (i did scratch myself a few times). Very dangerous as it's very sharp. Another thing is one corner of the shovel where you put your foot has a very fine point and can scratch/cut you if not careful. The shovel has scratches on it but I don't care about that, it's a shovel afterall. But the portion where you may grab, having very sharp metal fragments from the rivet? That's just bad bad bad. I wonder if people got a free shovel for raving reviews or got a lot of money back in exchange for a big review. I sell on amazon and get companies who do just that so ya never know. But this is an honest persons review. It's a shovel, it's a good size, has a good feel but has a bunch of dangerous points where you can really hurt yourself. Debating sending it back although I don't want the hassle BUT at the same time why should I have to pay good money for something that can hurt me.
lights not what I expected. Too small.
We loved this pool vacuum so much and would give it 5 stars, but it broke pretty quickly. It suddenly stopped charging so then it was just dead. I saw several other reviews like this too, but I did just request an RMA and will send it back to see what can be done. So, I'll change my rating if everything works out.
Even without the battery this is heavy. The battery doesn't seem to add much weight. The big problem is that the motor is placed at the end of the shaft where the string is. That makes it bottom heavy and gives it a horrible balance. It would be okay for someone who had some light weed eating and a lot of edging, because with edging the weight is supported on the wheels. This will not go through tall grass well or heavy weeds. There is only one hole for the string, instead of two like most spools have, that and the fact that the string is a light gauge prevent this from handling tougher jobs. I do think that the motor could handle more if only there was a better spool.
My lawn has never been so brown. I entered the exact watering schedule from my old controller when my lawn was green into this one when I installed it. I have to manually water now because no matter how much I adjust the settings to rely less on saving water I cannot get it to actually water enough to even keep it semi-green. If I knew the trick to saving water was just let my lawn go brown I could have done it without buying this product. Nice concept but has not worked for me.
Love the lightweight but I had to replace plastic sprayer as it was leaking day 1. Once replaced months later I noticed leaking again and the hose itself was crushed (possibly a worker that came in for my windows stepped on it). Advertising is misleading as material is not extra durable. I would like to send back hose but the system will not allow me to refund. I would not buy product again.
I was looking for a good PH meter. Then saw this one that would do Light, Moisture and PH. Moisture was good, Light fair and PH not good.
The brass is durable but the orings are not the strongest of items which is annoying as it's very crucial. I would not invest in buying too many of these until the manufacturer provides a list of bottles it fits or they provide various orings with a range of thicknesses. I will need to go to the hardware store to replace the poor orings and to find a way to make their product work.
The biggest issue I have with this set is the mesh on the net. It is very large and lets a lot of debris through.
You cannot even hear it when the Spa jets are on.
The only thing i dislike about it is, it said it comes with gril mats but I didnt get any.
Cheap, flag falls off the pole easily, poke not long enough to support the flag
Don't think my chicks ever knew how to use. Was a pain in the butt to try and hang without ordering the bracket. A lot smaller than expecting.
DIDNT WORK ON THE EARWIGS AT ALL
Two out of the 6 lights didn't work. Other than that it would have been great ...
Only attracts the smallest of flying bugs. Did not catch any house flies, just tiny fruit flies.
Is not worth the price. 12 inch PLASTIC pot for 20 dollars?? Also mine had jagged edges on the rim of the pot and scratches/dirty. I thought it would atlest be a heavier/ more expensive looking.
Was expecting a little more "heavy duty" gloves. These work well for getting stuff out of the oven quickly and that's about it.
When i first ordered and received these, I could immediately tell these were not solid, good grade, stainless steel. But, I gave them a chance. I've used this once, ran through a wash, and this is the result. I did expect this to happen, but I had hoped it wouldn't. All the points you can see are spots of failure. Save your money and buy a better quality product.
I am disappointed that this lounge chair is too thin and too short. I'm a tall girl. Using the face feature has my toes hanging over the edge. For the price, I was hoping for more luxury.
Seemed ok quality but does not fit my 26” Weber With lid holder
Mine barely last 10 days on the second from lowest setting. Not very economical at all. They never float completely silver side up like is described.
really like the lightweight feature. can't rate durability--just got it. biggest negative thing i have found is when you need full flow it wants to shrink it's length; so one hand it trying to hold the length....very distracting when you are trying to water something. can't give it a high rating because of this feature. lay it down and it crawls away .
Didn't work all at well for me.
When I received the pressure washer one of the handle was bent and I tried to pull on it to straighten it out but no luck then with it being bent trying to put the handle on was difficult
Not very bright at all.
I don find the Smart Swatter Fly Swatter to be effective in killing random flies. Doesn't flex much (too stiff) and it can HURT when the fly is on you.
I ordered this hose in July, and we only used it a few times (less than 10), now it leaks. I would like to get a replacement hose. In a review from Nov 2018, I saw the seller answering to contact him via email to get a replacement hose and emailed him but never received a response to my email inquiry. PLEASE TELL ME WHAT TO DO TO GET A REPLACEMENT
Do not believe marketing claim of never kink. Kinks just as badly as any other hose when pulling it about when using to wash the car. Appears fairly durable. Yet to see how lifetime warranty works out when it eventually fails. Overall an acceptable hose.
very slow shipping, wait two weeks to receive it is too much despite ordering it with Amazon prime
New life for my Coleman cooler. Update: Worked for one year and then they all blew out on my last fishing trip. Light use and brittle plastic. I am going to buy the stainless steel type next and am hoping they will last longer.
it folds back down whenever You lift both sides. You must take everything off of it in order to move it to avoid anything falling, even if you try to move it slightly. It looks great but in the future I wouldn't lay 40$ for it.
We live in a 10 story building complex. Although we have 3 of them turned on in the living room that is about 350 sqft, our cat found in the same living room small cockroach.
Company is too difficult to contact with issues
Way too expensive for what it is. It is quite small. Did not keep the skeeters away.
I RECORDED AUDIO VIA MY PHONE CAMERA , YOU CAN HEAR IT FIRST DAY BUT AFTER 3 DAYS I NOTICED THE LIGHT IS FADING SO I RECORDED THE NOISE AGAIN I CAN NOT HEAR ANYTHING FOR ALL OF THEM . ANY WAYS IT DID NOT WORKS I STILL SEE MICE IN THE PANTRY.
I hired a professional to assemble this gazebo through Amazon. I was very satisfied with the work done. The assembler went an extra mile to fix leaks (see photos). But unfortunately it still leaks at the midpoint of each side. After a year, I feel I can write a fair review. The structure is certainly sturdy and withstood a Connecticut winter. Even so, the problem with the leaks is an annoyance. I called the seller and was advised about caulking it. The assembler had done that, but he could not figure out how to get the water to go down the corner channels and not leak at the center point screws on each side. Here is the problem. One of the sides is next to my sliding glass door. The slow drip causes a puddle. I have now also discovered that as vegetation accumulated this spring in the gutters around the sides it acted as a sponge. So that even after it stops raining, I get a slow drip from the water retained in the debris. I cleaned out the gutters to eliminate that problem, but that did not solve the midpoint leak problem. The seller was notified of this problem last year. They did not send a technician out to solve the problem that I as a consumer am not able to fix. If this were a small item, I'd return it. The four leaks might not be an issue if placed out on a lawn. One other flaw is that the metal structure do not come with caps at the ends. That could result in insects like bees infiltrating the tubes. So the bottom line is that I'm happy with this product until it rains. I enjoy the shade it provides. But the engineering design flaw leads me to not recommend it if the leaks may be a concern. Frustrating amount of time spent trying to correct this design flaw.
Have to really put pressure on it to work and handle is to short. Hurts our backs to use it
It will not pick up 5' with an one and a half inch pipe. it will only pick up 3' woth 1 and a quarter inch pipe. Yes i know about air leaks and their was not any.
This was disappointing as it's very frustrating to fill and no birds here will use it even on the hottest days. I bought a Stokes Drink n Bathe also and have neither of these problems with it.
I'm getting a little tired of the claim “if you order within 4 hours, you will get it by blah-blah-blah.” If it's not true - don't claim to get it to me by a certain date. This shipment is late. I ordered it with a promised date for a REASON.
Canopy was weak and tore at the edges among placing over the bracket.
I work with oil paints, works when u have light work. Does not work with blues and greens.
As an LED bulb they work fine. As a bug zapper... Well it's yet to zap anything. Gimmick confirmation and product fail.
This started as a great hose. Very light weight. I've been using it for over a month now and it started to leak. Today, it was leaking so badly that my legs and shoes were drenched.
Not very sturdy. Wood cracks very easily. Not really worth the money. I'm going to have to do a lot of reinforcing it to make it a good coop for my ducks..
Instructions on putting together are inaccurate. The location of the P and S poles Are backwards. Also all 4 poles should be installed on the inside of the canopy handles not the outside as instructed. Also, we put everything together and noticed a tear at the top of canopy.
Cord broke after 4 uses... Not very durable pull string and now its sitting in my shed collecting saw dust...
This was such a tiny leaf and half eaten not ok
The birds in my yard kept rocking it and all of the seed would come out because of the way the bottom was made. It holds around 8lbs of seed that was getting knocked out completely, every day. Love the look, just not functional.
I ordered five sets of these lights and strung them all up in my classroom to create a soothing mood for reading time. I loved the way they looked and how they made my classroom have a calm feeling. My students loved them, too - they asked me to turn our normal classroom lights off and turn these string lights on every day. They were beautiful and so awesome ... until one of the strings suddenly stopped working. I tried to problem solve and figured out that the lights would light up again if I changed the white remote receiver that is in between the lights and the power plug. Two weeks later, another string of lights did the same thing. Unfortunately I don't have extras of these white remote receivers, so my room is only partially lit up now. I would love to get all five sets working again. Is there any way to get some replacements for the white remote receivers or can I buy them somewhere?
Amperage of circuit jumped maybe to 5 amps and the contacts of the relay inside welded shut and I had to cut off the breaker to get it to stop.
light is not very bright and the batteries do not last very long
Bulb is really just under 9 watts - not the 12 watts advertised, so 25% less.
not custom fit. seems like it will last and that is why i gave it 2 stars but probably a heavy duty garbage bag would work just as good, i would not recommend wasting your money on this.
We had a backyard flea infestation that got inside. Took care of the outside problem but the indoor persisted. Bought two of these "traps" and placed per the instructions. Skeptical because the bulbs didn't look anything special, let alone infrared and they didn't give off any measurable heat. Didn't see one single flea over the course of two weeks. Finally had to use diatomaceous earth and organic flea sprays which made a mess but took care of the problem. These traps are now in the e-waste bin.
I was researching 42W version earlier and placed in my cart. Received a notice of price drop for Item that I had added to my cart earlier. And purchased without verifying details. Discovered my mistake upon arrival and was going to return but return shipping fee is too high. Will regrettably keep because I was at fault for not making sure I had purchased the correct item. Will not purchase Foxelli items in the future
The bulbs Are healthy, but I only received 2 bulbs, not 3 as advertised... disappointed
Way to expensive for what you get, there are better deals elswhere
I was very disappointed in the size and quality of the bulbs. They came with no planting instructions either.
We certainly had enough units to cover the house, but they did little to dissuade rats.
Very lightweight - a garbage bag would provide same coverage, I wouldn't buy again. Not consistent with Weber product.
This is not really a doormat: it would work much better as a mouse pad. Seriously? It is not even the size of a human foot.
Worked for two weeks and quit....
The first few tablets were fine but the further down the bucket we get they are all broken and almost powder....not sure how we are expected to use powdered chlorine in a dispenser made for tablets. I am not happy and will not purchase them again.
The valve has failed after 1.5 years. It now leaks through the stem. Not recommended due to leaking flammable gas!
This is not heavy duty, very thin material. I can't believe they can advertise Heavy Duty, very misleading. I have owned several covers in the past and this is not Heavy Duty material.
I'm not really satisfied with the way it fits around my waist. It's not very flattering, and it seems there's too much material between the legs.
Pretty cheaply made. I was expecting better quality for that price.
Lasted 2 years, broke at the top
While these shears are well constructed they are not as sharp as expected. I had to use a lot of force to cut even thin branches. They are not even as sharp as my old 15 year old shears.
I put on a double layer and the weeds grew like like crazy. I would have been better off leaving bare dirt making it easier to pull weeds and hoe.
They came falling apart, wilted and fragile. Much smaller than expected. I did order these in the winter so mabey they just didn't fare well in transit
These don't seem to work at all. In fact, I have seen roaches swarming around them. Get yourself some roach motels instead.
Made my hot tub cloudy and smell funky, slimy etc... did what the directions told us to
Bought a couple of these for a sweet sixteen party. 1 of the 4 wouldn't work. On closer inspection, the connector to the battery pack was defective.
It is too small sets in the corner.
Several of the bars were broken when this arrived. While not totally unusable, it is seriously disappointing. The fit is good for our grill, but 3 of the four sections had stress fractures and one section actually had pieces fall off before we could use it.
you cannot put anything large in it. put small plants or vines.
I've assembled lots of knock down furniture from Ikea and elsewhere and have never had a problem. This bench had me commenting in very strong language, sweating like a mule and not happy at all. The written directions are just fair, the illustrations even less so. I had to call their 800 help line and they were helpful. I've stored some outdoor items in it and it seems to work well for that. As for sturdiness and comfort I haven't sat on it and probably won't, it looks okay, but having built the thing and seen how generally flimsy it is it will just be a storage container on my covered back deck.
Not a long lasting pump by they are inexpensive and move a lot of water and easy to fit. I use quite a few of them. Always check the new ones to make sure they work before putting them on the shelf.
Product started showing ERROR after 6 months of infrequent use- calibration failing and contacted seller with no response. I will edit review if I hear back.
On the fourth use of this grill the temperature spiked 150 degrees over set point. By the time we noticed it the brisket was junk. That said Champ Chef technical support was great. They are sending a new control board.
When box arrived with two traps they were loose in box with no padding. one of the door hinges seperated because the pin came out. the other trap the trap door came loose. my son with skinny fingers an a mechanical mind was able to fix them. Also noticed there was difference in sensitivity of the trap doors, we were able to get them to work and they are doing fine. we ordered two because we had used these before and they worked fine. one so well it quit working because it filled up. dont know how many but it was a mess. Also if you put a glue trap inside you catch fewer but still a mess
By end of first year lost waterproofing, by end of second was completely rotten. Only useful if not exposed directly to weather.
The product is extremely messy. Glue will get everywhere. On the walls, on the ceiling, on your hands and clothes. I was being as careful as I could be, and somehow still ended up sticky. Soap and water did NOT remove the glue, I had to use olive oil, then dawn dish soap to cut the oil. Pet owners take caution: Not a product to use if you have curious cats, as one of mine knocked it down while I was napping and it got stuck to him so badly that he had to endure an olive oil bath, then dawn detergent bath. Some of his fur was just too far matted to save so we had to cut it. This was a user error, not the fault of the manufacturer. I don't think I'd use these again simply because of how messy they are and because they require you to poke holes in your ceiling.
Needs modification. Too many bees drown.
It's a good kit with many tools and seeds. However, the seeds and the name it labels are totally different. I try to grow mints and it turns out to be a plant that I can't recognized. If you are just trying to grow for fun, than it's a good kit for you. But if you are a person try to grow it and use it, than don't buy it.
This looper replaced one about 10 years old. It was purchased because of the quality I associate with Fiskars name. This item disappointed. The blades were not as sharp as expected. Cleanness of trim not as good as the looper it was to replace. I also bought a Pwr 2 23 inch Hedge Shear and Bypass pruning shears. Same issues as with looper. Is there a Nashville location that I can take items to get resolution of problem?
As you can see from the picture, the top of the container arrived cracked. The paper seal under the cap is fine, so the product is still fresh. But, once I open this container, and remove the seal, I won't be able to keep the product air tight and dry. Therefor, the product won't be at its best for as long as it should be. The product is kind of useless without a good cap. I did use the Amazon contact the seller and share the problem with them. As soon as I hear from them, I'll update this review with their solution. Stay tuned.
The price was great but the quality was not. The thread began to unravel within weeks of use and the grommets are prone to rust even though they look like brass
It seems this sits to low for chickens. I took out grills. I tied-up the chicken. And still to close for a catch pan sitting directly on the flame diverters. It needs to sits a couple inches higher to make this product easier ti use. I probable won't use it again. And since I have used it, It is $90 tool sitting under my grill now. I will try again if anyone knows what I am doing wrong....
The cooking grate is too close to the charcoal. The lid is hard to open and you could easily burn your arm trying to fully open.
I did not overload these rollers, but they tilted easily and no way to repair if one of the caster breaks its welding.
The plastic is pretty flimsy, it broke but I was able to fix it pretty easilly. The LEDs are also very dim.
Very disappointing but it is only printed on one side.
the sun rings did not seem to make much differance.it did not raise the temperature much
Very cute hanging plant holders. But, only half of them came with the hangers on them. The other half were just tins. It's not like they were pulled off. It looks as though they were never added on.
Disappointed....it was in less that good condition for the price....
Cheap product (you get what you pay for) missing parts, broken frame pieces, and directions is a simple picture that doesn't show clearly what you need to do in some spots. Disappointed in this product. Save the money and buy something more durable and reliable.
I do not believe they sent me a hose expandable to 50 feet. My yard is 100 feet wide and the hose does not reach half way.
Heat mat died after about a months use.
Smaller than anticipated. Gets a lot of condensation inside clock. Thermometer does not work accurately. Disappointed.
It came in soooo many pieces we haven't even attempted to put it together yet
I got these lights put in my yard and they worked great until 2 weeks ago then 3 of them just quit working. They are getting lots of sun but still dont work. What a waste of money.
Description says large orders may receive duplicates. I don't consider four plants to be a large order, yet 2 of them are the same. Too bad there isn't an option to select only lithops or something.
The pink color was different from the picture. didn't like it.
Broke after only several weeks of owning. Beautiful but not well-manufactured
Not working that well
Shipped fast, installed fast but the last two bolts that go into the carb to hold the air filter on only thread on 3/4 of the way then got tight and then snapped both bolts heads off. After all of that I decided to fire it up without air filter ran first pull but now what should I do buy from someone else?
I've never tried this brand before so when I came upon it for a reduced price, I decided to give it a try. Although the mix looks and seems fresh with no dust, debris of any kind in the bag, the regular visitors that frequent our feeders daily just aren't all that into it. I first tried it in a tube feeder due to it's small size but so far not much interest at all so I tossed some out into a small platform feeder 2 days ago to see if that would spark it up. Mourning doves are OK with it, Jays swoop in to pick out the peanut pieces but most of it is still sitting there. It's mostly millet which doesn't draw them in. I promote diversity by offering different types of feed and feeders. Waste free is a great concept and who wouldn't welcome less clean up? I'm sticking with my own blend of sunflower chips & peanut pieces which is truly waste free. Not a good value if it isn't readily eaten. Not worth returning.
Bought three separate pieces all in this set, and they are all different colors.
These lights still offer a purple hue. They do not match the rest of my actual full-spectrum lights at all. I like the design and function of the lights, but the color temperature is way off.
I used it for a large living room window. The adhesive did not adhere after wiping it with the alcohol before attempting to install. After installation was completed it didn't stay onto the window for 24hrs. I found no value in this product and am sorry I wasted what I did as it did not do tge intended job!
not ready for prime time. used on 1/3 acre. surprisingly good battery life, but mulching is poor, and can get tiresome to push, even on level ground. probably ok for very small areas.
Didn't bring any hummingbirds to our feeder. I emptied it after 3 weeks and used raw sugar and water -- now we have birds.
Also, buyer beware of monthly subscription. I was told that I would save money if I get them every month, but it looks like I paid about 13 dollars for my first delivery and 20 dollars for my second one. I did not look at the invoice prior to opening the seeds and pouring them into my bird feeder. So if I were to return this, I have nothing to return and there is no way to complain regarding the price hike. I call it cheating. By the way, there is a different company sell the high quality of these in Whole foods for 6.99 per pack (slightly smaller) but make is about $2 per pound. These are $4 per pound and they are broken (lower quality). Even seeds for humans are cheaper.
Initial review: We live in a small eastern nc town with flooding issues. Mosquitos are terrible but I was excited that this also worked for house flies. I also have honey bees in the yard and it said it was safe. 3.5 weeks in I decided to empty the trap, dissect and take pictures. Mostly moths (which don't bother me), then honeybees, some beetles, but not one single mosquito. Hoping that the special co2 paint somehow activates soon.
Lasted through summer 2017 and worked pretty well. Didn't get close to ever being 75' in length but certainly did expand when used. Drained, unplugged, dried, and stored for the winter, yet started leaking immediately in multiple places when hooked back up. This turned out to be a very expensive hose good for only one season of use.
Makes a nice pillow but can't sit on it.
This is a lightweight wheelbarrow. It gets one star for lasting 7 and a half years, and another star for being lightweight. No stars for quality construction. No stars for an ability to repair when it fails. I had and used this barrow for 7 years, and I did not pay any special attention to care, so bad me. However, when something fails on something as simple as a rusted part, which is modular, I expect to be able to repair it. Replace the part, move on with the working parts. However, now the frame has rusted out on this, and I cannot find a replacement frame. It's just tubular steel, bent to fit the other parts, but no. You can find tires, but no other replacement parts such as the handle or frame or legs. Now I have, maybe a new pond? the metal parts are garbage.
Not very many sunflower seeds in it - the Kaytee and Pennington brands have more
I didn't know that the size is really small. So make sure to know the exact size you want. But it was in great condition.
I didn't really like this flag because it is made of very, very thin material. It's almost see through. The colors are not as bold as pictured. It's just cheap. It was not very impressive.
They arrived promptly which was good however we were unable to light the. Perhaps it was too cold outside. Also I was unaware that they are illegal in 30 states. So perhaps it was just as well they didn't light.
The directions are DRAWN WRONG in the direction booklet, showing chain on left hand side, and there are other pictures showing left hand side parts orientation. So as we were using this to guide us, It messed everything up..... If you get it, pay attention to all drawings. The shade is now falling over the 'rod' instead of behind it. Now I guess I will have it taken down and put it up again.... MAKER CHECK OUT YOUR DIRECTIONS PLEASE. what a headache.
I dont see much difference
Worked great for one year.
Initially I really liked this feeder. However, after less than two weeks it fell to the ground because the hook broke completely off the top. I was able to return it for a refund.
The package that arrived was completely smashed and scattered ceramic shards all over my floor when opened.Even though the box that enclosed the planters had foam padding, the larger box it was placed within was too big, had no padding and contained another heavy item. I still love the look of the planter's and will attempt to reorder, but hoping that amazon/source will take more care to pack these items properly.
Received one box opposed to the three I ordered. Waisted my time waiting on something that was half assed during delivery. It's a decent quality tote however but due to the issue not worth it to me.
I was disappointed because the little hedge hog family that this was supposed to come with didn't come with it. I read reviews that other people got the little hedge hog family. It isn't super solid either. Cheaply made. Very small size.
The soil disks make a mess and several of the seeds didn't sprout. Waste of time and money.
Device broke under normal wear and tear
Not too many birds drink from it.
does not meet stated voltage. 5 volts max at best.
Not worth the extra money; buy a cheaper one. It looked nice and misted fine for a few months but then the handle broke off.
I love the concept of this hose. I like it's compact/light storage size. I like the shut-off at nozzle end. I have another brand and the outer covering frays easily. This one seems a bit more hardy, so we'll see how long it holds up. But there is one fatal flaw. Unless you're using the hose on very short runs, well below its expanded size, once expanded at full length, when you turn the hose on it is not able to maintain it's length and starts to shrink again, pulling/retracting the nozzle out of your hand or sprinkler out of place. This significantly limits reach and is annoying when wanting to use the full length. And I have high water pressure. It just doesn't work.
I bought 2 and they both fell apart starting in the same spot. Not very durable at all
Many, many bristles are falling out after 2 months of occasional use and are being collected in the pool filters. Not happy with this purchase.
Found 1 to to be broken out of the box. Glued it back together. Hopefully it holds.
Caution! Read all the restrictions. It's not totally clear that it is safe for all fish. DO NOT use on trout stocked waters as well as goldfish and koi!
bought this items intended to use for cockroach. never work. leave it plug in for month. nothing happened. those insect still there. Personally not to buy again
small amount for the price paid dose not smell or have the taste like peach
the birds are beautiful but the only thing is to find a branch or some way to hang them with the curve on it to make them look straight.
The texture of this flag is like burlap.
It worked great the first time I used it but the 2nd time it did nothing.
The product has leaked at both nozzle ends since receipt. I would not recommend this product!
it didnt last as long as my regular oregon plastic line does, sharp freyed ends dont feed well either
Just would not stick even after cleaning glass and suction pad as recommended.
I waited to write a review until we used this hose for a while. As I suspected it sprung a leak and broke. i purchased it at the end of Feb, started using it in about April/May and by July it broke. We used it for running the sprinkler and watering flowers an estimated 3-4 times a week. Always turning of the water and removing all water from the hose after we were done. I have e-mailed the seller to see what they can do since it has a 1 year warranty. I will update my review once i find out how the customer service is... emailed CS 3 days ago, still no reply. VERY Disappointing.
Was this was so nice looking when I received this plant hanger until it started to bow..... Yes and the plant on it was a 5inch plastic potted plant. So I am quiet disappointed with it. Only for indoor use for sure.
It broke in less than 3 months and I hardly used it for less than 10 times.
Bought this for my son for his first new apartment. Sadly, the broken bulb was wrapped in the blue cloth so both had to be thrown away. Does not look quite like the picture, but it was only $8.
Tomato cages were as expected. However the entire stack arrived without abox and wrapped in a very thin plastic wrap. Labels were ard to locate and wires were bent. All arrived but were I questionable condition.
It needs to be a level instead pressure. The tanks empty by the time it shows empty.
The printing on the ghost face is terrible. I wasn't expecting much for the price but the printing is smeared and brownish not black. Try a different brand. Our 43” ones by a different company are adorable.
I know it doesn't say Orbit. I went to Amazon as my local hardware stores, big box and such, did not seem to have them in stock. Wouldn't you know that when I had to go buy more brass misters due to the fact I had a few (I bought 20, 2 packs of 10) that wouldn't mist and no amount of adjustments would work, they had the orbits there. The orbits have a better screw in section, better quality for the same money. Wish I had gone there first, I wouldn't have waited the couple of days for a cheaper model and same price.
This was expensive, and was delivered with so many dents, it should have gone right back. The only reason we kept, and installed, it was because we already had a team of friends and family on site to help. Once up, the dents aren't that Noticeable, esp with netting up, and it's a nice unit. I was hoping we could sit in it during the rain, but it blows in from the sides. I guess the privacy curtains would have to be totally closed. That would be awfully hot and stuffy, however.
Loved them at first. I kept them in the case when I wasnt using them because they did seem to be fragile. After a couple of uses the arm came disconnected from the base which has a thin magnet that broke as well. I was down to one and the light is bright so I baby it. Unfortunately it as well came apart but I super glued it back to use a couple more times before I retired it.
Very thin. I doubled them up.
Not a big fan of having to replace the sunjoe adaptor. It's not very well made and I'm not sure how long this replacement will last for.
Not enought smokey flavor, over priced and I found slower burning pellets at Menards in a bigger bag for less money. If you prefer a mild smoke flavor and are looking for home delivery this is a good product. Just not my cup of tea.
Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't!
Sure would love to know that when you email them a question they actually answer you back?! Maybe someone can tell me how many lumens this 80w led puts out?
Buys love this product been bit alive wit this. Got it because I have a pet he hats it
Ten thousand seeds and not a single sprouted. It was cheap, but unfortunately was not money well spent in my case.
Not sure if mine was a defective trap or if it's my fault, but I didn't find this helpful. Not a single moth caught. I placed one in the pantry, the other taped to the fridge where a lot of those darn insects congregate. Perhaps I need to allow an even longer time for the bait to attract or maybe I didn't purchase enough traps to isolate those suckers. But I hate to admit I was disappointed in this product because I love the liquid ant baits by TERRO. Will try other methods of ridding my moth problem.
Assembly instructions were difficult to read and follow. One of the chair frames arrived all scratched up. The company is sending touch up paint. One of the back cushions arrived with a large tear in it. The company advised there is a 6 to 8 week back order wait for a replacement cushion.
Reservoir would not latch... PQ issue... mold seam not removed from latch barbs... Shaved down ... Then not enough spring tension to fully engage barbs into latch... had to add a modified compression spring to compensate for lack of latch tension....Feeder is good design otherwise.... Not happy... If it would have broke, It would have been my fault...
This product was funny, but did not grow. I read the instructions and only the back grew a few of the chia seeds. The top had to remain full of water, so the top seeds didn't really grow. Once left for a weekend without water, everything that was growing died. I would recommend for a gag gift, but that's about it. Thumbs down.
You can't sit up straight very well in the chair. You must be sitting back and lounging a bit at all times. And the knobs are too small to use, especially with arthritic hands. I can't tighten them enough to where the chair doesn't move at all. But I do like the blue color quite a bit. Not happy with this Amazon Basics purchase. Its a shame because all other Amazon Basics items I have gotten have been fantastic.
Table came with one leg 1/4" shorter than the other three. I asked for a replacement part - but they do not carry replacement parts. I asked them to open another box and get me a new part - they said they could not (or would not) do that. All they could do was offer me a cash rebate. Since I did not want to spend 2 1/2 hours disassembling the units and sending them back, I took the money. Know that if the units are not right to begin with they will not make them right. POOR customer service gets this company a poor rating. Added two leg pads to make the table level - but it does not look like it should.
These are on the thin side
the chairs try to fold you up in them. will not stay open. not happy with them. Also the delivery was horrible. Mine were delivered to neighbor down the block to wrong address. I didnt receive until the neighbor came to my house and told me he had them. a week later!
Bright Red became very light red in two months. Otherwise a nice umbrella.
I really enjoyed the compact size and weight of this tank. I bought it to use with my two burner camp stove on my 3rd gen Tacoma when car camping. It was really amazing until I went to close the valve and remove the hose to pack up and it was just spraying gas. I tried closing it multiple times and it would not close. I had to drive the rest of my trip with the rubber hose attached to it in the bed of the truck. This is extremely dangerous. To top it all off, this happened just after my return window closed. So now I'm stuck with a once really awesome tank that doesn't work. I'll probably have to pay to have the valve replaced
got this thing out of the box and I was thrilled, its massive and seemed well made. The issues with it are as follows: -direct sunlight over 2 weeks and color has already turned somewhat pink -canopy material is thin and ripping (due to sun exposure) Otherwise, its mechanical aspect of opening/closing is great. Love the design of it too
It seems to made of quality materials. There were no issues with any type of coating it just doesn't hold chicken legs at all. I placed it loaded up in my smoker then on my first check they had all fell out. This was my first try but I doubt there will be a second.
My son is allergic to mosquito bites - so I decided to buy this to ward off the ones that hang out near our door on the porch. Although it did seem to ward off mosquitos - which was obviously the point of buying it. It did seem to attract gnats and other small flying insects! There were small swarms pretty much every day for like a week and my husband made me take it down.
I'm like many of the others. The instructions are worthless, but my main gripe is it's not ready to plug and play. You have to spend another $50 or so for the parts they don't include. The tubing for the input, output to the pond, and sludge drain. You can probably use the same size tubing for the intake and the sludge drain, but then you have to buy another size for the output back to the pond, or use pvc elbows, tubes, glue, and all of that is before you can even test it to see if it works. I ordered the 1 1/2" tubing from Amazon before I realized I needed the output 3" either tubing or pvc fittings and tubes. So now a week later as I will have to schedule a trip to the hardware store, it's still not running. When I buy a filter, I don't mind the normal hook up, but expect all of the needed parts and equipment to be there along with instructions that are understandable for installation. Very disappointing for this kind of money. Get a 5 year old for the instructions and pictures. They can do better.
Didnt work as well as i wanted it to. Maybe one or two flies in a cup.
Unable to tell if the readings were accurate, felt inconsistent
The shield fit nicely and was easy to install but broke the first time I hit anything with it. It does not have the flexibility of the original part that came on the mower deck.
The plastic ring that holds the valve assembly to the tank failed after 1 week. I made a new ring out of metal and filter is back in service.
the batteries lasted 30 minutes and then they were useless unless I bought 8 batteries. Not happy. I have used battery operated lights before. these where not even a one-time-use. 30 minutes?!?
Started to grow in the house just fine, as soon as I planted them, DEAD. THEY ALL DIED. I AM SO SAD
I should've take a picture of the roach next to it on the wall, but I was in a hurry to deal with it. Two stars because maybe they help some. This is the third brand I've tried with similar results.
I've been using these for a little over 2 months now and have noticed that one half of the lights will shut off. (pic included) When it happened the first time I figured ok maybe a heat issue, I power cycled the units and the leds will power back on but with power cycling it resets the on board timer and within another hour or 2 it will shutdown half the board again. I purchased 2 of these units at the same time and they both have the issue.
It doesn't work that well, water still leak out. :(
I am not very happy with this product from the beginning …. thought I would receive in a couple of days and ended being almost two weeks. The item is floppy, small particles fall through the net, over-all dissatisfied. I would not purchase again, and the timing to get the net was very unsatisfactory.
it has a bad smell to it
To flimsy for anything but the lightest, fluffiest leaves or maybe cotton balls.
After they arrived they look nice and high-quality however they are a little bit too wide for the grill instead of sending them back I just cut one grade off, and that's when I realize that it was just a tiny thin coating of something shiny around a basic steel rod. Just so just be aware of it.
This cover seemed great but then the fabric started to become brittle due to UV degredation after about a year. It is now two years old and has torn in a number of places and needs to be replaced. Maybe for the price that is good enough? I don't think so.
**Update: did a return/replacement, and the replacement hammock was fortunately free of visible damage.** -- Arrived with a long tear right down the middle. Ordered as a gift, so was embarrassing. The carrying bag and box were fine, so obviously it was like that before it was packaged. Bad quality control, and glad we saw it before anyone tried to sit in it.
Unsatisfactory sprayer. I would not recommend because of frustration.
The insulation is thinner than other wire so it has trouble sealing on the MC4 connectors. Also the insulation is harder plastic - not sure if that is good or bad, but not easy to strip. The multi strands in copper are not all that small and they are not tinned.
Didn't last 6 months on my back window without fading not sure it's even 3M. Poor quality
These were much smaller than my husband thought they would be.
Could not get these to work at all. I watch YouTube videos of others using similar ones but just would not work for me. All it did was strip the screw more then the other side would not grab on at all.
Goes off and back on temperature
Not a bright as I expected They don't light uo my flag
The hose fits fine but isn't very flexible.
Unfortunately when my package arrived, ALL of the ladybugs were dead. I do not put it all on the seller as USPS placed inside mailbox instead of on porch. Maybe switch delivery provider for future. The one positive was that they were delivered on time 🙂
Of all that came in the pack only one went up.
What a waste! Yes, it works, but we purchased this in April, and two months later the bulb has gone out! And of course it's just outside Amazon's return window.
Some of the clips were loose and fell off in the box.
Don't waste your money. No better than regular spray nozzle
Does this come with bride and groom or just one of them cause it says couple set and I only got the Groom delivered today
2 were broken out of the box. The other 2 worked really well. Moles are gone!
Very little privacy at night. You can see right through it.
I had these for several years but tired of the chore of cleaning them. Finally threw them out!
Got this to trap squirrels but it is very small. More for rodents and chipmunks.
I liked this trimmer. However, I immediately had to buy a second battery to get the job done. And within a month one of the batteries has completely fried and the other one only runs half as long as a new one. I returned it and got a gas mower : (
Had one of these up for couple years with no issues. Now squirrels figured out that they can steal whole ear of corn by chewing the wood around the spike. This one lasted 2 days. Needs to have metal arms.
It doesn't germinate.
This worked great and lit my small pool well. For about 2 months. Now it is totally nonfunctional even after being in full sun for days. Waste of money overall.
This item arrived with chips in the paint/coating. The nuts and bolts were all over the bottom of the box not in the bag. Pretty straightforward assembly, but someone may need written instructions; the photos aren't clear. The foot that needs to be attached won't screw on all the way, so there's no way I would trust my precious plants on it. Not to mention they give silver screws for a matte black stand; looks tacky. Lastly the top shelf has uneven slats/bars so I dont know if a pot would be safe on top. Overall this would have been cute and worth keeping until I find something better if it were $25. Its not worth $50. I took it apart immediately. Returning it.
It was missing the wheel for edging.
Noticed this when on the second day of working in the yard gathering debris. It does get heavy if you fill with plants and branches etc. I was sliding this along the sidewalk, cleaning up summer annuals and weeds. Extremely disappointed that this happened on the second day. This was recommended by You tube channel Garden Answer. Maybe if this had wheels on the bottom, but then it would have to be good quality wheels to go through the yard.
Never worked well, broke down in less than two years. I had to run it for much longer per day than any other pool vac I have ever owned, at cost in electricity.
Eats up line like its free.
2 1/2 stars. I loved the product look. Hated that it was sent oversea in a light bubble wrap in an envelope. I bought two. One arrived safely, the other was in pieces. Unfortunately, my fault, I didnt notice it wasn't free return. To get my money back I needed to ship back to China.
The latch that holds the handle in place snapped off. The holes for the bottle cap reservoir didn't line up, incredibly frustrating. Bought it as a gift, made me and the cooler look incredibly cheap. Don't recommend it to anyone.
They are not color changing
I admit that I didn't read the description carefully, but it is a bit misleading since I have never seen 1 inch tablets to be sold for a pool. The pictures make the floater look like it is for a standard pool tablet. Also seemed filmsy in structure.
I bought this for a concrete bird bath. When I received it the instructions were to stick the fountain to the bath(suction cups on the bottom). Of course it doesnt stick. Doesnt hold much charge either.
Nice sign and great size. Unfortunately there's a significant scratch on it and the plastic protective wrap was torn open. Bought this as a gift and no time to return it.
These died after a month of being outside in a generally well protected area. VERY disappointed! I bought 4 strings and now only one works.
It's not that heavy duty that I thought
Not as advertised. The top hook part of the pole does not prevent the flag from twisting around the pole. We have not had a lot of wind and we followed the instructions. I had to buy extra pieces to make it where the flag does not get twisted on the top part of the pole. Since I added parts to the top part of the pole it works fine.
Laser works but not accurate with different distances needed to shoot. Don't waste money on a laser. Just a but better than useless. Shooting from one foot is much different sighting of laser than three foot, making this not a good idea.
I contacted the seller shortly after ordering to cancel the order. I never heard back. Almost 2 weeks later, tracking info became available. Seems like there was plenty of time to contact me between placing the order and when the item actually shipped. Potatoes look fine but lack of communication has dropped my review down to 3 stars.
I purchased this for my man to get his plants going and I never got the timer!! I am quite sad about this! Here is your partial gift love! Have fun with this half...
CONS:They are difficult to set up: very flimsy connectors that are hard to deal with. You can't reconnect if you cut them. The rubber peels off easily. The remote works when it wants to. The connectors are sketchy, you have to really work with it to make it work right, lights just show red when connection is bad. Hard to line the back of monitors. The extensions are stiff and hard to work with since they come undone very easily. PROS: Lights are nice (when they work), the lights are soothing and bright. That's pretty much all for pros. I wouldn't really reccomend buying this unless you know how to rig it up
Not very strong when it came to longevity of use.
This product was beautiful to look at but, NO BIRDS ever tried to use it. I know it was to deep but can't figure out why they didn't even want to get a drink from it? I put a ceramic pie plate out on a stool and they come to drink and take their baths in it all the time!
36mm plugs are a bit narrow for regular use. I supposed they're OK for small seedlings or something. Get the 42mm instead.
During the first summer they began falling apart. Cheap craftsmanship. The entire thing is plastic except the stand. Meant for people who don't really put anything in their compost I guess? Used it one summer, by the end was falling apart with compost falling out. Haven't had time to repair it to use again. (Just throw your compost in a pile instead because it'll end up on the ground)
In the past I've had nothing but luck with Christmas cacti. This one seemed healthy when I received it, but after having it for a little over a week it already has died (I think) and all of its leaves and everything has fallen off. I really wanted to like this, but I guess it's just the luck of the draw with plants. You never know how well they're going to do
I was getting eaten alive after a family trip to a hotel in Orlando, FL; but this product appears to have taken control of the situation. We've caught a few bugs scurrying away, and none lately. Bed bugs are so easy to bring home, and it's nice to have a natural product that can control them. Addendum: Does not seem to be working long-term. I have as many bite marks on me as ever, and we're considering professional help at this time.
Assembly was not by any means easy. The instructions were not clear and had to go off the picture to put it together. One touch and it falls apart and you have to start over, taking the time to reassemble. Glad its together and in place, but unsure how well it will hold up. somewhat flimsy, wider pieces would have given it more substance.
It was not metal. It was plastic.
The feeding station was delivered missing an essential bolt which holds the bottom and next center poles. I put it up anyway but on a windy day the poles separated and the top fell. The threads in the bottom pole were stripped and I had to use one of the arms to keep the poles together. We'll see if this is a permanent fix. I was very disappointed because I loved seeing all of the birds gather on the many feeders this system holds.
I have not caught the First Squash Vine Borer I had it out for over 3 weeks and caught nothing at all. Very expensive and the seller took days to ship.
I guess I should have known better because sometimes you really do get what you pay for. This fire pit is so flimsy that it might as well come with folding legs and be portable. I am so disappointed! The bowl is very shallow and if it gets really windy it could be a mess or worse... Ugh
Its not 100 seed ,it's about 15 -20 and deferent shapes
Wish I didnt have to restart all the time otherwise it would be perfect
Awkward to use. Removed the handle to be more user friendly.
So I've had this for a few months. It's huge. It took 8 people to put it up cause it is very heavy! Mine came with some pin holes in it. I was so mad and found out after it was filled to the top. So with that said. I had to patch it. There was no way I was going to waste all that water to return it. So the patch has held so far. But this pool was expensive and should not have been damaged at that price. The filter is definitely not big enough for the pool so you may want to upgrade unless you like spending time in the sun vacuuming this huge pool! The vacuum suction does not pick up fine dirt. So yeah that's what I'm dealing with now. But it's sturdy. It held up during a 5.9 and a 7.1 earthquake. So that's good. The kids are happy.
I've been using it for a month now and I haven't seen any improvement on my tree yet. :(
It worked for a day or so. It was hard to place these in spots where they would "work"
The seal is opened. About one third of the solution leaked in the Amazon packaging. Once I opened the packaging the leaked solution fell all over me and all over the floor. Upon further inspection noticed that the seal to the bottle is also punctured. I am not sure if some of the solution was purposefully taken out or if some of it is replaced with other cheaper options. I paid close to $35 for this bottle, so loosing one third or probably a fake is not a good feeling. The only reason I did not return it is because I need it urgently to treat my lawn and cannot wait for another weekend.
These fit very nicely but fell apart in less than a year (with some sun exposure, but not 100%)
Of course the spools are easy to load because they just drop in. However, I found that the cord keeps breaking and will not auto feed. Therefore, you have to stop what you are doing, remove the spool and pull the cord out because it is wound incorrectly. Doing the edging and weeding takes longer using these spools. I will not purchase again.
rocks are so small you would need thousands to do this
It came dented and scratched, and the sticker on the front pulled off the paint when I removed it.
The shipping package was sealed and undamaged but the product package inside was open and 13 of the labels were missing.
Very cheap. Ok for a 2nd one.
Bought two bags, nothing except for an extremely potent laxative effect lmao. They also came from China. Fast shipping, though.
I have 5 of these and although they look great in the water feature when they are working. I have yet to get more than a season out of them without half or all of the lights failing. Way overpriced to have to buy every year.
Good Quality but since it's made out of cloth it slides around the bottom of the hot tub
Way too small. Washer won't fit smoker.
My product came all clumped together and didn't have a seal? I feel like it's either been used or opened.
They come on blinking every night. I keep resetting them to be on (solid), but they come one the next night blinking again. After a month or so they have stopped coming on or are very dim. There's no option to return them, so that's disappointing and annoying.
I bought 2. One thrived. Other no growth. Bought another. No growth. Not satisfied.
My bad not reading the description very carefully. These are very small cages and not practical for most uses.
both of them came broken, disappointing
Just bought this March 2019, and when I use it to brush my pool; all of the bristles are falling out. I would not recommend it.
I bought this June 23rd, normal use, it's July 2. 2 large cracks in it. Good thing it was a pack of 5 maybe it's the color. The purple seems to be ok.
it was broken in 2 weeks, too week to hold
After 2 to 3 days the box does not close completely. Nothing seems out of place.
They worked for a couple of weeks but for some reason they just stopped working. I changed the outlets and everything so it's the lights and I made sure everything was plugged in and how it was when they came. Idk what happened but they don't work anymore ): kinda upset, I really liked them
Really cheap material. The second the wind picks up, your tent will fall apart. I had to duck tape ALL the connections so the poles wouldn't fall out of their spots. I also had to contact the company to replace many of the poles as well since they were bent at the ends when they were made.
The spray bottle stopped working after a few times of usage, the scissors started to rust without using them at all. I upped the review to two stars because the rake is semi-decent but that might be only item worth anything in this set. I would love to but I just can't recommend this product.
They are very easy to extend and allowed my children to easily and safely roast marshmallows over a campfire. However, handle started popping off the first time that we washed them. Very disappointed in the durability.
The product arrived with the battery missing. On further investigation, I learned that it doesn't come with a battery. You have to order the battery and charger separately, and they cost more than the trimmer! This information should have been made more obvious in the product description. I cannot comment on the quality of the product because I was unable to use it, and am returning it. Unfortunately, I will have to pay the return shipping cost . Moral to the story: read the entire product description carefully and don't assume anything.
Stopped working after 3rd light yard work. Chain just scrolls. Too late for Amazon return. I liked how lightweight it was.
Small compact chair, hard to sit on. Would need cushion. I returned.
Impossible to do a long slow cook. Grill set at 225, when started, will climb to around 325 and then drop down slowly, close to the set temperature and maintain for about an hour or so. Then all of a sudden it will shoot up to 375 and slowly drop back down close to set temperature before climbing back up to who knows where. I have managed to pull off some good cooks but it is definitely not a "set it and forget it" situation. I nurse a charcoal cooker less.
I had really high hopes for this since it has such great reviews and is recommended all over the web, but it just didn't work for us. Maybe it's because we were in an apartment building and could only treat our one unit. I never saw any ants eating this, and the ants kept appearing at the same rate as before. I'm not giving this one star because it might just have been a really bad infestation that we couldn't treat as a tenant in just one apartment. We actually moved out early largely because of the ants.
Probably made overseas. Usually buy ANNIN flags but thought I would try this one. Blue field is about an inch is so larger than should be. It is nicely stitched but production repeatability is low. I'm going back Annin flags
Plugged it into my existing battery connection on my Harley that I use for my electric tender (which I know works), and it did not charge the battery at all! Trying the cigarette lighter option today in search of better results. If not better I will be returning this product.
It's my own fault for not reading the other reviews, but this soil is way too expensive for how much you get.
Great product been using them for years. Delivery by UPS however was terrible. Filter came in a box twice its size, all banged up. Top was lose, and the external white pre-filter was completely black. Banged around so much in transit it was covered in a very thick black lawyer of soot, inside and out. As a result its blowing soot all over instead of filtering the air. To large to return. Just hoping it stops blowing soot...
There are not 32 of in this bottle I poured 16oz in my ratio right and went to add the other 16oz and there were only 12oz left. If they would fill the bottle it would be nice.
These grates appear to fit my need, however about half of the grates were broken and fell apart when removing them. 45 grates are included in the box and I had enough to just barely cover the grill surface with no spares for breakage in the future. Since these grates are ceramic they break easily and the packaging for shipping was insufficient for their fragile nature. I ordered these specifically because they are made in the USA. I could have ordered an identical set made in China for a cheaper price (set of 30).
Apparently Amazon denies any reviews that are less than stellar. I have attempted to review this product with real and true facts, outlining that one of the two plants arrived in OK condition and the other was quite bad. The design on the pot is nothing more than a plastic coating and arrived peeled off in several places - eventually it will be just a white pot. This is the 2nd time Amazon has denied my ability to leave an honest review about a product. This leads me to question the validity of the reviews that are allowed to be posted.
My shipment came without the saucers for the pots that are in the listing picture and without the small tools that people talked about. Without the saucers the cannot be use for plants .
Flimsy gloves. Never use these handling cacti or other prickly plants. The spines go right through IMMEDIATELY. They are not very hand protective, too thin. Spend some extra money and get a good pair of garden gloves. Lesson learned.
Mole repellent. This product is not waterproof and shorted out after about 7-8 weeks. Don't recommend!
they arrived quickly and appeared to be well packaged but they hum quite loudly and interfere with other electrical item running in the house... t.v.'s, radios, computers etc. a couple of them keep shutting down
Two weeks and three don't work Plenty of sun would not buy again unless company sends replacement
Even smaller than I imagined! I don't know where I could ever find succulents that small!
Only gave 2 stars because I didn't use yet
Returned this product because the name of the product implied it was made of bronze. The top is bronze colored metal and the stake is plastic. I purchased a similar designed product that is all metal from Home Depot for $10 each.
Not even the same color. One is more brown, the other is more gray washed. I'm all for the rustic look and didn't expect them to be identical but this is not even close. Pretty bummed.
Couldn't make it work.
Tried several times... just didn't work. Clumpy and even with a $100 sprayer, still clogged my sprayer, so I returned and I'm hiring a professional to do it for $200.
It's more black than tin-colored
This is not a bad product, but definitely its not as good as the Fastlane from Endless Pool. When you compare the prices this one costs 20% or 30% of the Fastlane, so it much cheaper. Before buying it I tested the Fastlane and loved it, but it was very expensive, so I found this option here on amazon and bought it. My considerations are: - It does not generate enough water flow for an experienced swimmer. - Most of the times when I turn it on, it shows an error on the screen so I have to reset it. - The power transformer is big and has a short cord. I wish I could I could hide it in the engine room, but It was not possible because of the cord's length, so I wrote an email to the manufacturer but unfortunately the answer was that they do not sell a larger cable. If you are looking for an equipment to have fun and swim for a while, this is a good option. Nevertheless, if you want to train for a competition (in my case for triathlon) maybe this is not the most suitable option. Best. Rafael
Very very very small pot...
Sent them back, too snug.
I thought I was ordering a regular doormat. This is very light and slides around, so it is more decorative than practical.
These are literally a couple seeds in plastic containers. That's it. I thought they would have growing instructions for each species but instead I received a booklet on how to grow herbs....
My kids liked the colors, but the telescoping mechanism is cheap - one broke the first time using it. I don't expect the rest to last very long. Next time I'm just going to go with the longer, more sturdy skewers.
I bought this one for squirrels but way to small.Iam sending it back for a bigger one.they say squirrels but no way.
when using the new spool the line would catch on a stubborn weed and the spool would come out of the weed eater and the whole line would unravel. I then spend about 20 minutes untangling it and rewinding.
Note it does not come with the stands.
These are plastic and extremely fake looking. They do bend which is nice, but they will have to be well-hidden among other things to disguise them. Disappointing, but they do function as advertised.
Spectacular flame effect from these next gen garden Tiki's. Appear to be good quality. Time will tell how long they operate. My experience has shown that many solar lights have limited lifetime. Fingers crossed. Update: It's now December 29th 2018 and one of the Tikis is going shortly after switching on after a day of sunshine. Disappointing.
I was very hopeful for these light to be awesome but was really disappointed. The lights do not stay on once placed in the pool. They would stay on for about 5 seconds and then turn off. I returned them.
Did not need, returned same day.
In photograph it appears to be several water flow options from one source.
This worked ok at first, but after less than 3 years the screw rotted so I am not longer able to secure the flag pole in place.
2 of the 3 ordered came bent to fit inside a too-small box. Each was sent separately.
The item I was sent is just a 10 frame with an edge cut off (see photo). It's not the same color as depicted either, which won't effect its usefulness but just another point. I could have bought a 10 frame locally for less mo eye and cut it down I purchased this item because I wanted the wider edge for stability. I need it now unfortunately otherwise I'd be returning it.
Out of the whole pack i have only two or three tiny sprouts
Like many of the other reviews stated, these are junk, especially for the price. The concept is great, with the cover that will protect pets or larger animals from hitting the trap, but the quality is very poor. I bought a similar trap without the cover for less than $5 each. Those were far superior in quality than these. The first one of the 2-pack wouldn't set at all. The second you could set, but if you just moved it a little bit, it would go off and the plastic cover would go flying off. Save your money and buy a different trap.
I have a three-year warranty but only last a year and a half and I've had two of them. When you contact the manufacturer they say warranty has to be handled through the place of purchase.
I bought the 50 pack seed panted 40 only 10 came up saving the rest for later hopefully have more luck
The roof has warped due to the sun and the doors no longer stay in place. I will have to modify the structure to bring the roof top in line so the door tabs will stay in place. The previous Rubbermaid storage shed lasted 10+ years. This seems to be junk.
This net is fine. It's the pole I have an issue with. Even if you use it on its shortest distance range, it is flimsy and fells like it will break at any moment. When it is extended, it is even worse. I couldn't get it to extend all the way for one. As far as I got it though, just running it through the first 2 inches of water in my Intex Easy Set pool was nerve racking. It was bending and cracking the whole time. We ended up just getting in the pool to skim the surface. While I am able to use it and the net does catch a lot of debris easily, it is certainly not what I would spend any amount of money on again.
The cover fits my log splitter very well and stays put, even in heavy storms. However, after only 1-1/2 years, it developed a large split in the material. It wasn't damaged or stressed, it just split open. This tells me it's not high quality material. If you don't mind replacing it every one or two years, go for it.
it was ok - i waited long time to see how pest control stay away.. its still come around every once a while - i wouldnt buy those items again.
pretty blue light lol, still have mice don't seam affected by them at all.
Ants walk around them but never go to them! So dissapointed.
I planted my sunflower seeds about 2 months ago and they still haven't flourished. I've been watering them daily. Nothing. False advertising!
I returned. Guess I didn't read description well. Would of needed to hail to side of house and didn't want that. Would work very well if that is what I wanted it for!
Some work better than others
While it works ok, one of the terminal boxes that we put a wire in from the battery has been falling out since we first started setting it up. It falls out every time we move the solar panel, and the screw won't stay tight on the wire.
This product broke within one week of it being up.
There was no magnet hook, which was part of the reason I bought this flyswatters. So I am very disappointed, but Amazon refunded me the amount of purchase and I'm keeping the flyswatters. Free flyswatters 🤷🏻‍♀️
Before you buy these look a little further it does not come with a bucket. There's another ad for 499 which that is what they should be very unhappy with the price thought a bucket was coming with it. That's what happens when you don't look me on your nose LOL my loss your gain thank you
A great saw, while it lasted. Only got to use it twice before it stopped working. It made the same sound as when the battery was low, but even after fully charging two different batteries neither of them would make the saw come back to life. Problem now is I need another saw and afraid to try another Poulan Pro saw.
Lots of brown patches after application.
Rated for 50,000 hours entire rope went out not even close to 10,000 hours. The cord completely fried. Company won't even respond, starting to re-think buying things like this on amazon. No protection for the customer buying faulty items.
These are not stens filters. They are not like the ones pictured.
Unfortunately after a couple of weeks both of our lights got water logged and stopped working. They were awesome while they worked but we figured since they're waterproof they can be left outdoors all the time. I would take them out of the water and inside in between uses, unless we just got a bad pair.
While the product itself is fine, we have particularly hard ground and unless the ground was wet, the product was not effective.
When the product is on it works perfectly and kills lots of bugs. The problem is a problem with the plug on mine. I have to move the plug around to a position where the electricity stays constant. Other than that I would recommend because it is good quality for the price.
The heavy duty wheels hold the vac mechanism too high above the pool bottom, so lots of clean water goes to waste while not applying max vac pressure to the pool dirt. After the wheels are worn down a lot, it will work better. I already adjusted the wheels to minimize the gap between the vac and the pool surface.
This product is beautiful in the wind. But after one month, one of the spinner blades came off. I reapplied it; one month later, it came off again and the wind took it away. Now it's off-balance and doesn't spin correctly. Too bad the return time has passed. I would highly recommend it except that it didn't last long.
They don't work well, mice still arounf
Very pretty. But the settings tend to change on its own many times. I will wake up in the middle of the night due to it changing its mode or brightness. I wish it stays put to the mode I leave it.
The steps are as advertised and look great installed with my pool.
Original post: I already want a refund I won't be able to get... Corners don't even match up. Can't assemble it. Update: downgraded from a two star to one star. Very unclear directions (no, not missed details, just plain unclear, not enough info to assemble) led me to where I may not complete assembly. Possibly misleading dimensions for plywood. Basically this sucks so bad and I hate it.. Here is what I wrote before the stop work errors (and I build lengthy projects every day).... Saying its a pain in the butt to put this thing together is an understatement. Be ready for stressful directions every step of the way. It never ends. Really. Even the adhesive pad is a pain to peel. If you're ready to be James bond, buy this. The pain of assembly can not be underestimated. Worst experience. Sucks 100% 2nd Update: I upgraded from one to two stars because it will eventually go together after several days off work and has lasted did months. Besides that assembly sucks more than you can imagine.....
I liked this but it only worked for about a month.
There very dim and one of the parts came broke. I'm using them but very disappointed
I ordered these for the tree off of my deck. They are VERY thin, flat metal, which I did not expect, but it's fine because they'll be tacked on a tree. BUT my issue is with the paint job. These aren't colored very well, and the different colors don't really blend, so it looks like harsh-edged blobs of colors all over. Plainly put, these look cheap and I'm surprised they have as high of a rating as they do.
WE HAVE HAD THESE TRAPS FOR AWHILE AND JUST TODAY ATTEMPTED TO USE THEM. WE LIKE THE DESIGN....IF THEY WORKED. NEITHER TRAP WILL LOCK. REALLY POOR ENGINEERING. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
They came a bit bruised because they were not attached, just loosely dropped in the box. Sadly, the tips broke off. The rest of the leaves barely developed. Overall, not impressive.
Product is described as heavy duty and strong. It is flimsier than my current set, if I hadn't thrown the box away I would return them. I won't even be using this set. Money wasted
I would like a refund. I only got weeds . I thought I was getting a hummingbird garden of seeds. No luck.
Cheaply made and doesn't stay in place.
Effective for light rain, however with down pours it can't handle it. Water gets into the grill and the all the drip pans.
I bought 2and neither charge unless plugged into an outlet. It is not solar.
Worked OK for the first 2-3 months. They were white when I first purchased but after 6 months, they are all yellow. The solar panels also appear to be melting or deforming. Finally after two years, they are no longer usable and I have to replace them all. I did try replacing the batteries several times. The materials are very cheap and flimsy where I am sometimes able to tap the item and they might just work.
Not totally what I needed
Came folded in box and hose broke in center when I was using it. It is to stiff for what it is used for.
Good deal for the money if almost half of them didn't work lol on the last purchase some times only like 20% are bad
Don't waste your money. We built raised beds last spring and used this liner to use grow bags in them. This stuff shrank big time, is warped looking now and will not lay flat again. Very disappointed that I will have to remove it and replace it, costing me more money and time for repairs.
Would not assemble correctly. Could not snap high pressure hose securely into gun.Not sure if they sent the wrong gun with the unit or what. Ended up sending the unit back for a refund !
The power supply fails Happen twice to me. Sucks after you install them
my fault in not reading reviews before buying this poorly designed product. ive had it a short while and its blown off 3 times.
This is one tiny orchid.... wonder if it'll ever get to blooming size. When shall see....in 6-12 months?
I followed directions to the tea and still needed to get rubber washers to stop them from leaking which were not cheap. Now I have to lift the yellow nipples to get more water out for my chickens because pushing down or them pecking doesn't work.
This tastes pretty much like the other chocolate teas from this company. I was hoping for at least a hint of rose, but was sadly disappointed. Not an unpleasant tea, just underwhelming.
I was really excited on the idea of these blades vs the string. However i get about two uses and they are ground down to nubs. I wouldnt buy them again. I went back to string. Too bad, because the concept is great.
I really liked these lights at first but after not quite 2 months, half are not working. I would expect to at least get 1 season out of them.
I bought this to water a few potted plants and spray dust off the tiny balcony of my apartment. I thought I could buy something inexpensive since I'm not a heavy duty user...or even a moderate user. Plus, I love the design idea and thought it would have be perfect for my 8ft x 4ft balcony because of how it expands and retracts. Since I bought it 3-4 months ago, I've used a handful of times. The first use was great and worked beautifully. No issues no leaks. At the 3 use, it leaked where the hose goes into the plastic attachment valve. Not just a tiny leak but a huge water gushing leak. There's nothing that can be done. It's just cheaply made -- and unfortunately a waste of money. I have to replace it. I gave it 2 stars instead of one for the design idea. To bad it's a flawed product.
Putting it together was frustrating. One of the axles was bent slightly and it made putting it together more difficult than necessary. The instructions were not as clear as they could have been.
This may help keep some of the ants away … but they are still coming in when lots sweet/food are left out.
Cracked within a year and completely disintegrated after 18 months. Not sure what the life of a plastic cover is, but I was hoping for a few years at least.
This really cannot take any wind. Got these for some backyard shade in AZ...they are great for shade but got all bent with a little puff of wind. Managed to salvage one... mostly. Really not recommended unless you plan to be out with the umbrella all the time.
when I got the chainsaw it started right up but after only about 10 minutes of use I shut it off and could not restart it. This happened again on the very next day and the day after that. It will not restart hot. No support no returns! The other problem I have is I don't like being lied to. The description clearly states that it comes with oil to mix fuel. The day I knew it was going to be delivered I bought a gallon of gas. It did not come with mix so I had to run back into town to buy two cycle oil. Such a stupid little thing but it leaves a very bad taste in your mouth.
The wind blew it over and the stake bent so it could no longer be used I guess that is why 2 come in a pack.
I love the thought of these wireless controllers, but they don't seem to water when they are programmed. So the real benefit is that I can manually turn the water on and off room inside the house. I started trying to use the Smart Watering feature, but none of the 4 zones I have connected actually ran over a 10 day period (even though the calendar showed they were on the schedule). I shifted to a simpler model of water on odd numbered days, and that only seemed to work for 1 day, then nothing... Maybe I have missed something in the programming, but the fact they show up on the schedule makes me think it is setup correctly. when I look at the yard after the scheduled time, everything is dry... I wish these would work properly.
One of the holders is defective. I've placed 2 different pods in the first holder and neither pod bloomed. I waited several days after the bloom time and nothing grew. Get disappointed that 2 of my pods were waisted. I've had this over a month.
Flag Pole Clip Snap Hooks were too small. Larger clips are not available.
Base is not wide enough. If it is slightly windy the umbrella blows over.
I purchased these solar turtles for a backyard garden. They didn't emit a lot of light but they were charming. Unfortunately they quit working within two months. Batteries were changed and that didn't make a bit of difference. The lights just quit working. So if you are buying these turtles for the solar lights I would advise looking elsewhere.
Not worth the price! Read good reviews an purchased, April 2017. August 2019 hose started leaking from brass end, tried to repair, but realized the vinyl core had torn and started leaking even worse. I was very diligent after using hose, I would drain, and let dry out, then put back into its bag and stored inside our home. So I would use this hose usually to wash our vehicles with soft water, and this hose was very light weight and easy to maneuver around the vehicles. Great hose, so I thought for $50 it would hold up for years. I was wrong! So if you want a expensive hose which might hold up for 2 years, buy this one. I think you would be wise and buy a cheaper version of expandable hose.
compared to other brands: don't stay lit and I live in a dry climate fragrance too light
I tried this seed in three different areas. Overall, I am not satisfied. I grew up on a farm and we planted alfalfa and clover for our cattle. So I know how to plant this product. Germination was fair, but then disappeared. I watered the areas, but that did not help. Not good in my opinion.
There is no way this weak fan is going to suck in a fly.
Very disappointed. Followed the instructions and after two weeks only one can had anything that looked like a potential plant. It shriveled and died in the next couple of days. Nothing else ever showed any sign of growing. Trashed the project after a month. Sadly, wasted my money.
Was good while it lasted but unfortunately it broke after 3 uses. The blade snapped off from the pole. Cheap plastic connections. Spend a few more bucks and get something better, wish I did.
After having these a few months I notice that not all of them work, and they're different ones each night. They just don't charge or acknowledge that it's nighttime. They also only hold charge for a few hours if they do work, they turn off after a couple hours. Save your money and buy some better quality ones.
Came without pr-drilled holes as indicated...lucky my husband had tools here and was able to drill them. Otherwise...product as expected.
I didn't realize there was only a 30 day return window, having a busy life. This fountain was a problem from DAY ONE. It constantly fell over, even after propping it up. I'm very disappointed Amazon allows a product to be sold with only a 30 day return policy. Now it won't work at all and we're out the $$. Maybe we got a lemon.
OK these may be great outdoor solar hi output lights, but you have fooled me with your drawings which make each unit look much bigger than they are. I will still put them up, but your advertising is a deception. I got them expecting something the size of what I see in the drawings to put above my garage entrance. The scale in the drawings makes them look twice their size or more. Plus I checked and you do not make it very obvious about what size they are. Additionally the directions are obviously written by someone who does not know English very well. I am disappointed.
It worked a couple of days and just stopped working. I have another similar light from a different company on Amazon and it is working like it should so I will be returning this one.
I am disappointed with the performance. The solar panels work, but the pump barely moves water. I am familiar with battery and electric powered pumps and have tried all the typical tricks with this one, but even in direct sunlight all I get is water trickling out of the top.
Some spray settings are lame....likely would not buy again.
The gasket feels like felt and the adhesive backing was a pain to peel off. After putting the gasket on, the door would not close properly so I removed it. Only the felt came off leaving adhesive stuck to smoker. Scraping did not work, I'm going to try some Goof Off or burn it off. I recommend this gasket only for large gaps. Amazon quickly refunded the amount.
was a little disappointed it wasn't more powerful
Not what i expected from the pic.. The strings were on the short side.. I wanted longer ones.. Store purchase worked out better for us...
Not happy with this Mosquito Zapper, it did not work as promised. This item is now sitting in my garage.
I bought this to protect my new knee while gardening. It's too dense for the purpose.
I don't think our house has particularly high water pressure, but the first time I put this on the hose, it started leaking strongly out the sides (the seams where the grey meets the black.) I have a different, older plastic hose head of the same basic style (rotate to choose a spray type) and it doesn't have that problem.
It didn't worked for us. We wanted to protect our garden from Rabbits.
The product was great while its lasted, so easy to store and to use. But I tried it twice, and both times the hose split just under the pressure of the water, nothing else.
Would be a nice gazebo if I had all the panels for the roof. The center of roof was missing and I have a tarp over the frame. It was incredibly difficult to assemble the roof panels that I got. I contracted to have it assembled and they couldn't get together either.
This is overpriced, cheap plastic — very flimsy. The product images are misleading.
This plant was very stressed-poor root system-presently coaxing back to health- mild success see new leaf shoots Trying to stay positive!
Not universal. Did not fit a Troy Belt 200 power-propelled mower. Too big.
Product was rec'd and had a dent in the back...luckily my assembler noticed it, just disappointing since he had put it together and I wasn't about to return it. It was cosmetic but I still expected better.
The peanuts seem to be somewhat stale. Soft, and just a little bit "off" tasting. The birds don't seem to be very interested in these peanuts, except for the Stellar's Jay's, which eat them just fine. Most birds toss these out of the birdfeeder onto the ground, where I sweep them up, and return them to the feeder.
Nicely built unit. BUT !! There are 3 fuses inside the unit to change them it voids your warranty. Customer Support IS no existent. By phone or web don't buy it for that reason.
Make sure to select gift when ordering this product. It was a gift but it was delivered in its original box with a picture of the product all over it. The person who I purchased it for was the one to get the delivery and now knows what his Christmas gift is.
This product was ruined after being rained on.
Arrived with multiple parts broken. Beyond that it appears to be very cheap plastic. It's going back.
Very small thin cells, but that aside they can't be moved once they are fully moistened. I've only use the 12 cells so far and they are falling apart just as the seeds are starting and I am afraid they will disintegrate when ready to transfer to pots and that won't be good. I had several packs from the Walmart garden center in Spring that did great, but they were out so I ordered these. What a disappointment and I'm generous at 2 stars.
We've had this thing on the pool deck (sheltered from the elements) for about a year now. The temperature readout is fairly accurate when compared with an old-fashioned mercury thermometer, but the humidity is wildly inaccurate. Not even close. However, it's not ugly and it's easy to see from the pool, so it's still on the wall. I wouldn't buy it again.
Very awkward to use. Eventually removed second arm and used the remaining rake portion to pick up leaves with another rake.
I was sent a used rusty carbon filter, I test burned an incense stick in my tent and guess what? The whole room smells of incense now. I'm willing to bet I received someone's returned item And the other hand fan seems to work good for now.
It was very difficult to put together. The directions were difficult to follow.
The item is not what I expected. It is not easy to manage or maneuver.
Not even close to the original product. Much lighter weight, loose fit and not solid at all.
Nice looking windsock but unfortunately 2/3 that I bought have ripped at the hanging point making them unusable.
Worked great at first but ultimately the cheap switch only intermittently fired, then not at all. Will try another brand next time.
It is sturdy But not as easy to use as it is suggested ---- Good for soft soil --I could not use it on established areas and how about dirt jams ---
I had an issue with small ants around the house. I put these baits out around, and after a week, I noticed that the ants coming to the bait were much bigger. I'm not sure if it killed off the small ants and brought out larger ones, or if it did some Captain America type thing one them and make them bigger and stronger.
Cannot get it to stop leaking at hose connection
Basket broke on 1st day from suction pressure. Poor design/materials used.
Smaller than expected but overall seems okay.
I have to order a lot of these, because they do not last very long, constantly getting holes in the material, and leaf debris blows through. Also, the zipper does not last for any length of time either. The zipper pull portion that holds tab in place moves and tab becomes free.....eventually it breaks, no pull.......and the zipper also does not fit together and is constantly separating.
Excellent quality to the cover, holds up well and is sturdy. However the frame is a total failure. First wind of only 10 to 15 mph and the frame was bent all out of shape. I replaced the frame with shaped 80 gauge pvc and now works beautifully.
The lights are beautiful, however, 4 are defective and I am returning the item for a replacement. My hope is that when I receive the replacement all will be operational.
Arrived hot cause Amazon said posted that it wasn't out for delivery that day so we went out for a few hours, surprise- it's status went from not arriving that day to delivered. Seller said it's okay that it was hot cause could handle some heat. Don't know if it worked. Haven't seen any signs it did or didn't. Don't think I'll get this next year.
I love the style of this fountain but ... The base/pedestal is so thin I can see daylight (voids in the base casting) through multiple areas of just the base and one of the ball design features around the column was broke/shattered on arrival but ... that is understandable seeing as how this one came out of the mold before the final coat/coats of fiberglass were applied. Hope it's a fluke in production because I want another one just like this one for another area of my property. Here's hoping.
Planted them none of them came up
The reason for the 3 stars is the color. The product seemed to be good quality I just didn't like the pastel colors. I wanted to use them for Christmas but they are more suited for Easter/ Spring decorating which I don't normally do. Will probably send them back even though I have to pay 5.99 for return shipping. I would still recommend them for folks who want pastel lights
I didn't get the cover for the grill. I asked for a replacement, they tried to charge me for it. I just told them just forget it. Haven't tried the grill out, I'll let you know what happened.
I bought this to trim the bushes I have in my backyard (there are 3 on either side of my porch, so 6 total). As I pulled it out of the box, one of the cushioning pieces fell off. While it was simple to just stick it back on, it falls off frequently. Not too big of a deal, but certainly annoying to have to constantly be aware of it and actively try not to lose it (it's tiny). The bigger issue is that the blades aren't nearly as sharp as they should be. Like I said, I only have 6 small bushes, so it's not like I'm trying to saw off tree limbs — this should easily handle a job like mine, but sometimes it takes a lot more effort than it should to cut through. I'd recommend these only for your smallest trimming work.
Box says max pump of 2 HP. I didn't see this in the description so I get to send it back.
They are much smaller than I anticipated. They seem like they may bend with some bigger hanging flower pots. I've used it to hold up a humming bird feeder instead
I have a 75 lbs lab and this bowl says it holds 2 cups. There is no way I could fit 2 cups of dry food in this bowl. It would be great for smaller dogs but I needed to return it and find something else to slow his eating.
I don't know what happened but the original string isn't any better than this generic string. This one breaks off and also sticks together so it won't auto feed.
The frame poles are fragile and the seams on the pockets the poles insert into are fragile. The first time I assembled it, a pocket ripped and was unusable. The shape makes it perfect size and even broken it's a highly useful tool.
I received my palm and it was infested with spider mites. I tried to get rid of them but this it was too late and I had to get rid of the plant. I hate to give a bad review because all the other plants I've purchased front costs farms have been wonderful. I'm wondering if there's a way the company could assist with this but there is no contact info on the page.
10 grams? 12,000 seeds? My scale shows a Net seed weight of 9.25 grams with a 1/2 gram allowance for the Exterior package plus label. No where near the published Ten (10) grams of seed. Should I dock the vendor a Star simply because they under-weighted, over calibrated? Holding back the 4th and 5th star pending germination event directly under a very thin layer of moist Coco coir in full sunshine. Ten (10) Amaranth seeds weigh less than 1/10th of an ounce. Will this batch count 12,000 as published? Stay tuned.
Received all 4 plants, 1 is doing badly, another one is not doing great, we unpacked them as soon as we got them, they haven't needed water yet, I'm hoping a little time will perk them up, but after 3 days the one is almost dead. Im hoping we can salvage 2, I bought then for my daughters birthday.
Awful quality! A piece of Junk! Much worse than I was expecting!
The cover is not fully waterproof as it seems whatever is in contact with the material when it rains will soak in some moisture (kind of like whatever touches the side of a tent when it rains will get damp). The cover is larger than I thought and has a lock of straps and tie downs to help secure it. Good material, not sure if it will last more than 2 years in the elements.
String gets consumed too quickly and has often broken right at outlet holes of trimmer head requiring removal and rewind. The square profile is just a gimmick to save material. I'm going to buy a solid cross section string next time.
Nice summer mat, very colorful but a bit thinner than what I expected for the money. I love that they have a matching flag but the wipe-ability is non-existent, (sand, grass, yard dirt) Zero absorbency due to the thinness and the edges have already started to curl, and it's under a covered porch.
These are nice, but cheaply made. It is a thin wooden dowel rod with a small flag stapled to it (2 staples). Will be fortunate if it lasts the season in the heat, wind, and storms. Glad it is made in the US, but it is cheap China quality. Works for what I need, but if you need something that will last, you might want to look elsewhere!!! God Bless the USA
Weeds continue to come back, kills the tops only in my experience, would not buy again
not sure it's accurate
Had to do some cutting and bending to get these to fit in my Stok grill. Once in they work fine.
Because of how the tubing is wrapped for shipping it has been very difficult to change it form flat to round so that it can drain as advertised.
Small strip and colors somewhat off what is on the container. Pads close together, can bleed into one another if you are not careful. I am getting used to them and hopefully my accuracy with them will improve over time.
Nothing yet maybe it's a pocket gopher
Its strong but the red in the shaft slides out when changing attachments, does not affect the integrity of the equipment but it's annoying
I loved it, but the sun and rain tore it up too soon.
It's a functional low cost carb. There were some dents, nicks and slight machine/casting flaws but it worked. I mainly got it to have a tunable carb to practice on. It came with a fuel line, clamps, and gaskets all wrapped in bubble wrap inside a box. The spare gaskets and fuel line make this kit have extra value.
The light itself was fantastic! The colors are bright and beautiful! The remote is a piece of crap! You literally have to be standing on top of the light for it to work. If you're looking for a beautiful pool light with multi color function this is a great product! If you're looking to use it for the remote control capabilities, I would pick another product!
The easiest way to spread it was to use a mesh strainer around the room. Be aware that it does create a fair amount of dust when shaken and will cause some irritation to your lungs and eyes. This worked well for ridding our house of fleas as it's 75% carpeted. For a cheap option it wasn't bad.
They serve their purpose, but are fairly cheap and flimsy. It shows 3 different colors on the picture, but I only received the tan color.
The carburetor fit fine, My Weedeater started right away but the throttle was rough and needed some fine-tuning. The engine runs sluggish will not rev up.
The color of the stand is okay. Not my favorite.
Nice looking but any water you leave in it turns coppery brown.
The flat fan nozzle opening is a little too big. Does not have the pressure I would like from it. The rest of the hardware is well made.
Maybe it is just me, none of my other potting soil has done this though and all of my other plants are fine, but this soil seems to accumulate mold on the top very frequently. It works the way it's suppsed to as far as expansion but the mold is alarming.
The only problem was for the money I thought there were a few in the package because of the picture. Should have read more.
These plants were disappointing, dried out and brown. I'm still working to rejuvenate them, but not having much luck.
Vender does not warranty. Tree died within days
They were very small when we got them but they're growing nicely
Writing is a bit small on the unit and color fades in the sun after a few months.
See through material and it's not double sided. Have not even put it out yet
Poor quality of the product
It is lightweight and easy to maneuver but does not have the power needed for medium to larger jobs
You cannot tell from the pictures or description that these hang bu ropes not chains. Very difficult to get the ropes leveled. Had to order separate chains.
On one unit the brass casting leaked as soon as the water was turned on. With that record, no sense even trying the second unit, Update: revised to 3 star based on vender response - furnished full credit without need to return & then I installed the 2nd valve, which operates without any sign of leakage
MISSING PARTS/BOXES WERE OPEN PRIOR TO SHIPMENT
Eh. It doesn't hold as much as I would like. It's really heavy and bangs against my legs and gives me bruises when I try to open and close it. When it's closed, it doesn't roll.
this HUGE box was left blocking my entry door, was partially unsealed and is missing almost half of one side.
Not as strong / loud or responsive as I thought it would be. Did not phase the rabbit or chipmunks.
I've now bought two boxes of these lights but unfortunately only one string has worked in each box. The working ones are fantastic but very disappointed that the other set is not functioning!
metal slats I'm sure will last longer than canvas, which was on my last swing and was fine, just the vinyl of cushions and canopy had become sun-damaged, BUT when I sit on it I feel them. Cushions are not as dense (same height) seat back is more upright--I want relaxation on my swing. My old cushions actually reversed, these do not. The fabric is higher quality, will probably last longer, canopy almost fits (never did on the old one, and replacement was worse), side tables are a nice feature. I wish I had never bought it, especially since it was so expensive. I paid a handyman $100 to put it together to discover this--would have to pay another $$ to take it apart, cannot return it, stuck with something I don't like.
Three of the bulbs are just fine. However, the opening of one of the bulbs is so small that it is very difficult to fill with even a trickle of water.
Ringer Lawn Restore was a better product with better lawn outcome on my lawn than this 4 step Scott's product!
Have to find some reason to put it out of the way
They worked very well initially; however, after only one season one of the sprinklers cracked down the middle. If it would have lasted longer, it would be a 5 star review.
We use the same jack from another manufacture on our service trucks. My personal jack at home died after 40 plus years. I went with this based on the price ($25 less than the other brand) and the pictures I thought it was the same as the other brand with a solid bar between the front wheels. All the bar is is a piece of rolled sheet metal between the frame rails of the jack. No big deal if you only use it on a hard surface. That bar helps keep the jack from sinking on gravel or any non-paved surface. If I had known this I would have bought the 2.5 ton jack and saved some money.
Arrived with no instructions so looked up online including the listing's embedded link. Problem is that unit sent was a different version than the ones pictured with completely different parts. If you take time to think it out and only finger tighten until you've got it all together,it is a good unit. Missed out on a couple plastic endcaps because I thought they were "packaging" like similar pieces but were needed to keep a tight fit on handle sub-assembly. for those who are handy and have plenty of time!
it was rather small, but nice.
Product was working just fine... very easy to install..... used for 7 weeks and the flow sensor seems to have broken off into my system. I am trying to get ahold of the seller because this seems like a manufacturer defect.... someone please reach out to me to resolve
does not have a water control, so there is only one setting for the water.
Not works. It is easy to use and non toxic indeed, yet this formula will not kill any roaches or any insects. It only provides a strong scent that insects hate and not pass by; however, the scent will dilute not working in the following day.
Easy to assemble, and the log holder is great. The shovel, however, fell apart the first month of use. If you still have your old fireplace shovel, or maybe a kid's toy shovel lying around in the sandbox, this will do. But other reviewers report the same problem. They just did a lousy job of spot welding the handle to the scoop.
For less than $10 I didn't expect much and that's what I got, LOL. Does it intermittently spray water when it's sunny out? Yes. Is it consistent or could I figure out which sprayer head did what from the directions? No. I had a hard time getting the different pieces to fit together and then to stay in place. Once I got that figured out after much fiddling and water shooting out the top because the sprayer head kept popping off, I still don't know which spray top fitting is the best one for a consistent gentle spray. The directions are pretty much pictures without explanation. It's more of a novelty item than a real long-term solar fountain. I'll look for a better one, as I like the idea.
Hard to figure out how to set it and also find led that lets you know it is on. The instructions do not make it clear. Also the delivery person drove over the lawn between my house and my neighbor who also had a delivery from amazon and the truck number was 168. I was not pleased at all!!
Mine didn't have the orange heart ornament.
Some too thin, broke when poked in ground.
I'm a bit disappointed. Several of the lights don't come on and the spare bulbs, one worked.
They do not come very sharp. I should've sharpened them before installing, but didn't trust my gut. Now I need to remove them and sharpen before mowing again. They left a lot of grass uncut. My 3 year old factory blades that have been through hell and back did a better job than these.
Cheap! Plastic and kind of flimsy. I am hoping it will actually work as advertised. I am begining to doubt Amazon's Choices!
Quality is very OK. Delivery was on a constant delay
Lightweight and easy to use. Chain comes off easily which is annoying. But works well for small branches.
While I live how easy this was to set up and my umbrella fits perfectly, it is not rust proof. Already showing signs of rust.
The lavender arrived in fairly good condition. It smelled beautiful. I reported it in a larger well drained sandy soil. I gave it full sunshine and very little water because the info said Lavender does prefer very little water. This particular variety of lavender is supposed to do well in south Florida. Well it's only June and mine is stone dead after only two weeks. If you live in Florida, this may not be the option for you. Also this does not qualify for the Amazon 30 Day return policy.
My husband and I really like this chair. Easy to set up and fold back down. Comfortable for both of us. I am 5'1 and he is 6'1. The chair is not your typical rocking chair meaning it doesn't have a full range of motion when rocking but I understood that when purchasing it. The chair looks nice and seems quality/durable. My only complaint and this is not related to the chair itself but has to do with UPS. Amazon uses UPS to deliver this item and I unfortunately only got 1 of the two chairs that I ordered. So now I have to wait for an investigation to be done as to where my other chair is before Amazon will replace the lost one. To me, it's bullshit given the amount of money paid for this item and my lengthy order history/money spent/ prime membership longevity. Also if you call UPS, they are of zero assistance and hardly speak English so you get no where with that either. Needless to say, I'm not happy. We live in FL so our nice/sitting outdoor weather is coming and I would have liked to have had this item and not be going back in forth in phone calls between Amazon and UPS. Amazon, you failed on this one.
Delivered with some dents. roof panel does not block 100% of sun so on bright sunny day, gets hot under. putting on the roof panels were very hard. overall it's OK..
I received this plant bare root with NO, not even one leave, but plump, healthy looking and arriving on time. I have poured my heart sweat and tears into this plant but nothing until the weather warmed up transplanting in a different pot with more rock in the soil and putting it outside where it gets evening sun. Now after 5 months a new leave started to emerge last week and today a couple more. Hooray!!!! Why is it shipped bare root?
When plant arrived, several petals were broken off. Color pictured is not what I received. While there is a little pink, it is mostly green.
Trash! Complete rubbish. Awkward, poorly designed.
Not what I was expecting.
After receiving the light, the instructions indicate the light can be no closer than 3 1/2 feet above the plants. I returned the light as not enough distance in a 5 ft plus grow tent. I am unable to review the performance. I see why some use two or more lights of lesser power.
Leaks a bit at the hose connection.
Black finish comes off in my palm & fingers
Only lasted one season. As soon as it got cold out it cracked. Better take it in before it gets too cold out.
For $200 it looks like cheap metal. Does what it needs to but we still have someone push on the other end so we don't break the axle. It's almost just being used as a handle to pull. Other than that, I'm pleased.
Has significant thorns and slow grower.
Super stiff and heavy. Not what I had hoped for.
I ordered this for my husband for Christmas. The box arrived open at one end so I had no idea if something was missing. Thankfully it was all there. Item kind of cheap looking for the money. I hope it works!
Ignitor doesn't work. Otherwise exactly what you'd expect
This light worked great for 2 months. I always use both light settings on at the same time. After near 6 months of use the bloom lights have dimmed dramatically. They used to put out a very noticeable amount of light. Now you can barely tell it's on. Luckily the growth lights still work fine, so I can still grow, but I'm missing some important spectrums. I'll be buying another brand soon.
I have ants used all three and haven't caught anything yet.
The wiring is flimsy
Just opened this up. Seems a little small and material thin, not confidant that it will last very long. Doesn't fit my Honda mower very well, seems small.
These are huge!! Much bigger than I expected.. hard to find air plants big enough to work for these
The wires were so tangled it took me forever to get these ready to decorate. Next the candy canes are so close together that it is hard to get creative with them. It's like you have to use them for a pathway and nothing else. I also feel that they are expensive for what you get.
I was really hoping this would work as well as the bristle version of this cleaner but it doesn't. I have a Napoleon grill with comparatively large 3/8" diameter grill bars and this brush does not conform to it at all. The wire swirls don't seem to bend at all like a bristle does. It gets the loose stuff off but it doesn't return the grill to a shiny Stainless Steel finish.
It was very easy to assemble, worked great until less than a year from purchase the cover started getting holes everywhere and also the string that use to hold the front part broke off. They need to improve the material that covers the shelf.
not bright enough to do outside tree
Ordered this for the wife, as she likes purple, but thought it had the rose on it. It works for her though. She would have liked it better if it had some type of design on it though.
I just got this last week and it has not rained yet so I don't know if it'll keep the rain out yet, but I was surprised when I received this how flimsy it is. I had gotten two other covers recently for my outdoor table, which is super heavy weight fabric and keeps the elements off of my table and chairs. The other has lasted three years covering my lounge chair, and keeps the rain off. BUT, this new one I just got is thin like the cheapest rain poncho you can buy. I feel like if we get any strong winds it's going to rip to shreds. It rolls up into a pkg about the size of a soda bottle. I understand the price was about half of what I paid for the heavy duty one but I feel like a trash bag could've done as good as this one will do. Not worth the money.
I like the frogs but this year I have changed to the chlorine disc in the container in the pool. It works better for my pool and is much cheaper. However, the frog is very convenient
The plastic containers will not hold water. It leaked right away. Recommend sand and lots of patience. I had to bolt down the base to secure the recommended umbrella by same company because in winds more than 5 mph it blew over. It's on the end of a dock on a river that is 2 miles wide. If you don't need to move the umbrella (don't mind bolting to deck) and have a windy area then this is a good product for the price.
For the low rating is because of poor directions and instructions.... also the pin doesn't line up properly when your not wanting to penetrate the lawn.
I ordered the large size. I don't see how it can be large enough to trap a squirrel, much less a raccoon or possum. The large size is really too small in my opinion. Otherwise, it is OK.
The bag has to be secured to the reel mower using zip ties or every bump will dislodge the base from the metal rod it snaps over. Taking it off and dumping the collected clippings requires cutting the ties or scooping them out by hand. Not the greatest design.
This works as well as my previous electronic flyswatter, and I think the mesh will be sturdier than the (previous) parallel wires if it gets dropped. The reason I gave it three stars is that there's no way to hang it. With no loop, or eye hook to attach a string, it's on the floor, leaning against the wall, in easy reach of children and pets. It has to be in the kitchen, where flies are the biggest problem, but I don't keep flyswatters on shelves; they're not sanitary enough to mix with other items. Flyswatters need to hang, and this one can't be.
Used with a lot of varieties of seeds and have had mixed results. Not sure if it makes much of a difference or if some of the seeds just didn't germinate.
the metal hose came apart where it is attached to the part that screw to the faucet! I noticed some leaking and finally it was so disconnected it leaked everywhere.
I thought it was a little small and it was put together with string so probably won't last long.
One fell apart and have no one to call about what the warranty is
After a difficult assembly, we noticed the damage to the top of storage box that we assume was due to poor packaging. Too late now!!
This product is great at attracting flies but the top piece to hang it from is a piece of crap. I ordered 3 of these and all three broke within hours of hanging them. I had to find a place to set it so it will attract the flies but not our dog!
Works great but no air adjustment screw for fine tuning
It is very pretty and has a decent weight, however, there are bubbles in the glass near the flowers. Other than that it is beautiful.
First time trying this I used a store bought marinade. The spices in the marinade clogged the whole thing. We spent an hour trying to unclog it. Lesson learned now we only use all liquid with super fine spices and it works well
Beware flooring not that great.
HAVEN'T USED THE PRODUCT YET. CON NOT GIVE A REVIEW AS TO HOW GOOD THE PRODUCT IS. WILL BE GLAD TO DO SO AFTER I USE THE PRODUCT.
Havent seen a single change or reduction in flying critter issue. That was ony reason I purchased these.
Ok for my wild critters but the bag appeared to be dirty inside and out. I would not buy again. I can get better product locally
There was no cap in the spray bottle and it leaked in the packing envelope. I had also ordered a book that was in the package too and it got spray on it too
Since I installed the head, I have noticed a slight vibration. Although it still does the job will
They're great lights! Bright white color - exactly like the photos. HOWEVER - I'm having a very hard time untangling them.
The sprayer was disappointing and does not work well.
This chair is well made. The cushions are substantial. You better be strong than get it t decline though. I am hoping it loosens after some use.
I like it but wish it could dig deeper. Built well.
I was using it only at winter time in middle of NY State. On 4th winter it got torn.
Didn't really seem to be incredibly effective. Stay a bunch on the grill.. send to do same as using any random cleaning spray on the surface. As far as cleaning the grates, I ended up using warm water and soap with way better results.
It works, but it's a fraction smaller than the one suet cage I have -- just small enough to make it difficult to squeeze the suet in without getting crumbs all over the counter.
Took 3 days to charge my 12v marine battery for my camper
I got these to hold down material as a weed barrier. Alot of them bent when I was driving them in. I chalked it up to hard ground, but I noticed the staples that were not covered rusted quickly. Has not broke yet though.
I'm not crazy about the wood portion. Looks tacky. The chimes are very loud! Which for me is not pleasant. I'll put it well away from the garden so it can be in the distance.
They are are quite small. Sign not permanently attached/ glued to stakes. Stakes sturdy/ do not bend. I shall see how they hold up
Product is fine. However shipping in an envelope was very stupid--one arrived cracked at the head such that the poison only comes out the side of the head.
Overall I loved the picnic basket. The picture, however is deceiving. I didn't realize the plates would be snack size. And I thought the wind glasses would be glass not plastic. But the basket is lovely and the napkins and blanket are representative of a rustic picnic. No major complaints, just minor disappointment of my expectations.
Had a 7" mark through the middle like it had a curling iron lightly touch it.
Didn't change anything for me!
It works, and I wouldn't expect high performance at this price point, but I'm not impressed. I got it to use as a small fountain, but the water doesn't even push hard enough to rise more than an inch or two, despite trying different hoses and attachments. Now it just sits; I won't be using it. Will spend more next time and get a better pump.
It said 5 ft tall, but is like 3ft
One of the handles has broken off, but still able to use.
The light structure and light coverage are solid. We spent about an hour, couldn't figure out how to stop the flash. I love to have only green and red lights without flash. But, it always flashes?
99% coco coir and 1% WTF. If I knew what all the bits were... plastic, cigar packaging?, other stuff that isn't compostable material and has no business being in a growing medium. Very stringy, but that's the fibers
Not as sturdy as I would have liked and a little difficult to clean because of all the holes.
Metal anchoring pins - as advertised. How excited can you get about anchoring pins?
I know these are on the cheaper side, but I was disappointed they came fresh out of the box with a cracked bulb. I replaced it with one of the spares, and it works fine- I just hope they last since I use them year round!
This is adorable but it is VERY SMALL!! Compared to my peacock garden stake (also in photo), you can really barely see it. We'll see how it looks at night and if you can see it at all.
Verdict is still out
Had to use blow dryer to heat up to fit over outlet. I could have been 10' longer. material seems thick enough but will have to wait another summer to see how well it holds up.
I love the pattern but the material on the rugs are pretty thin and get dirty pretty quick, I am scared to wash them for fear the pattern will fade or completely come off. They are really cute to look at though.
im Very pleased with the service by Amazon. I anticipated a more melodic tone. The chimes are attractive.
One of my tombstones came broken... the other snapped as we were putting it in the ground. Pretty much a waste of money.
Havnt caught a mouse yet
I received my order which included 7 bulbs. However one bulb doesn't work so I had to put in a non LED bulb that doesn't look good! The bulb that doesn't work appeared to be used - thus my frustration!
It works pretty well but the safety is a bit of a pain. Also, unless I'm missing something, you have to open the trimmer head to feed out new line. No bumping on the ground while spinning like a normal trimmer.
This is definitely a bag of flower seeds as advertised. None of them germinated in my case though. Not one. Could have been the conditions; could have been the seeds. Can't know for sure. Good luck on your gamble. That's the way it goes with seeds.
Pool vac scrubbers arrived and were in mailing envelope loose, not in Polaris packaging. The color and texture is not like the factory ones I have from Polaris. I will use these and hope they work well and last as long, however I have doubts that these scrubbers are factory Polaris scrubbers.
It is what it is. Just a basic plastic mold watering can. Does the job.
I found this product to be quite flimsy. Lid dented removing packaging. It only held 30# of black oil sunflower seeds. Handle bent locking cover.
The Good: Easy to measure bottle design. Low odor, and what there is, is not offensive. Works very well (but only for a couple of days) Is not toxic to my dog. Doesn't harm the bees that visit my yard. The Bad Rather expensive Effective for only a couple of days My main focus was to find a killer/repellent that is not toxic to my pets or beneficial insects. This fits that; however, since it is so expensive and doesn't last that long I'm not sure if I'll be a repeat buyer.
No directions at all
I couldn't get it to work with my setup but at least it was an easy return. I would not buy this for a pond, which was my use. The cord is really short but more importantly, it is not grounded. It seems like an electrocution risk.
Shorter than I expected. After putting them in the ground they barely clear the fence.
The plastic part is excellent , the pipe handles are thin material I'm going to put a sleeve so the bolts with tighten better. Over all better than the factory latter.
It has a terrible squeek.
This does not fit when the 2 side extensions are up. So what is the point of making this to fit only the actual grill?
This veil looked comfortable and simple online and it is. I haven't used it this season but I'm looking forward to it. My only reservation is that the elastic straps that loop under your arm came undone in delivery and I needed to sew them back together.
Shipping plants by mail...I knew better. Let that be a lesson...you're better off going to your local nursery. Plants were thrashed, and looked like the boxes were turned upside down a few times during shipment as there was dirt everywhere including inside the new growth sites plugging up air intake. Ferns look like they may not make it as well as one of the others. Regretful purchase unfortunately.
Great sized hammock with durable fabric, but the string attachments connecting the hammock to the base unraveled and broke within 10 days. This product would be awesome if the attachments weren't weak string.
Pressure was low. Good for washing the car but there very little power in this power washer.
The handle rolls which I find very annoying. It's not a matter of tightening anything; it's just the way it's built. I would like it much better if the handle didn't rotate as it would make it easier to use.
We thought that this would work with a Suncast shed but it is not intended for that. We are trying to determine the way to go about using in our shed.
This is a nice cover at a good price that fits the generator well. But it does not hold up under towing conditions or in sunlight. I am on my 2nd one and it's good for about a years use for me. Which is outside storage in AZ and the front of my Toy Hauler. It cracks and shreds easily. I reinforced the 2nd one with duct tape and spray glue to extend the life. I'm about due for another. Wish I could find something that would last longer.
Tripod works well. Sprinkler head is garbage. I switched it out with a better head and now it works great.
They are smaller than expected
costs to much for what you get
It works but wears off in a couple of minutes; not any better than OFF! or other such brands.
It's on my aquaponic system. Still going, just weak. But it didn't cost too much
This is my first weather station. Perhaps I'm expecting too much from these systems. I live in upstate New York where it snows. I purchased this system to be able to see more than just outdoor temperature and humidity. When it snows (which is pretty much all winter) the anemometer and wind vane get covered in snow and can't turn. Therefore, I am not able to see wind speed or direction in the winter. Also, the solar panel is covered in snow many inches deep. So, I guess the only additional parameter I can see that is not available from the cheap temp/humidity sensors is barometric pressure. I'm hoping for better functionality in the summer. Although a manual is included, it does not give enough information about the display. For example, the wind gust indicator (yes, I was able to see wind speed for a few days before it snowed) does not indicate the time window. Is that the biggest gust in the past hour? day? since midnight? The book does not explain. There is an up/down arrow next to the barometric pressure, which I am assuming indicates if the pressure is rising or falling--a reasonable assumption, but the book does not explain. There is in addition a number next to it which, again I'm assuming means the change in pressure over some period of time. What period? There is just not enough explanation. The engineer or technical writer who put the manual together did not put themselves in the mindset of a customer who does not know what they know. I'm an engineer and write manuals to explain my products. I will occasionally get a customer ask a question, and I will direct them to the answer in the manual. I understand that most people do not want to read manuals these days, but some do, and the information should be there. The lack of explanation in the manual is not the reason for lack of 5 stars. I had hoped this weather station would function in snowy weather. Do not mount this where you cannot get to it to clear the snow regularly. I am contemplating rigging up a remote air gun to blast the snow off the unit.
They don't glow that much!!
Ph tester is useless.
I was able to use the harness however it is not ambidextrous! I had to modify the harness with additional carabiners so I could switch hands while using the extension pole. This is necessary for positioning and resting arms during long service . In addition the adjustable closure of the waste latch does not hold very well, consequently re-positioning and securing was a regular necessity.
the name plates are very thin compared to others that I have bought. I will not buy again.
the lights are placed on my driveway. they lit up when dark but only last no more than 1.5 to 2 hours. I did move them all to be in direct sunlight, placed them on hooks and still the duration is short.
Have bought these before. Unfortunately these came broken and had to send back 😞
goos but on the picture look better
It only lasted 2 months. I kept the water level up, kept the water and pump clean, and it just totally died.
It seems about two links two long for the 10" bar. I had to set the tightening screw to the furthest setting, so once it stretches out some (which it will do quickly) it won't be able to stay tight. This is on a Remington Pole Saw. Quick ship. Got it on time.
When I lived in Texas, the birds there like it. Maybe because there was not as much food as here in Colorado, with Texas being a desert. The birds here have barely touched the suet.
Item works well, but disappointed the hose cracked after two weeks. Thus it now has a hole in it, where the material escapes and reduces suction.
not the quality I was expecting
Have not installed yet
This oil seems very thin and doesn't have much tackiness to it. Almost like a 30 weight motor oil. I'm sure it would be a lot better than nothing but I feel like it's not going to provide the protection of a better oil.
Nice hose but was just thrown into the box and not the length I ordered. Thought it was made of better material than my old one that shredded after one season of being pulled around the yard. Return was easy and I am very happy with the flex steel hose I replaced it with.
The thermometer works fine the screen on the front gets a little fuzzy due to the sun faded and worn out the string breaks within a couple of months immediately change it It is made of some very cheap material and it's not very thick and the sun deteriorates it with the pool and the chemicals the salt whatever you put in it will break that string down If they made a umbrella for the very top with her sun couldn't deteriorate the plastic on top it would be a very good item
Worth the $10, but I am continually adjusting the pad location They work better for my wife.
It only kind of works, still see cats in my yard occasionally. I wanted a humane way to discourage the ferals from using my yard as a litter box/mating location. They may have even tampered with it because after a couple days I found it knocked over and the plastic was cracked. It annoys them but I think they are not annoyed by it enough. I think getting a dog might be more effective, but too bad it's not an option at this time.
Plastic is not very durable
Vary in size and quality too often went with other Distributor
Were doing great then they all died
Great packaging, product was shipped quickly and they all appear in good health, seriously doubt there was more than 500 in the package. With the right care I should have a 1000 in a couple weeks though..
This works okay as a plucker, but your face and arms are plastered with feathers and you can't see for very long. I was a little disappointed. I saw YouTubes with people putting them in a big drum to control the feathers going everywhere, but I never tried it. Very mess.
not the most sturdy of materials. I bought a full size kong cover for only a few bucks more and its a far sturdier product. feels like polyester and thats about it. not sure if I would trust it for rain. will work perfect for keeping dust off it & traveling.
There was supposed to be 6 units, but I only received 4 units.
Gave this as a Christmas present. None of the hardware was in the box. Instead of the hassle of returning the product, my son-in-law went to hardware store and found pieces to fit it. Other than that, it has been good.
Ive been through several hand pruners. This has been the most expensive. So far with average use it appears to be of average design and construction.
The chain saw attachment came with some oil to pour into the unit, which was nice. However, after filling it and putting it on the shelf all the oil leaked out in about two weeks. I came back to find oil all over the shelving. Also, the guard on the weed trimming attachment falls off at the slightest provocation. So I just use it without the guard which is OK for my purposes. Other than that it seems to work fine.
Bought used from amazon. Arrived missing parts, full of old grass and leaves. It was suppose to be used like new. Never used, returned right after opening box.
The birds like it - usually only one at a time. It's fussy and hard to keep level. The red gaskets holding the fluid in the tube age quickly. Would not buy again.
Didn't read that it had no connections
Never received... but did got a refund after waiting, and waiting, and waiting for the item, then contacted the seller for a trace on the package. So glad they refunded. Would like to have the seeds, these beans are really good, but, hard to find!
About 40% seeded and are now outside growing. Not sure how the crop turns out yet.
only lasted 2 mowing seasons
The color on this is very nice, even though it's a light pot. The decor is really nice, pretty decent pot.
I like it but it is pretty small for the price.
Still on the fence about it's effectiveness
May just use this for the bottle opener. Paper towel, oil and spatula are all I need.
A little expensive for the price but I like it
much lower than my previous coffee table so I used it between my chaise lounges
Needs an additional handle - one that is not parallel with the spout. Also, the gas did not automatically stop flowing like it did in a video I watched. Maybe that feature is on older versions?
Two problems I already see with this product, having used them for less than a week: 1) Considering the solar panel area and the number of LEDs, it really isn't any brighter than the smaller fixtures. 2) Although the housing seems sturdy, there is a weak spot to the design: The hanging loop at the top of the lantern. I'd recommend buying a tube of super glue to go with these lanterns to reattach the hanging loop at the top. About half of them break off and drop the lantern to the ground with help from nothing other than gravity.
The doormat was too small. I am using it for a different door than planned.
Cute but it isn't very sturdy and in the middle mine had a little piece of wood chipped off. Good thing I could set a pot on top of it
Not sure if it works. I never see any bodies in the thing.
No support for the bottom, so everything is sitting on the garage floor.
I enjoy using cast iron for a lot of my cooking and grilling. I have quite a few pieces from old companies such as Griswold to new stuff from Lodge. So I wanted a baking pan in cast iron as well. But Lodge doesn't make one and from my searching very few do. So I pulled the trigger on this. First impressions were " hmm,. not bad"-- BUT-- This item is NOT the quality of a Lodge or Griswold- casting is rough, unfinished, extremely dirty and totally unacceptable to use out of the box. The "seasoned" baking pan I received had so much questionable black gunk on it, I took some coarse emery paper to the whole inside of the pan. I spent a good hour hand sanding down to bare metal and was shocked at how much black unknown material came off ( about a 3rd of a cup). After seasoning it was safe to use. If you do purchase this be prepared- old clothes and rubber gloves. You will end up with this all over you when sanding- better yet I should have taken this over to my buddies house and just sandblasted it clean. It is NOT ready to use out of the box. In hindsight is it worth it ? Depends on how much work you want to put into it - plus the original cost. Only you can decide. I would have given it more stars if it was ready to use and finished better.
the tube is very week and too soft. When you connect to the fittings to the tube, many on them popped off when the water was turned on. The pegs that you put into the soil to hold the tube and sprinkler attachment is cheaply made and the tube on many occasions falls off the holding peg when the pressure is turned on.
It is very foggy and misty and I don't like to breath in toxic spray - So after I first sprayed it I decided I would not use it again.
This blower may be fine for an elf. It seems built well. It has decent air flow. But I should have payed more attention to the dimensions and pictures. This thing looks like a toy for my two year old (they're never too young to put to work). I'll be returning this and trying out the double battery model... maybe I'll get a full size blower with it.
Did you ever have the feeling that you were ordering a product from a really strong company brand and feel like you're just paying for the brand? And the quality is sub par? If you buy this product you will feel this way. The Weber cover fits perfectly. However it is very light, very thin, and if I snag it just a little bit I'm likely the tear of this thing to pieces. Save your money, and pay half as much for a competing non-name brand.
Very pretty but didn't last long. A couple of butterflies broke from the cord twisting in the wind.
Didn't work as well as I had hoped
The drill holes were not all aligned so half of them requires a lot of torque to bolt on the screws and one didn't even go in half way. There we're also scratches on the table top when we received it. It's really 3.5 stars but I'm rounding down because it's not as sturdy as it should be. Aesthetically though, it looks great on our balcony.
Flag stripes started to tear and rip after 3 mos.outside, had to replace the flag. Got another flag just like it, so we will see how long this one lasts.
Was a little smaller than expected
Paid good money for a product that had to be put together slat by slat. Benches should have at least been partially put together.
Are use these lights for my outdoor patio. From the pictures online the globes look like they were frosted, but they aren't paid they are very bright. A lot brighter than I was wanting.
Doesn't cut straw grass. Trims low grass fine but won't cut taller pieces or weeds.
Smaller than I usually get from othe sellers.
It's chain is weaker than I expected
They seemed affordable. However they DO NOT fit 4x4 PVC as stated. Today I finally had time to modify them. They seemed bright in beginning, not the best I've seen. Wanted to return but I got rid of packaging before testing them out. I have 8 of them in white.
Smaller then expected
I received email with manual attached Response was quick.
Doesn't work on cats and may not be working for raccoons. They seem to just walk right by it.
Too many pieces and a part was missing so had to wait a while for them to send it.
I thought the color would be white not grey.
During assembly found a key hole in unit poorly machined. Had to add 3 washers of my own to get screw to tighten down. See photo. For a product this costly should have been tested at factory.
The product works fine for moisture and PH, although measuring light at the base of a tall plant feels inaccurate since the meter is covered by foliage. The bigger issue was that the package had a hole in it when it arrived and when I opened the outer wrapping, the item was also completely unsealed and loose in the package. I was planning to give this as a gift to my plant-loving roommate but now that's not possible. It looks like this was tampered with during shipping.
Less than 2 months and is falling apart. Would not purchase again.
Needed to wet and reshape. Did not spring into shape out of the box. Thin and a little green.
Needs a good amount of water pressure to fully function otherwise it gets "stuck" in one spot
I didn't pay attention to the measurements when I ordered, so it was smaller than I expected.
I have worn it a few times and it is just OK.
This replacement carb, with the exception of no mixture needle valve, is an exact duplicate replacement. However, even without mixture adjustment the motor runs as it should.
This arched gate isn't as heavy as I thought. It MUST be completely level because it is difficult to line up the gate doors to close properly. It is attractive but not suitable for frequent use or enclosing area for children or pets.
I'm not sure how well this product works to the fullest extent yet, but the directions said to mix the crystals thoroughly in the soil and I would do it lightly, the crystals expand and it looked like my pot had exploded. next time I will go lightly on it. because bigger isn't better.
I have had a few issues getting this to work. And I'm pretty sure the power cord doesn't work. It's working now and I like the barometric pressure reading, but I'm not sure if it's accurate.
Lite about five fires and still pretty smoky
Like that it gets most of lawn but compared to previous sprinkler it doesn't have good water pressure.
Comes dull bends easily
Would have been a great 5 star hose, as quality seems good. However, two of the three hoses I purchased in 2018, started leaking 3 months after a year warranty has expired. Ordered a replacement, will report on how long these last.
Small for a 10 frame. Should work.
Flimsy. Some wings broke but since they are small and in garden, you don't really see broken wings from afar. Kinda bummed some didn't last a week
The hot tub works great,... money well spent, but don't believe them when they tell you 2 day shipping, they guaranteed us 2 day shipping and we got it 7 days later via fedex
The unit did not fit my engine although the number was listed. It looked identical and I installed it and reassembled the engine which would not run. After disassembly I discovered that the coil was ever so slightly different and it would not allow the unit to be spaced properly thus rendering it useless to me. For someone else's engine maybe it would fit and be a good deal but not for me.
The table and chair set is really awesome, but when I received the package there was a leg missing. I talked to the manufacturer, and they stated that they were not able to just order one leg, so they reimbursed me for the table. But I'm very disappointed that I do not have a matching set now.
Great looking swing, comfortable, and perfect for pics of that little angel. Unfortunately, hanging on ceiling isn't easiest endeavor.
they serve there purpose but iv'e had problems with there durability. don't get too close withe weed-wacker even the nylon string variety seem to puncture them. go figure!! if it only worked that(weed-wacker) good on the weeds it would be great.
This appears to be a good, sturdy product. However, it was strewn all over the delivery box. The original box for the product was too small to hold all the items. I almost threw the bolts away as they were tangled in the brown paper packing material. As this is a gift I am now going to need to find another box to put it in in order to wrap it. Frustrating!
Cannot use this indoors? Read the reviews which most people said that they did but Im not taking any chances.
I think this would be best suited for the purpose of mice and rats as opposed to squirrels or other larget animals. It works well and has gotten a few field mice for me but I don't think it will work for squirrels.
I have found that the best way to get rid of mice is to set poison bait stations OUTSIDE the house, killing them before they ever get the chance to come in. I've used various home made contraptions over the years to make the poison blocks available to mice but not to other critters, while keeping the poison protected from rain etc. Figured I'd give the Tomcat Rodent Station a try, since that is pretty much what it's made for. It's a decent sized plastic box - the overall dimensions are about right for outdoor use. It's big enough that it won't blow away in the wind or get lost under snow. And it holds 4 bait blocks, which is plenty. So it gets the job done. I have several nits to pick though: 1) It is nigh on IMPOSSIBLE to open. The supplied key is completely useless. You'll need 2 large flathead screwdrivers or something similar - one to pry it open with and the other to hold it open as you pry a little more. It is unnecessarily difficult to say the least! I get that the point is to keep kids and pets from gaining access to poison, but c'mon... Can't they come up with a better design that that? 2) Bait blocks not included. Which makes this a little bit expensive, considering it is really just a plastic box. 3) It includes 4 metal rods, which can hold the bait blocks in a vertical position and keep them from falling out if the box gets jostled. That's great, but my bait blocks (despite being Tomcat brand) are not drilled with holes to receive the rods. The picture on the box indicates that Tomcat does make drilled bait blocks, but I don't know where to buy them. So for me, the rods are pretty much useless.
Not all were alive. I'll look for another vendor for my next order
Tedious to assemble, instructions not clear and only pictures in black and white - but with patience can be understood. Critical to caulk all panels in and out with silicone- we did the roof and ran out of time to do the side panels due to darkness - that night a windstorm - blew out half of the side panels and 5 vertical struts but remained standing. The roof panels that were silicone caulked all stayed in place - BUT - you can not put the side panels back without taking the roof off - so the whole structure was lost - the roof panels could not be reused with silicone on them. I suggest caulking with silicone as is built - SIDE PANELS FIRST.
I did get a few pots of arugula growing, but somehow I thought 1000 seeds would result in more plants!
brass fittings very thin
bamboo is very light
It traps Moths but does not do much for the mosquitos or gnats around my deck.
I thought this was a daisy chain LED light, but apparently not....curious as to why the instructions say it is? I was under the impression it was when buying....
Size is a little too small for someone 6'
I called the tech folks and asked what size chain was on my 14 inch saw so I could pick one up the next time I was in town. The tech fella say it's a 14 inch chain, any 14 inch chain will work, I asked how many drive sprockets were on the chain and he was quite helpful, he said any 14 inch chain would work again. I felt like asking again but it was obvious we would just go in another circle. It looks like if I need help I will just have to buy another brand of chain saw and use their tech support..
Bought this to put it around the tree during Christmas. It works as described but the light intensity is low and get overpowered by other regular christmas light.
These are very nice looking. They aren't super bright which I was expecting but 3 of them broke when I tried to push them into the ground. They're pretty cheaply made.
Ordered new burners and grates for my Weber Q BBQ. Grates were fine, but the center burner arrived dented. I straightened it out as best I could and used it anyway as I needed to use the BBQ.
Looked great coming out of the box, and it works pretty well on its first use. But in between was a problem. After getting the oil in successfully, I started fueling it up and it seemed there was a lot of gasoline leaking out. So I looked at it and whoever put it together never connected the fuel tank tube to the motor and it was pouring out the tube. Fortunately I'm handy enough to fix this, but it leaves me wondering what else "Quality Control" missed. Aside from this major point it seems fine.
We have had this pool up for a week now after very vigorous ground leveling prep. Today we noticed bubbles in 3 areas and sure enough we got out to inspect the outside and water was coming out in these areas. I'm extremely irritated because this pool is perfect for my therapy (minus the horrible ladder...i bought a new one). My husband is going to try patching the leaks but I'm really unhappy.
The color is accurate, however, I was under the impression that they where fake plants but I was wrong, they are just pots. I would update photo and description because it's kinda misleading.
Not sure how well this worked. Liked the light odor it produced.
like others mentioned, the grill/rack can fall to easy, i also took the suggestion that another review made and i put a 3/4" x 10" galvanized pipe in the grate to help aid in keeping it in place, that helps some but i bought for a rental, so having this pipe to fix a problem looks getto and they wont even probably be able to understand why its there, and may pull it out and food drop to the bottom getting me angry calls and bad reviews. also be prepaid to get these very scratched up, they dont ship with packing so grate bangs around... i need to now repaint
Not sure how accurate yet as its passed our planting season here in the northeast.
I really wanted to like these. They are very expensive for what they are. I thought I would be able to make the wire really tight with these, but when I pull it tight the widget inside the vise pulls out with it so it is the same as it was before I got them. If I knew it would be like this before I got them, I would have kept the $20 and used it for something else.
The trigger took getting use to, but once I got the hang of it, it was cool. This was nice while it lasted... but heavy duty??? Not quite! I'm just a few weeks in and it broke apart at the bottom. Oh well :-/
The directions a little confusing at first but once you get past that your okay. Please be sure to have your own Allen Key Screw Driver the one that they provide will keep you there all day. The seats a okay but thin may want to consider buying your own separate ones. The set is smaller in person then what they showed it to be. I was expecting the bench and chairs to be a little wider. They advertise steel build but I think it's more like reinforced Aluminum. The table is really tiny, not like the picture. Beware of the optical illusion. Packaging was decent and everything came decently wrapped with no missing pieces big plus! Decent and sturdy worth 100 dollars but nothing more then that. Doesn't look bad when it's complete but not exactly what I was expecting in size! Color is as advertised once again another big plus!
They are very heavy duty. They are long and a little difficult to use. They are good quality though.
Needs to be treated to make it waterproof.
was the right size that we needed.
I've bought 3 of these - one for our current BBQ and 2 for the previous one. They are cheap, look nice and fit right but they inevitably get long rips in them just from sitting on the BBQ. I think they dry out or otherwise lose their durability and after a year or two, it doesn't take more than just wind blowing across the BBQ for them to tear along the places where they meet the edge of the BBQ. Such a bummer because they are otherwise perfect. I supposed if you keep your BBQ indoors or in incredibly mild climate, they might last longer for you.
Works as expected but wish it had bigger studs,... it pokes small holes which are barely noticeable
My children still come home with mosquito bites. I don't know if they would have come home with MORE if they didn't have these on, but still, I can't help but wonder if there is a better option out there.
On concrete patio had to attach to 4x4 lumber to keep it from falling over in the slightest wind. Also attached to the house to keep it stable. It looks great, but needed a lot of adjustments.
I chose this foam cannon as it is offered with a wash mitt... Wash mitt is made of very good quality, Also the brass fitting on cannon looks pretty good and well made. Fits my Sunjoe xps 3500 perfectly.. However the foam cannon does not make foam as it expected, I used it 3 times since i bought and i tried multiple adjustments, tried putting extra soap too, but it simply doesn't make thick soap suds as it should. i bought it last month and missed the return window by 4 days, otherwise i would have sent it back for a replacement. but for now i'm not fully satisfied. hence 3 stars...
Works fine for the price. Poorly packaged. Ordered two, one badly bent upon arrival. Beat it back straight with a rubber hammer and used it. May be smaller than you expect it to be. Fine for melting cheese on a burger but too small for cheese-steaks. Bought a larger one later.
Like the product just sprung a leak after less than a month
I have two devices 3 feet apart and finding mice feces in between the two of them.
Nice and versatile screen, if only frame lasted better. After 2 years of use, hooks, and frame tubing began to deteriorate and now it is duct taped in the corners and plastic hooks are stretched and dysfunctional. Would recommend a retractable screen with remote control - that is where I am heading next. Otherwise a really good looking screen and versatile for its freestanding placement ability with legs - sold separately.
A little difficult to read exact match of color on testing.
The fountain doesnt want to run continuously. It pulses. I have tries everything to make it run correctly. It will for a few minutes then goes back to pulse.
Cute. Waiting to see how many seasons they last.
This tent leaks light from the zippers, as well as various pinholes all over the door. All the zippers came broken, but luckily i was able to fix them. The zippers now work alright but they snag a lot compared to my vivosun tent. The holes for the vents and ducting also leak a little light. The frame is sturdy, but bends inward a bit where the pieces of metal snap together. The extra light bar/carbon filter bar was really handy. The walls/mylar are also not very thick in comparison to the vivosun tent. Overall the tent is working well with a viparspectra 450w light in it. You get what you pay for. 3 stars due to the zippers and light leak.
Broke after a few days outside. Not a bad product, just got one that was bad.
Can't spray trees with any height to them.
Love this bag. It was just what I was looking for. Problem is, after only a couple of uses see some tears already. I'm only doing small backyard trimming etc. I will stick with it as my previous one held up ok even with some holes.
Like the product but too costly considering how much it takes to treat a single pot! Don't waste your money, get the little yellow sticky cards! Packs of 20 large size cards cost the same but will last through several grows! Plus large cards can be cut down into 3 cards making 60 sticky traps in total!
I love these lights, they fit perfectly with my home decor. However, when i received them, the wire was supposed to have a twisted look to it, but it was all unravelled and i had to heat it up with a blow dryer for it to twist back into shape.
Assortment of seeds is nice, no directions or description or information enclosed. I gently raked my existing cactus soil, spread the seeds and watered them in. Before pictures attached, I will update pics and rating after they sprout (or don't).
Nice canopy, easy to assemble. Sides bow in a little, sides not sturdy. Good for short term uses, parties etc not for use of shelter for long periods of time.
I'd have preferred a type roller ball tip versus a felt tip type. I must stretch the fabric in order to draw/write on the material.
Served their propose. Used them to hold down a wildlife skirt around our chicken coop before we buried it.
The lattice was not stapled well easy to come apart wood species is questionable
It makes for a cute yard decoration but the critters are not at all scared by it. Once the curiosity wears off and they realize it won't move, they ignore it. It's hollow plastic, so you'll have to weigh or anchor it down to keep the wind from knocking it over. It has a covered opening at the bottom which you can uncap to put in rocks, water, dirt, etc. to weigh it down. My mother tied hers to the trunk of the persimmon tree so it looks like she's holding a fake owl hostage and the squirrels still scamper up the tree.
You'll have to use planter liners and the product does seem to be stained well to withhold wear from water.
Wasn't what i expected
I read the description and the dimension, but was still didn't realize how small that was. Returned.
It was so hard to put together. Thing did not line up and you had to loosen different screws to get another one to line up. It was inexpensive so I guess you get what you pay for. But it hauls the things I need so I guess it does the job.
This chair is very comfortable. The cup holder is very convenient. Although delivery took an extra day, the seller was very helpful in finding a resolution.
No idea if they are working or not. And, I could actually hear the high pitched sounds and clicks one of them was giving off (annoying BTW) - that unit might have been broken? - but I can also hear the buzzing of some florescent lighting. It doesn't bother my cat. The constant glow they emit is annoying too, like nightlight bright.
Fabric is a bit thin.
Easy to put together. Can't use the table because the holes do not line up correctly. The table is hanging to the side and well you cant put anything on it then. There was a little rust on it also. Need to keep on grass because its wobble probably due to screws putting on bottom.
cute lights add a nice touch under my 11 X 11 canopy. I used 2 sets. Unfortunately there isn't a timer on the batteries like there is on some battery light sets. I'd like these better if they turned off automatically after several hours (6 is usual) and back on after a cycle.
My cat inflated, but not enough for it to remain standing upright. Anyone know how to remedy this?
Looks good, wanted to lean forward, top heavy. Needed to zip tie the hat back.
Legs are a little wobbly and don't match each other, two are white, two are brown.
The only reason I gave it three stars is because of the chrome finish. It's lacking quality because it looks like a piece of dirt was on it when it was chromed and the finish is not smooth on other areas. Looks bad when the sun hits it. I used it on the freeway 1 day and it fell over due to the wind but some duct tape on the rack seemed to fix the problem. I have no problem making little adjustments. I used loctite during assembly and that's a must. The teflon tape is not a good idea because it does not bite the bar like duct tape. Just disappointed in the chrome finish but other than that it's good. I might return or exchange it because of the bad chrome finish. I wrote a review already but it did not get posted.
too many items to check
Looks great at night with the changing light colors. does not spin in the wind. Repositioned o-ring and lubricated and works a little. Takes a pretty strong wind to spin.
I marked this tripod grinder stand down for several reasons. First of all, it's not as sturdy as I would expect, and you can feel it wanting to tip towards you when you pull the grinder handle down. Secondly, it lacks a tool tray which would be nice for storage of grinding discs and small tools. It does fit the grinder, but I expect more of Oregon.
The thermostat works fine. The mat, I did care for. I have a different brand that I like better.
Ordered and received this item,very happy with it and price.PROBLEM I need another one and the price is now 30 dollars higher,what's up with that????
Line doesn't feed sometimes
I bought this to keep cats out of my yard. It worked fine for a month or two and then I guess the cats got used to it. I have a neighbor that feeds 30+ feral cats!
This fits on weed eater
Great material but very heavy so it doesn't fly well in the light wind. If you have more than 5mph mild wind you will be fine. Look at the pic as its compared to the other flags.
Extremely small you can get one two times this size at walmart cheaper
Not bad it did what it said on the box
Lost it but. But the handle is not great. Otherwise I like it. Not site I'll buy again bc of handle.
They're a nice size but I thought they'd be sturdier.
Rhinestones came off
It was much smaller than I thought it would be. Very sturdy. I didn't realize it had a drain hole on the side but did come with a plug for the hole. I will use it for an outdoor plant since it's too small for the plant inside my house.
It's cute but just a little cheaply made.
Arrived damaged. Not at sturdy as I had hoped.
I like the hose for reasonable price. One thing I don't like is one connector always leak but not A lot. It is ok for this price.
Love the material & fit but with less than a single season of use, already has a seem coming apart.
Works as intended. Just not the easiest to set up and the instructions are pretty confusing to use
This isn't very sturdy in strong wind.
One of the two had a crack and leaked. Item was returned and quickly replaced.
did not have a chance to use it, it's basically for emergencies.
Strong winds can pick this up but the item is funny.
these tweezers seem to be a cheaper quality which affects the sturdiness
Replaced old igniter.was exactly the same as old one
I use them, however they only cover small square footage
Not the best quality, a bit smaller
The set is beautiful and easily put together but the box came in shambles with only a few loose bolts and washers so I had to spend almost 20$ to buy replacements
Product seems rusty where the screw goes in. Some didn't screw in the whole way or straight
The product arrived with the smaller elephant broken. I reached out asking to return it, or another little elephant, or a refund. Customer service offered me half of my money back since only half of the product broke, but you cannot buy the planters separately. After a few Emails back and forth, my money was returned, but a bit frustrating.
Good for soil that is somewhat loose already. It just spins on top of really packed soil.
These are pretty, but they don't spin easily. Kind disappointed!
About 2/3 of the package was fine. The other third did not re-open once closed. Since I wanted to re-use these, the ones that don't re-open are of no use to me. Many of the pieces had extra bits of plastic all over them, which probably contributes to the inconsistent quality of the pieces.
I ordered this hardware kit for installing my solar shade however; I should have waited until after the solar shade arrived because of the size and weight of the material was heavier than anticipated. This caused me to recalculate the sizes of the anchors and clips needed. In the end I had to purchase stronger ones. For lighter solar shade material, this kit is perfect and highly recommended but check your material weight beforehand before ordering.
Needed a longer bolt. I managed to assemble the base by leaving out the lock washer. Used for a 9 foot patio umbrella.
Product arrived and as per other reviews no washer so new I have to go to hardware store and buy a washer I guess you get what you pay for
I found the black nail parts to fall off easily and without using a lot of force.
Not effective so far, the scent is not overwhelming but mosquitoes were still biting. Will try a few more times
Have to hold this with the sensor dipped in the pool for a good 5 minutes or so before it finally stops and gives you a reading. Really slow. It shouldnt take that long.
Battery died on day one - not happy about this cause now I have to buy new batteries and wonder if they gonna last me a day
The spiral devices look nice but with outdoor elements they look very old and chipped and the birds did not stay away.
Generally speaking the seeds were productive. Mixing all the different varieties in the same bag doesn't make sense for home garden planning and planting. If you have a relatively large area that you want to fill with sunflowers and nothing else, spread the seeds and get what you get. They are fun and beautiful. One variety truly was the size of a small tree and had to be cut down with a saw in the fall.
When i received in the mail the entire box was full of ants. About a quarter of the ladybugs were alive. I was not happy with the tons of ants but they may have got in through the holes on the way to me.
Not adjustable enough for sensitivity
We ordered 2 of what we assumed was bronze, but when we opened the boxes, they were silver. **No biggie** We hung them on the patio by the pool and couldn't wait til sunset. They are gorgeous, however after a week, one of the lights only illuminated blue then green. Both hang in full sunlight.
Good product for killing ants. However it will leave an oily residue on paintwork and especially on untreated wood so be sure to wipe off any overspray with a damp cloth and avoid using on bare wood surfaces. It does not seem to stop ants from returning to the same spots. Also, the spray bottle is very flimsy so the trigger is hard to use to the point of being almost useless. Bottle needs an upgrade. We resorted to pouring this into another spray bottle. Took 3 attempts to order the product as the first tow deliveries were recalled for reasons that were not clear.
Beautiful plant, too bad it only blooms once and after it dies all your left with is green leaves
Updated review. My original review is below. But I am writing this update because the seller read my review and was very good about quickly reaching out and offering me replacements and a refund...good all fashion service and much appreciated. I have ordered many solar outside lights before. I charged these lights in bright Los Angeles sun for a total of 8 hours. When I went to adjusted the "mode" button so that they lights would stay "on" , as opposed to blinking on and off, the lights would NOT stay on unless the little black control box was in a certain position. If i put the box down or moved it then the lights went "off" There must have been a loose wire. There were two sets of string lights in each box, and I had the same situation with the second string of lights. Very frustrating because, although the bulbs were a bit small, the lights are attractive. I will be returning these lights.
Dead within 2 weeks. Just put it outside to hope for a recovery. Followed all instructions. All leaves dropped and super dry regardless of spritzing or other watering methods.
Just received the item and I haven't attempted to plant yet. I just wish they would send instructions. Now to do research...
I really wanted this tiller to answer my needs but it's great powerful engine, but did not break ground as advertised. Tiller works great on composted soil but was unable to break into hard ground. If you hit any kind of rock, look out, it jumped into the air uncontrollably.
This carburetor works like it should, but the fuel line connection is facing the wrong direction. The carburetor that I replaced had the connection pointing straight out, but this one has a 90* elbow that faces the back of the machine. In order to compensate for this, I had to completely reroute the fuel line. I'm not sure this will affect the performance in any way, but these old Tecumseh engines had the fuel line running behind the flywheel.
I did not like the pump that came with the pool had to purchase another pump.wasnt strong enough for the intex pool cleaner that we purchased.
It works without leaks but it's beat up. Like if you were at IKEA and needed a watering can, you'd push this one to the side to get one that wasn't beat up..even though this one “works” Amazon only let me post one photo of the dents but they are all over it. Packed properly so that tells me it was a damaged item they sold on Amazon. But my dog can't eat this one so I'm keeping it.
Padding is great and just what you need, but the straps are NOT extra long.
It works okay. Unfortunately I have a lot of leaves in my pool right now and it doesn't do the job my much more expensive Aquabot Turbo used to do. It is easy to get out of the pool though.
The product itsself is well built a d fits nicely on our hutch. The reason for 3 stars is 2 of the 3 seed pods didn't sprout after noted days.
Wooden arms faded and discolored very quickly due to sun exposure. No rain exposure
The Carburetor matched up fine for the motor. The throttle and choke arms were not installed, and would not connect to the existing links. I had to use the old arms to make it work. At the same time the Pressure washer now is always at full throttle and will not idle down.
It worked great for about an hour. I had to return because it started strobing. I gave it three stars because it did work for a very short time and I noticed other reviewers did not have this problem.
Poor quality, stitching is coming undone after 1 moths use. I wouldn't recommend buying this product.
Looked like a great brush, very stiff & doesnt clean well without extreme pressure applied. I do most of the grilling, but I dont think my wife could push enough pressure to get between grates.
The photo advertised in Amazon is NOT the plant sent. I trusted the seller putting an accurate name on the image posted. I went with the image and got a plant that did not look like image on Amazon. It may well be a Robusta, but the image posted was not a Robusta. Not happy.
Marginal utility to protect tropical plants from cold weather.
They look great but I was short two light bulbs in each box.
It's not clear precise instructions on how to put it together. You can't get a tight seal when you screw the pieces together. We actually had to use pipe tape. You set the timer to run for both the salt water and the sand filter. It won't let you do it separately
Only the blue came up, no white. But very healthy plants! The bees love it!
A nice cable to extend your reach to either a solar panel or a generator. The Female end has a shroud that goes over the male end of another cable, helping it remain water-tight, however this prevents the extension cable from plugging into my Boulder 30 since the output port is too shallow to make contact. Using the cable that came with the Boulder 30 in conjunction with the 30 foot cable overcame the problem.
Good price but not very bright and all components are of light weight material and not made to last long
Acceptable replacement drive belt for my older Husky riding mower. Definitely not the same quality as original but roughly half the price. Fit perfectly, works well, will see how long it lasts.
This was a house warming gift for my son who lives in another state. He let me know that the grill didn't have any of the handles. That was disappointing.
Pic makes look like lights are large , very small
Ordered two, but only one bracket included.
It's works well as far as protecting your hands from heat and looks great, but because the gloves are really thick it's not ideal for wearing them while cooking on the grill because it's cumbersome when you have to constantly close and open your hand such as when you are using the tongs during the grilling. So I only use them occasionally if I'm picking up something hot. Also since the gloves are not entirely covered in silicone, they are not made for handling food.
None of the items were broken upon arrival and they are true to the picture. The openings do vary from large to small, so flow is temperamental. A couple work perfectly.
Cute when it works. Went flying in the wind and bent, but I put it back...a little bent... and is working mostly. I thought the lights would be brighter.
The item was shipped in poor packaging and had some damage. The items were not damaged. I thought the description stated that these were outdoor lights. They are not. They work fine and am satisfied with them.
The hoe works as advertised.. easy to use ,takes care of the weeds. Unfortunately, the front rivet on the head fell out on the second use. I had to put in a nut and bolt to keep it working. Not very well made.
This spot looks nice but to be honest it kind of feels cheaply made so I'm not sure how long it'll hold up in the Sun. But the main reason I read it at three stars because I ordered the 13-inch but received the 15 inch pot and it's not the size I needed for where I wanted to put it.
I love hanging baskets and this provides the ability to easily water them. However two of the four do not release as they should. I have to fight to get them to release and usually end up just taking the basket down to water.
Came alive but with very few leaves as its still very young. The soil was very moist. Packaging ok even after our delivery person ignored the 'this way up' arrow.
The owl is super cute but it came with hot glue strings everywhere and I could clearly see places that were glued. In short, the quality is so so but it looks nice as long as you don't pick it up and analyze it closely.
It was easy to put together but It was awkward to use for me..possibly a strong man would not have any problems. I sent it back..
I used it once. the water pressure was super low...need to try it in Summer (warmer) and see how it goes
Didn't have much luck spraying the nectar and getting the lady bugs to stay. I also ordered the praying mantis from the same company and they basically offered no help for either time. Basically it was a waste of money for me.
Like that it does get hot and has a remote for convenience,what I have a problem with when it gets hot the top keep popping off where the water goes then the steamer gets cold,that part of it such have been made better I such not have to place something on top of it to keep it close once it get hot. I been thinking about exchanging it for a different one.
Washers are not the best, difficult to get a good seal when connecting a sprinkler or to the house.
Good sturdy construction. However, the ends of the coring tubes are flat (perpendicular to the length of tubing) and the edges are rounded off. Basically, this will not break soil that is any way significantly compacted (which is the very soil that needs aeration). For that reason I cannot recommend buying this. I am going to attempt to grind the points at a 45 to create some kind of point that can penetrate soil. If that can't be done, then this thing is a total waste of money.
I returned these after one use because they CANNOT be put in the dishwasher. Nothing easy about that.
Would not work on my above ground pool
I tried out this umbrella once. It broke on the second use. The component that clicks into position to keep the umbrella open broke so it wouldn't stay open. It could have been that mine was defective so I gave it 3 stars instead of 1. There was no way for the seller to communicate with me directly. I called amazon to sort the issue out & was resolved professionally.
Bought these because they looked like ones I found at Target (closeout), but these are of lower quality. The edges of the copper are unfinished and razor sharp. I've cut myself a couple of times.
I love the fabric and colors. However the size is not as represented in description. Stated size was 12 x 19 x 4. Pillows received are actually 10 x 16.5 x 4. Not happy. Trying to decide if I should keep them.
The torches look good at night and hold their charge to last most of the night. My only dislike so far is the plastic piping. It is cheap, thin wall plastic and I do not expect it to last the summer months here in Northern California. The heat 90 degree heat had already deformed two of them and will have to replace them with metal tubing.
Good quality, as expected, met expectations But shipment lost but delayed and replaced
This would work better in a deep bowl. My bird bath is rather shallow, so the water needs to be replaced frequently with this fountain.
I bought two of these, one for my self and one for my 16yo son. We used them on a sandy Texas beach and it wasn't long before my son's scoop was all bent up. In my opinion, the aluminum structure is not strong enough for regular use. I can't imagine using this in a rocky stream. My scoop was only slightly bent after the 2 day trip - but I was extra careful after seeing what happened to his.
Arrived with it's paint still wet. Be careful opening it.
It's surviving nothing going yet
The grill mats worked perfectly. We loved them. However, we wish they were bigger. In order to properly cover one side of our grill, we had to use two mats. Do they come in bigger sizes?
Soooo. Rabbit poop under bushes everywhere. But this and before I can use it rabbits left town. But I'll be ready should they return
As expected and average product
We see a few roaches and other bugs in the house every, and put out 4 of these sticky traps. In about two weeks, the ones in the living area haven't caught a thing, and the ones in the basement caught a few. Overall I'd say the bait doesn't seem to lure them in very well. I'll set out more and see if we catch some bugs, but not too hopeful on this product.
Great value except that it does not have instructions. It comes with two sets of gaskets which were nearly identical so I was confused on which one to use. I gave it only three stars, because at first, it would not prime fuel into the engine. After at least 100 pushes on the primer valve and lots of frustration and disappointment on my part, it began to spray fuel into the carburetor and I was able to finally start my engine. Yay!
After three people each took a turn in it the rope had broken in three places. And this was supposed to be a two-person hammock. One is apparently too many.
I like that this item performs as described it is strong enough to take care of many fly insects I like that I can leave it on because the solar device on it allows it to charge in the light to include house lights.
The photo is misleading. It shows 2 complete sets. That's the reason for only 3 stars
Didn't know I had to plug it into my computer to get it to work. The USB threw me for a loop.
Received mine and used a drill to make life 1000 percent easier. Took off because one of the table legs was missing and I needed to set for a particular event :-(
Nice looking to be sure. Metal guage too thin to really last through any significant winds though. Eventually wound up sliding it into a 3/4" iron pipe from Home Depot to alleviate the constant breaks.
3 units work great. 1 unit worked for about two months then stopped being effective. I have no idea how long they are supposed to work so I'm thinking it's defective. I ordered them for my mother also. Same with her. She only tried 1 and it was ineffective so she replaced it with another from the same box and the 2nd unit worked well.
Packaging was not up to par. Leakage through the box. No warnings on box re: corrosive liquid inside. One gallon jug lost half of its chlorine. Believe me, it burns your skin with the slightest drop. I hope the delivery guy wore thick gloves. Kem-Tek needs to look into the safe packing standards and maybe a hazmat symbol on the box.
It's fine once you get it hot, but per their customer service line, it takes an hour to an hour and a half to raise the water temp 1 degree...not "rapid" if you ask me. Buyer beware
Product is fine. Can be had a your local stores for less than 1/2 this price
They look good but sadly after all day in full sun they go dimmer and dimmer til they go off within 3-4 hours
We bought this feeder because it appeared to unscrew at the top which would make refilling it easy. BUT, it actually opens at the base of the glass jar so cumbersome to deal with.
This cover is a replacement for one I purchased about 4 years ago. The original was lost in a recent move. This new cover is of lesser quality. It is thinner and after just a few weeks is showing sign of wear on one corner. I would not purchase again.
Was used when I received it 👎🏼 Other than that I love it
Cheaply made bottles that I would not purchase again.
It said and showed when I purchased that it came with a cooler. I never received a cooler. This is the reason I chose this one over the many other BBQ tools.
Important Comment: The manual that comes with the unit is not THE manual. The full manual is on line. e.g. When you set the start time, the number indicator is for one of four start times per day. It is NOT the station number. All stations run consecutively on every start time if a duration is set. This is in the full manual not the manual shipped with the unit. As a result, I almost threw this thing away when it ran 16 times on one day on one program! But the fine print sent me on-line to get the thing to work. The comments on the orbit web site are that this is a non intuitive device! End of important comment. Looks good so far, easy enough to program though you should keep THE manual. Operations is not at all intuitive unless you already owned one of these. Some buttons have two labels (enter/manual). You have to cycle through modes to get to the mode you want (e.g. manual water individual stations.) But, if you just try them all, you will find what you want sooner or later. I took off one star for the non-intuitive interface. This is an outdoor controller. Thus it limits the openings to the controller. That is good. But installing it is a bear. I am a grown man. Trying to get my adult fingers in the sideways crook to access the common left me cursing. That cost them another star. The indoor Rainbird is easier to install but it is indoor which is where you should put this Orbit anyway. You can't leave this Orbit outdoors in the sun or rain either. So what is outdoors about it other than it is a bear to install? Anyway it works.
One of the two included batteries came flashing defective. I got it to charge and used it but when I went to charge it ; it again flashed defective. I'm preparing to mow again in the next few days which will likely tell me whether it's definitely defective but I'd like to exchange it for a new one that isn't defective!
I hung the wind chime out back and within the hour the glass ball was laying on the ground. I glued it back on and so far it is still where it should be.
Easier to put together than the light stand rack I got 15 years ago. That one finally broke permanently, but was always very unstable. LED also is better lighting. HOWEVER, as soon as you lift this one to put it in place, it falls apart. I had to duct tape it together. The duct tape seems to hold, because this is so light. Will there ever be decent indoor plant lighting at a reasonable price? Some of us are only starting seedlings or growing lettuce and NOT paying thousands for a marijuana grow room.
Looked good for about 1 month but then it's started acting up and died out. Don't expect these to last too long.
These reek of Chinese knock off, but for the price they are okay. I used one to place outside my trailers backdoor. It works in the sense that it is bright and lights up the area, but I was mainly after the motion sensitivity so it would act more like a security/scare light. With my trailer set up in the driveway, free of any obstructions, the light will not trigger until I am up on the stairs. I would have liked to see it trigger 10-15 feet out on approach to the stairs. There is no adjustment for motion sensitivity for this light. The power switch is in a rather inconvenient place (on the back side of the light) which requires me to remove it from the wall to use. Because of this, I used some heavy duty velcro to secure it to my trailers exterior wall. A more permanent installation would not be feasible.
The toilet rug is small and doesn't fit right and the non slip on the bottom not very good. Have to fix these rugs all the time. Toilet lid is also elongated and my toilet is round.
These will work, but these are actually made of a cast metal, and are susceptible to corrosion. the ones we received do not look at all like whats pictured - these are smaller, and made of a cheap cast metal.
Mediocre cleaning at best. Does ok, but not as good as the treaded aquabot cleaners
Very pretty and vibrant in person. Rug is very lightweight and the edges are already curling up
Wrong product but return was painless
This was ok not the best it didn't get very loud... Kinda expected more but hey it did work
The blades are thin and I am concerned that they may not hold up to the regular grass and weed trimming I do.
These canopies are super cute! My only complaint is I ordered two for a shared bedroom and they're different shades of pink. Both pinks are cute, but not what I'd expected. Whoever is packing/shipping may want to double check the pinks are the same if it's a multiple purchase.
I intended to use this with a hose to ensure that my chickens would have enough water for a longer vacation. I tested it out before leaving and, as indicated by some other reviewers, the float valve doesn't shut the water off and the bucket overflowed. I tried fiddling with the valve but I never managed to get it to completely shut off the water supply. So I disconnected the hose and tested the capacity of the 5 gallon bucket to see if that much water would last for a week or more and it does so easily. So bottom line, the watering cups are great but the float valve is not but maybe you don't really need the float valve - just fill the bucket once every week and half or two weeks - much better than filling a smaller suction waterer every few days.
Very thin and smaller than typical mat.
Received several bent parts upon delivery so it is causing some of the sides to not close properly. Instructions were poor making it difficult to put the chassis together. I haven't had an opportunity to use it a lot yet but the wide wheels are nice and does ok hauling with packaged dirt and rocks.
A bit disappointed. Light color is too bright - does not provide the firefly effect I hoped for.
Bag ripped after second use. But the unit itself works well.
Seams to function fine. The transparent plastic face popped off fairly easily several times while installing but it popped back on without a problem. I use it for water pressure, the needle sometimes bounces up and down with changing pressure but it settles down pretty fast. UPDATE. The gauge went over 60 psi one time and now it is no longer accurate ( I can't fault the gauge too much for that ). The plastic face falls of when I brush up against it with my hand ,even very lightly. Until I exceeded the specifications it functioned well
A light weight owl decoy, not very sturdy. Hoped it would scare a woodpecker off but no such luck. Maybe it's keeping other creatures away?
The end popped off this hose. I've never had that happen before. Screwed an adjustable head on and when I turned on the water, pop goes the brass head. Could be a fun game to scare the crap out of someone, which is why I gave it three stars, otherwise would've given this a one star.
We are returning this swing. It is not comfortable for an adult to sit in. Might work for a child, but not adults. It is a very pretty swing though.
but it's not easy to get the adhesive off of glass. Damaged the stick-on brackets trying to remove them. Still can't get one off.
This is a great concept and a well-made can. Thicker plastic walls than other fuel cans. The spouts are a pain to pour out of, but the flapper valve can easily be drilled out (although the spout will need to glued or fastened or it will slide apart after drilling). Its a shame we have allowed the California Air Resources Board/EPA to dictate our lives in small things like fuel cans.
I was so excited to get this pool. Easy set up but now less than a week later we are draining it to fix all the pin whole leaks caused by the grass coming through the bottom. I am disappointed that the bottom is so thin that in less than a week grass can poke through the bottom of the pool. You would think the bottom would be thicker. Totally bummed out that on some of the hottest days we will be working on repairing the pool rather than swimming in it.
Bought this to put a few succulents in. Really cute but very shallow. Did not accommodate my taller plants at all!
Same as I needed however the shaft wasn't long enough to get through the axle beam.
One of the two is knotted wrong.
Melts ice as advertised, but it has tore up the concrete where it was applied. Little flakes coming up across the whole area it was used. :(
Cuts great when it works. The blades would periodically jam when cutting.
Nice looking light not as bright as I hoped but has a softer glow. It'seems fine for the walkway I needed some light on and It is motion sensor.
They would not stick
I couldn't keep these on my feet. The regular Sloggers (florals and other patterns) work well, but the fit of the clog was too wide, and the heel too low, to walk in without my foot slipping out frequently).
Nothing special, the jet stream is not any stronger than other run of the mill nozzles.
Directions were hard to follow- I wrecked it!
These potatoes arrived very wet. I don't know if that was on purpose but it's very gross
The bottle has changed to a normal, cylindrical bottle, not the bottle pictured that allows you to measure how much you're applying. Terrible change. Now you need a measuring cup to measure and apply the right amount. That makes it much more difficult to use. I hope they didn't change the concentrate too.
These barely remain lit once it gets dark. One string in fact dies out much quicker than the other. They're nice looking, but not really very bright.
It's cute and does the job, but you get what you pay for.
Stopped oscillating after a month. lightly used. I would say "you get what you paid for" but i payed for an oscillating fan!
I like this feeding station; however, it is not as sturdy as I would have liked. It has fallen down 3 times and of course bird seed went everywhere. Not sure I would buy this again. The pole and the forks that go into the ground could be thicker and sturdier. All in all, the birds like it!
Okay..so the best thing about this is that it has great sound.... not that hard to set up really, and great sound. But after that....? It takes a LOT of power . Thus the great sound. And it has more buttons and beeps than is really necessary. It will take your CD, and start playing it before you even close the front door, and no matter what I've done, it will repeat it. Can't shut the repeat feature off. And if you have a kill switch for your 12v system, and I do , then you have to re-program the whole thing when you turn it back on again. That's a hassle. But it never really shuts off...leaks power, and I can't have that. But it is 12 volt, and if you wanted to plug in the rest of the world ( or so it seems) to it , you could. But a simple cd player it is not. Nice sound though !
works well but not on big rock salt for snow
Has a wobbly sensation of the base because of the tubes coming together not perfectly fitted.
makes decent hamburger. takes muscle to rotate. next time I will get an electric.
More ideal for a garage light than grow.
Hasn't worked that well for me. Keeps ants away at my work for a bit but they keep coming right back so not doing what it says unfortunately.
These are ok and do the job, but I probably would not buy again. I would spend the extra on solid ones that are an exact fit. The do work and are ok for a cheap replacement.
It was not as wide as I thought and the nozzles kept plugging.
3 out of the 4 are growing. I was dehydrated when received and died. The others are growing. Will not get any blooms this year, only 6 inches tall. Will update once I get blooms.
Average sticker. My concern is it will fade. The ink was questionable. I don't think there is any uv protection coat. But, the price was good. Good for a window.
The birds have not gotten very excited over this treat
heads popped off when water is turned had to glue it. low quality
It was very difficult to assemble!!! Many parts. It is much smaller than it appears and the plants must be pretty small to fit 3 like shown. It is still very cute tho. I think if you spray it with clear poly it will be weather proof.
Gives the look I want but the thermometer itself is very hard to read. Not very practical.
I love these nesting boxes, but my chickens hate them! I have had them up for three weeks and they have not even used them once. I even put them in there but they just jump out. I tried putting fake grass in them,Nope! I put a curtain up, Nope! They just refuse to use them. I have 22 hens that just started laying. Their favorite box is a roll away that I made. I love these boxes! They are easy to keep clean. the dirt falls through and what doesn't, you can just slide the bottom out and clean it. Its too bad that they hate it.
The boxed item arrived yesterday and the box was in pretty poor condition. The box top had obviously been opened and taped shut with clear tape, all the way around. I was worried that maybe the merchandise was damaged but happily, it was not. I cannot believe the product left China with a box in this condition, not so much damaged, but so poorly sealed. Quite the mystery?
It's good lighting except two of the eight battery not working not taking charge not knowing your policy about that in the box instruction coverd up to six month even I purchase them in March I just open the box
liked them, though after a month both would flick on/off. then one failed completely. my guess is poor soldering inside.
Package was clearly opened, plastic was chewed open then poorly taped back. While the tool appears to be OK, it's disappointing to pay full price for a used item
Didn't seem to work all that well.
I bought two, but one came broken and both of the stakes for the the solar lights are flimsy. Otherwise they are ok for the prime deal I bought them at. Easy to assemble and set up.
With in a week 1 out of 3 lamps failed
Unfortunately I never received my mat and I always order from amazon. It was from a third party seller from China. I live in Ohio and it was delivered to an address in California. I contacted the seller and I haven't received and email form them. It was originally scheduled for delivery on July 6 and it is now July 10 and it was delivered yesterday to the west coast.
The plant seems to be suffering though we have watered it and put it in sunlight. About half the leaves have turned brown.
this took over 2 months to receive. company shipped to the wrong address first, then the second one took forever to get again. company was not responsive in a timely manner... that said its a decent bench, has worked so far
Love the looks of this toaster but like all the toasters before it, it only toasts one side of the bread. Doesn't anyone make a toaster that toasts uniformly?
worked as intended, but has some component that will break after a few uses
No problems, works great, received quickly.
Beautiful, and decent design. The temp gauge is faulty (broken) though so I contacted the manufacturer for a replacement. After installing the replacement the new temp gauge is inaccurate. My last grill was a Char-Griller 3001 which was far superior to this one even though it was not as fancy and pretty. I suggest going for the Char-Griller if looking at this one. It lasted for years but finally gave out to oxidation.
I was disappointed the crown doesn't light up.They look like eggs unless you are close up. If the crown lit up they'd be awesome!
I was expecting a bigger product, it served its purpose of frying a Turkey, I previously used a friends witch was a slight bigger than this on and it fried faster that this on, I had to flip the bird over to fry the top portion, but it cooks well, just needs to be bigger.
The first thing that I did when it arrived in the mail was put a magnet to it. I was disappointed to see it stick. The attraction was not very strong at all, meaning it didn't jump from my hand to it, but it was strong enough that it stayed when I let it go. Since the magnetic attraction was weak, this is some form of stainless steel, just one of lower quality. If it was true 304 stainless, it wouldn't stick at all. I chose this tube over some of the others because it specifically said it was 304 SS. The competitors said only stainless steel so I would have expected them to be magnetic. The price is on par with what it is, I could have gotten one a few bucks cheaper. It's hard to say how it will hold up once I use it a few times. I wanted stainless so I could just leave it outside with the grill, but I might have to bring it inside when I'm not using it. I may revisit my review at the end of the season to rate the performance and how it held up. For now my rating is based on the incorrect description.
Quality is good. Humming birds don't seem too excited about it. We have only seen a bird on it once or twice since hanging the swing a month ago. I probably wouldn't buy it again.
Only reason I gave 3 stars it that they do help when closing to keep cover in place that's about it!
Bought 2 to replace the tires on my finish mower. One aired up ok and held. The second, the bead split after being installed for a few hours under pressure. These are termed China Bombs for a reason. I do not recommend them.
pantyhose would work just the same.. kind of a mess to clean out, so i guess they're supposed to be disposable? the shipper got them here quickly.
I'll start by saying we really love this swing. I've very comfy and sturdy. But it has not held up well. It is not even a year old and it has two large tears on the canvas part, it has faded beyond recognition, and the middle seam is weirdly unraveling. So if you're not looking to have something that lasts forever, this is great. I personally am very disappointed bc I can't imagine it will hold up a whole lot longer
I purchased the Aerogarden Harvest Plus after my wife saw it at a friend's house. We only started growing the herbs a week ago, and already 5 of the 6 plant pods are showing growth. The 6th probably takes a bit longer to germinate, so that's not a worry. There is a problem with "UP" scroll button ... it doesn't work. The DOWN button does work, so it's possible to still set the time, etc. A week ago I contacted the company via their web-site because of the problem. Experience tells me that once one button on a control panel doesn't work, there's a chance that the problem could get worse. They have a specific "contact us" interface to report problems. I have NOT received any contact from the company offering any help. Hence my 3 star rating.
Beautiful. Thought I had it hooked and it fell and broke.
I have this on my deck. Cushions are much too thin
Would have been 5 stars, but one was defective and would not stay inflated. Fortunately, I only needed 2 for my party and the 2 that stayed inflated were great.
Blew an oring out after 3-4 good uses
Bigger than I thought
I ordered this product in December of 2017, and installed it upon delivery December 21, 2017. Cleaning them today, February 2, 2018, the white course pad fell apart as I rinsed it. The carbon pad fared better, and is now the only thing in the filter. I'm giving the product three stars, because it did an excellent job filtering my 100 gallon tank where Goldie, my Koi, spends the winter. However, it gets only one star, as I think it should last more than 5 weeks. I'm going to order another set, because I like the filtration, and to see if maybe I receive a defective white pad. If it fails again, it won't make it back to three stars.
This is a mixed review. It's stylish enough that my wife uses it even when wearing a dress, and it's neutral enough that I don't mind carrying it. The zippers are very strong. The fabric is durable. The back is padded just enough, and the reinforced bottom means the bag usually stays upright. And it's very comfortable to carry. We haven't had any problems with the straps. But the snap broke off within the first month of use. The snap was a futile design anyways — if the bag or pocket are full, it's hard to snap it. Not that we like that pocket anyways, because of you leave it unzipped and flip the top over, everything comes out. And we too have had the same problem with the side pocket tearing off. Unfortunately the pocket tore just after the 90-day warranty expired. The issue with the side pockets is that they're not gusseted — they're cut to the same size as the side panel width. So if the bag is full, the pocket doesn't have any flexibility, and the seam isn't reinforced. Also, this will barely zip with a 15” MacBook when empty, and it doesn't zip if you're packing anything else with the laptop too. I don't trust that the back straps are strong enough to hold up over time, but so far they've been great and comfortable. Not sure that we'd buy it again until those features are redesigned, but because it's exactly the same dimensions as a free personal item for European flights, it did pay for itself instead of paying for a carry-on bag.
This grill brush is just ok. I like that it is bristle-free, but it takes a lot of elbow grease to really clean any food residue from the grill grates.
I used to pour a capful of chlorine powder every 1-2 days, after using our hot tub. But there are plenty of days we don't use it, and trying to remember the last day we added chlorine can be hard - leading to low chlorine levels. So I decided to give this dispenser a try. The levels listed in the instructions must be for a pool or something, because it's way too high. Even on the lowest setting, the chlorine levels are a little high. Test strips show between 5 and 10 ppm. We have a 500 gallon hot tub.
should last longer than they do but that is due to the finish and durability of the material. Meant to last no longer than 5 years under less than average use.
It's not as strong as described,
The wasps like it more than the hummingbirds and the holes are just big enough for a wasp head. I read they are attracted to the yellow.
Really thin and break easy, but they're just water catchers
I bought two sets of these a month ago. At least two have stopped working. However, when they work, they work. Fewer mole mounds and no dead moles in the pool filter.
I like the barbecue doors we purchased however one of the handles was missing in the packaging (we bought 2). Other than that, nice.
I love the pots. However, when I opened my package I received one of the pots broken. Contacted selling and have yet to receive a response.
The instructions stated to put in pump-basket... this product is very thick- I'm glad I didnt do that! I just put it in a floating basket and it worked... but still very sludgy!!!
very thin piece of foam cheap.
Bolts have fallen off theee of the four chairs. I need replacement bolts. I don't know where to find them?
Lights don't stay on but for 4 hours at the most.
I ordered two for a couple of my flags. With one sticking out, having pierced the packaging when it arrived, it was in tact, but the other one came with a broken weld where the square nut is supposed to be attached to the cuff. I'm looking all over Amazon and the only sand anchors I can find that don't screw into the ground all seem to be this same model, probably from the same manufacturer, being sold by only two or three sellers. The one that didn't arrived broken works wonderfully, I just hope that if I order another from a different seller, I will win the gamble of not having to return it.
Sturdy and durable, but doenst turn up the first like you would expect. If the tines were sharper, there would be a better result. I'm using it mostly to turn dirt over once I've dug it up well, but wish it were easier to use.
This item was suppose to be a large cover that would cover round (small) table $ 4 chairs. Only cover the small patio table
To large and heavy for my RV use.
I like this weather station but the inside temp is 2 degrees high all the time.
It's a very nice piece but had to figure out a way to stabilize it at the end of the chain.
Pretty but solar light does not light up every night
Product is low quality. It is lights with leafs fastened to them. I would not buy again
Hard to see the words from a distance
I put in my fairy garden
swapped my 20 pound propane tank at the corner market for a full one and i am wondering if the valve is different because with the on/off gas flow twist knob fully closed and attaching this hose the propane instantly starts and will not stop flowing until hose fitting is unscrewed - the on/off twist knob valve is rendered useless! - if you buy this hose be sure to connect to tank LAST or the gas will empty itself threw the other end
Works well for branches 1/4 inch or bigger but doesn't chip smaller twigs which pretty much pass through untouched.
didn't get gaskets with this order-had to use old gaskets
I love my gazebo!. The only reason it is not getting 5 stars is because we had to modify it to get it set up, one of the "legs" wasn't right. My Hubby was able to get it up and you can't tell at all. I tried to contact the seller but never heard back. The gazebo itself is great though.
Hose lasted about a year, then the inner hose broke free from the end clamp. Worked great up until the time it broke. Does the manufacturer have a lifetime guarantee? I'll check...
The plants were delivered with only a third still in place. The others were tossed, some without any soul in the root system. We planted them ASAP... we'll see.
Not bad. Used it to work out some design issues for a water feature. Final version will incorporate a better quality pump. I think it would work fine for a really small fountain or maybe sitting in the bottom of a birdbath. For the price, you can not go wrong by giving it a try.
It's came in missing parts.
it doesn't open far enough to cut any larger shrubs or branches
Box and product arrived damaged.
Update on previous review. Original flag did not have brass grommets and rusted quickly. Seller said they would send another with real brass grommets. About 6 weeks later, it came. And had real brass grommets.
Trimmer works well and is convenient to use. It has less power than I anticipated and I will likely need to purchase a second battery.
It seems well built and matches the picture. However, after 8 days, I have only caught two bees. It is hanging in a location with bees all around it, but is only working so so. Will need to wait a while longer to see if this this trap is really worth it.
it fits the grill and easy to put over. I had an older weber grill cover and it was significantly heavier and holds up in the wind better than this one does. It serves the purpose but not as thick.
Set arrived faster than the shipping window showed on Amazon. Came in 4 boxes that arrived at different times. Bc of this one box went missing. Contacted seller and still waiting for the replacement box. Nice quality and took a little bit to put together. Cushions are slippery, so back cushions don't stay on well. Would give higher rating if I didnt have the shipping issue. Still waiting on replacement box.
I have found that aftermarket blades last longer than OEM
Just not enough power was a poor choice on my part
We bought a new-to-us house with a two story deck on the back. Much to my chagrin, I noticed shortly after moving in that the prior owners did not take the carpenter ants that live in the deck with them. It's now a war. I've used this DE inside a home years ago with good results, so I bought this one again. I first studied the ants to see where they were coming from and where they were going. After gathering the necessary intel, I sprinkled the DE everywhere I'd seen the ants, as well as in all the cracks and crevices of the deck. I didn't use any special equipment...I went to the dollar store and bought a large plastic container with a lid and punched a bunch of holes in the top for sprinkling. I also bought one of those condiment bottles to shoot the DE in the crevices. Both work perfectly. Spent $2 for dispensers, so keep that in mind if you're eyeing expensive equipment. It's been two weeks and I'm still seeing ants; far, far fewer, but I am still seeing them come and go. I've started becoming much more heavy-handed with the DE. Instead of sprinkling it (rather heavily), I'm covering areas with it. Ants won't cross a line of the powder, so I make sure it comes out several inches from the deck supports, etc. I've seen ants walk thru it and go back in the way they came. I suspect the reason I'm still seeing them is that the nest is where I can't get to it, so it's going to take a while to get enough of the buggers exposed to this stuff to get the whole nest. Watch out when spreading this stuff around...it floats around in the air for quite a while. I ended up getting it in my eyes and all over my clothes (yes, the instructions say to wear protective gear). I'm only giving this 3 stars for now. As I said, it's been two weeks, and I'll come back in another couple of weeks or so with an update to let you know if this has evicted the tenants living in my deck.
Received it, followed direction didn't seem to work, seemed not do much, compared several different samples, until I mad sample a little more soupy did I see better differences in soils, dose it work? well I think so not sure if it is accurate or not but the needle moves, did try on three years old garden box soil, plants grew bad in that soil last year meter said soil was poor so think it my be right, tested the new bags of garden soil it said it was on the high side of ideal soil so it my grow a better garden we will see but all indications show it my be a good meter
This burner has now been installed for a whole summer. It appears to be rusting already and it does not cook evenly. I guess you get what you paid for. I should have gone with the genuine Weber replacement burner.
I really don't think it works
I THINK THEY SHOULD MAKE THESE OUT OF STRONGER OR THICKER MATERIAL, THEY BEND EASILY WITH THE PUMP SUCTION OBVIOUSLY PULLING ON THEM.
This may be a great product. Unfortunately it smelled so horrendous that I had to throw it out. I tried sealing it in plastic bags and keeping it inside a closet, but the smell simply permeated the entire closet. Unfortunately I don't think I was able to give a fair test. I bought it for use on indoor plants.
Great product, very strong. I ordered 5 of them. One would think though that someone at the production facility would have noticed that the heads of the included screws are smaller than the bracket holes, making them useless... hopefully, I used my own stainless steel screws.
These worked just fine for our Christmas lights but I liked the lights so much I left them up all year. These clips started breaking about 9 months in and the lights fell down. Do not buy unless you intend to only use them temporarily.
Ear was cracked and broken into 3 pieces.
I ordered two; one arrived with large patched of the finish missing, and the other appears normal. Pretty pots, though it would be nice if smaller sizes were available.
Very tiny, but also very healthy! All four still healthy!
The included remote does not work with the string. Very pretty around my nutcrackers though.
Works ok. Have used better
It was not easy to figure out and took awhile to finally get the proper parts for the pool. Once we figured it out it worked pretty good. It just was not what I expected.. I thought there would be more of a water display..
mature geese just ignore them.
The red needle is laying loose inside. I would like it replaced . Thank You
Plant, once repotted since it was so beat up and all soil lost in shipping is lovely and is recovering nicely. Container was too small, stems were bent and had to be staked. All soil was dumped into box which was wet and one side had split.
lights not the brightest but they're cute
Haven't use product yet but from the look of things it may do the small jobs
I have really like the way my flag stays untangled. The parts that spin are unique and very effective. However, the ring that attaches the bottom of the flag to the pole is plastic and not up to the task of heavier winds. Recently the ring snapped and rendered the flag pole useless.
Looks like it is sturdy and made to last, and that it will eventually be a great product. However, the 'training' bolts are cheap and strip extremely easily; these were tightened so much and stripped so fast that I couldn't even get them unscrewed to use the training adaptations. Made it work with some screws temporarily, but would be nice if the $100 contraption got sturdy screws with it. Hope it holds up in the weather
The net in this bundle has bigger holes so it won't catch anything except big particles or leaves on the pool
Love the hose for its flexibility and such however it is ripping away due to the cloth nature. Each expansion and contraction iver cement driveway causes damage. Wish ut were not happening.
I know why it came with so much tubing. It is constantly blowing the line due to water pressure. If the heads were double spiked it would prevent a lot of the blow-offs. The heads do a fantastic job, the system works as described the majority of the time. However, it the hose you are using for the misters is in the sun, you may want to run water through the hose until the water comes out cold, because if you don't, you're going to blow the line.
A bit lighter weight than I hoped, but seems well made. Bought back in July 2018 and a good portion has faded significantly
Received incorrect sprinkler head. Package labeled correctly.
I thought I was buying a statue of a cute little girl with a bird, but (my mistake) when I opened the box I wanted to put this thing back in and set it outside. It's so big and creepy I feel like I should keep raw hamburger in the freezer in case it comes alive at night. If you're looking for something that is reminiscent of the term "little girl," this isn't it!
I ordered this to replace the one that had ripped. When I opened the package the first thing I noticed is how small the net was. It will work for now but I probably should have paid more attention to detail.
Nice tent, but did I miss something with the fact the tent doesn't come with everything you need for the tent to use . Must buy additional truss to hold tent up. Went out tonight for my 6 year old to camp in back yard and discovered there is no frame ! 😂😂😂
Showed up somewhat squished and needed to be pulled/pushed back in to shape. The result wasn't perfect, but OK for a backyard firepit.
It shipped very fast
Product arrived in box that wasn't in good shape! Stainless steel top was damaged in 3 places! Contacted company for replacement top they were very helpful! Unfortunately the replacement top never arrived!
I'm not sure if I didn't shake it well enough or if it's just the amount of sodium laureth sulfate, but this is a lot more sudsy than the previous spray I used. I know that you need to do a multi-pronged approach to this problem, so I can't necessarily blame this product for the fact that I'm still getting bites 4 days after spraying. The other product I used 10 months ago seemed to work better than this one. It also contained the sodium laureth sulfate, but had another ingredient that I suspect made it more effective.
Just received this today. The box was totally damaged, so much so that it was open. This could be the reason we are missing the hardware and instructions. Lucky enough I have some bolts, but will have to make a stop at the local hardware store for some extras(little annoying). But it looks nice! I'm able to figure out how it goes together and goes up, I think. So far so good. Wish I had all the pieces though.
I did not like the sticker on each piece. It did not come clean and I had to remove adhesive with a cleaner. Also, the hole size was too small for some of my sprinkler heads. I had to enlarge hole, which was a pain
Colors are nice but hard to change with remote. Does not change or stay on long when submerged in a 70 gallon pond however works in a shallow fountain.
Missing screw/washers 2 weeks later still waiting for part to assemble one of the chairs.
This is a very pretty lamp but was way too large for my area. Too tall and the 3 arms hang out way too far for my den. I would love to send it back, but will probably cost too much to ship it.
Functions like expected, but bracket does not keep it attached to my metal frame pool. I had to buy a u-bolt to keep it attached (only a few dollars at the local hardware store).
The lights look great and everything but when I connect both sets of lights the black box starts rattling. It doesnt if I connect just one, either or. but once both are connected it starts rattling on the inside. Anyone have the same problem?
Almost 25 feet didn't light after I spent two hours purring them on my deck
It works for holding down the tent post, but the wind still crashed the tent ...
Good material there should be more drain holes for rain but in todays world they always cheat some were
Good cheaper flag but very thin
The extension cord that come with it broke very quickly
Product works, but not the easiest to handle
Only about half of the cuttings took root. Out of those, some sort of fungus killed several. I'm still giving 3 stars because I can't say with 100% certainty that the issues I encountered were entirely the fault of the product. Also, when I got the cuttings, almost all appeared healthy. It made it all the more tragic when so many died.
The description "Ultimate" gives the impression it has everything you need for hanging your hammock. However, without an "S" hook you aren't swinging in it anytime soon. It does seem like good hardware though.
I used this in a pool drain. Seemed to be made cheap. Had to grind it down to make it fit.
Birds are messy eaters. There's a design flaw that allows the bird seed that is thrown around during feeding to slip behind the tray and get lodged between the backside of the feeder and the tray. It ends up pushing the tray out a little from the feeder and thus allows even more seed to get lodged. It's not a deal breaker but there are clear feeders out there where the tray is slid through an open bottom and the feed that's tossed around goes back into the feed tray or falls to the ground making clean up and waste much easier to deal with.
Fits nicely but a seam broke within a few weeks. Need someting to last in intense summer heat
We were very happy with this umbrella and took good care of it, tying it up with storms. It broke however, at the tilt push button. based on how it broke it appears is plastic, not steel or fiberglass as expected. poor quality interior.
I'm very disappointed with the lack of diversity in the seeds. Only ONE moon flower seed! I should have just bought the seed packages separately from the store. Would have cost the same, and I would have more moon flower seeds!
Fit onto my vac OK, really had to tie it down with tie wrap to get it to stay. No shoulder harness of any kind to support it while using the vac so it hangs in the way and sometimes pinches the entrance. Same cheap zipper designed that caused me to have to replace mine in the first place. Fortunately they come as a pair because they won't last long.
One connector is acting up not seating correctly. Kind of dangerous.
The way the handle hits my palm when I'm digging started to give me a blister after only one day of using it. It's sturdy, which is great, and it's a good price, but that end piece with the hole in it just doesn't fit my hand very well.
This is a great hand tool but I wish the handle extended to be able to use it while standing or with more range.
My dislike about this delivery . doesn't ring a door bell or even knock. Anyone could of pass by and take it
not sure of manufacturing process but holes not clean cut... but I got so many for price I just changed the ones that would not mist just a stream
Thank you for how you packaged them, showed a lot of care. I love my babies but also I wanted four of the same and was sent only two that looked like the picture. One of the leaves I had to cut back because it started rotting. Hope they do well. Besides those lil things they look great the care in packaging has me feeling that I will continue to buy from here. Uploading pictures.
I bought this to remove weeds in hard southwest desert soil. Very difficult (and sometimes painful) because the top of the blade is too narrow to use your foot/leg to help drive it into the soil. Probably would work well in soft loamy soil.
I went throw 1 gal and had to buy another and i don't see any difference. I don't know how long i have to put this stuff in my pond. I will have to bring my fish in for the winter soon.
They came unharmed but weren't well packaged so I was surprised they weren't broken. I read up on how to use them but when I put them in, they water leaks far too fast as the openings are very large-so I'm a little confused how it would last when I leave on vacation for a week? However, I've read the reviews that they've worked for others so maybe I'm missing something?
can only trim half an inch branches
Next time I will look for something made of stainless steel.
Not sure why the reviews are so high; the quality of this umbrella is low. It's made of plastic that easily breaks. The crank was broken on arrival, so we had I had to glue it twice with superglue.
The spitter has no way to stop the leaking due the to low quality. I put a washer and silicone grease and still unable to stop the leaking.
Had to have GMG ship me new parts that were defective on original grill but works fine now. I can not figure out how, after many attempts, to connect iPhone and grill to my Verizon WiFi
Not nearly as bright as I had hoped, but it works per the specifications. Sun hits the panel, charges the light, illuminates at night. Voila.
More coral in color than pink. Well crafted, but tip over a lot! They come with anchors to hold them into soil, mulch, did, but the anchors are too shallow to be effective. I had to repaint in krylon flamingo pink paint, then bury feet deep in mulch, and put bricks across feet to anchor them, then cover with mulch. Too expensive for these issues.
A lot smaller than expected. Very thin walls, won't work for winter unless insulated somehow.
So first off, the product itself works great but I purchased this set along with the STAUBER pole, because I saw it had good reviews. I also figured since it was the same company, it should all work beautifully. The problem I've got is that the socket on these suctions cups is smooth but the pole is threaded. If I install a suction cup onto the end of their extending pole, I have to then use the screw it comes with to lock it in place. Problem is that it destroys the threads on the pole. Why 2 different systems like that?
I reported this failure to Seller, had an e-mail requesting a contact number, and have never heard back about how to replace it. I finally had to go to a store and buy a hose because I needed to water!
Didn't work as far as u could tell ended up using a service
Received damaged box see pictures
These can do the job, but they are very flimsy and kind of detach from themselves. The pieces just stay together temporarily in my experience. They work well to keep the important parts elevated and off the ground, but they're just not a 5 star product. The stem legs detach, the 2 sides don't line up very well, and you'll have to play with them upon setup and most likely a little over time. Just ok, but you can play with them to make things work.
Very very thin. Will not last. If you have a gazebo that needs ask an awning company to make you one from Sunbrella fabric. Pay more but will last 10-15 years vs 1-2 yrs
Thinner then expected. Hope it last through winter last one had ripped after few months if this does the same definitely going back for full refund they say 8yrs warranty 🤣
I ordered two of these- coral and apricot. Both plants arrived COMPLETELY bare (no leaves- just stalks and thorns) with just a tiny bit of growth left on the tip of one stalk. The soil they were in was absolutely soaked so thoroughly that if the plants sat at the post office one extra day, I'd be very very concerned about root rot. I'll admit that two leaves left on each plant (literally two leaves on each plant) does look very healthy, but it's going to take these plants quite a bit of time and TLC to get growing again, and after they stabilize and grow out, it will take a bit of time after that for them to begin blooming. So these roses are definitely a bit of a DIY situation. These are NOT the kind of plant you give for gifts, or starter plants to get you going with gardening. You'd be much better off going to your local nursery/garden center and starting out there. I love Drift roses (they do well in container gardens in the humid, hot Florida climate) and they are difficult to find locally, so I order them online. I order a ton of plants online, and I have to say that the four drift roses (coral, peach, apricot, and popcorn) have all arrived in really bad condition when compared to all of the other plants I have ordered in my eight years gardening. But the last two Drift roses I ordered bounced back within two or three months, and I really *love* them, so I went ahead and got the coral and peach to add to my collection. The first two looked like they got torched with fire, and then these two came completely bald, so none of the four arrived in good condition. But, like I said, I think with a bit of TLC, an immediate repot (get them out of that soggy soil and plastic container ASAP!) and some patience, the Drift roses do tend to bounce back. Just be ready to do some digging and repotting and tending to when they arrive- don't leave them sitting in the box a few days.
Worked as expected just noticed some misalignment of the hinges and the lock hook. Not sure if this stand the abuse.
Nice plants. Just not as pictured for me.. I ordered the pastel colored plants for Easter and they are all just green. Which is better than brown!! So the quality isnt the issue.. great packaging, heating pad was still warm, all around great, just got the wrong ones. ☹
This did not fit my craftsman model as it needed to have a star pattern center hole.
I assembled it without much problem until I had to push the metal pole/handle into the bottom casing, instructions say to use a lubricant which we did but I cannot get it to go all the way down into the housing as a result I cannot secure it with the screw.....I pushed as hard as I could as did my husband......nevertheless I moved the pot I needed to and it worked
Leaks water out of the back of the handle on the top. Its super cute though. Im having my boyfriend try to fix it for me.
Really to strong for a birdbath, it just empties the bath, cute in pond, but nothing special.
These are ok. You need 5 or 6 for a good size pool. We bought 2 and it wasn't nearly enough to light up the pool. 1 or 2 would be good for a hot tub
Not high quality but then again for 30 bucks a piece was worth it. I don't se these lasting more than 3 years max. Parts are already rusting and I've had them for about 5 months
Description states that the aerator shoes come fully assembled. They are not assembled what so ever. You must screw in all the spikes, attach the nuts, and thread all the straps.
Flavor from the pellet is really mild but is good. The pellets burn really fast, I was actually quite surprised that they were gone so fast. I would recommend these for cooking chicken, turkey, fish, vegetables, pizza or anything you want just a mild smoke flavor in.
Good for the price but very limited in what it can do.
Received package and the little steak sign was broken.
Overall it Seems okay but after 2 months my crabgrass came back. So you will either have to continue purchasing this product to keep the great results or try something else.
It is not very sturdy. Cheaply made
Works as long as the snow is light and if the extension cord is long enough. Fit and finish are suspect as mine has a bit of a misaligned posture. I'd recommend another snow blaster for the price.
Well made product. Not real easy to assemble and I assemble a lot of stuff and written instructions aren't real clear.
I owned this for 1 week, returned it for a refund cause I didn't need it after all.
Does not zap efficiently. Killed a few though.
Decent for price, they do rust and they do bend if you are putting them into any surface with "much resistance". Into grass, soft dirt fine, into gravel under artificial turf you will send many until you find softer spot
it does the job but it didn't even last 2 year before it broke. I am try out this warranty now to see if this will work out
My cockatoo didnt really like it
It's okay and helped some with fruit flies ... But didn't do what I thought it should ... Caught more flies with dishes of vinegar.. Makes a great night light
I was looking for a stand for my Costco umbrella because their stands cost more than the umbrella. This one is not the answer. First, the bottom is too rounded, not flat enough. The tube that holds the umbrella tube grabs okay but since it is NOT secured to the base, the umbrella spins with the slightest breeze. Even filled with water, it tips over with no more than a gentle breeze. I am going to try sand and water mix but this stand is very unstable as is. I am adding another caution...my umbrella has a tilt function. Unusable with this stand because of the spin problem
The plants are nice but whoever is packing them needs a helping hand, they all arrived with no soil, the taped parts were mediocre, all loose in box, also if you are going to sell for shipping consider watering prior to shipping, two were moist and one dry and leaves are almost dry. Looks like its salvageable, I hope. The plants themselves are nice sized, green and thick stalks, good sign. Pack better and water prior to shipping.
Small than I was expecting. But still cute.
Soft like a toothbrush. Deceptive product description.
Need to order replacement plastic stake. Love this product. Works well keeping the geese away.
Very nice color but show dirt. We have two small dogs and I constantly have to wipe/ wash the cushions.
Does seem to bother the deer, but no effect on birds, turkeys and squirrel.
Does not prevent flare ups at all.
Didn't last as long as I wanted them to.
Very low water pressure. Not good for cleaning cars. Good for gardening.
Works well at keeping birds away but absolutely nothing for squirrels which is what we need it for. Also not sure why the review is asking about motion detection as this is just wind driven although I've never seen the head move in the wind.
We were looking for solar lights for our yard so we didn't have to run electrical cables to light our house and Halloween decorations and we came across these since they had really great reviews. Pros: – Very bright with two different brightness levels – Sturdy stakes – Large solar panel – You can unscrew the top cap to put in colored gels to color the light Cons: – The light is 'daylight' meaning it's a very blue color, not 'white' like the title says – The angle of the solar panel is limited. You can't rotate the panel left or right...only up or down, so placement is a bit limited depending on where the sun is. If you could use a 'ball head' type of connector for the solar panel, that would be ideal. This way you would have an approximate 360 degree angle for the light source giving you more options for placement.
We ordered 2 extra straps for each side, still waiting to receive them, otherwise it is easy to operate, sags a little in the middle.
Well made product. Seems to be doing its job. Instructions are funny to read. Be sure and check that out. Its foreign made, but good product.
One of the main legs locking mechanisms was broke, right out of the box. The canopy still worked, but if one of the mechanisms on one of the other legs was to fail it would not stay up. I bought this because I felt it was higher quality than others, and I think it is, but I got a defective one.
I installed it in October, so we're already getting less sunlight per day. I was hoping it would keep the battery topped off, but it's still draining down to about 60-70% every couple weeks, so I have to also use a plug-in charger. Maybe it will work better when there's more daylight. I do have it pointed directly at the southern sky for maximum exposure on the windshield with the suction cups.
It's not what I thought, to many pieces.
I bought these to hang light all around my house. On the gutters these worked great. I could not get them to fit on my shingles though. My roof is brand new and that might be the issue.
It must be in full sun ..if it has the slightest shade it will not pump
Unfortunately, even after following all the directions to a T, only the cilantro is actually growing well. The kit is really high quality, and I don't doubt there is some human error (I have black thumbs). I wouldn't dissuade anyone from purchasing this.
On the positive side, the shredder works very well. The leaves were finely shredded and made great mulch. I was disappointed in how much 'babysitting' the shredder needed. I was expecting to fill the hopper with leaves, turn around to grab another batch and turn back to an empty hopper. Instead, I had to basically keep pushing down until the first batch went through. I eventually learned to gradually trickle in the leaves rather than dump in a load, but the whole process took a lot longer than I thought it would. The reason for the three stars though is poor quality control. Two of the three legs came out of the box defective. There's a button that is supposed to keep the legs attached to the base that was defective on two legs. The unit was fine when it was stationary, but the legs kept falling off every time I needed to move it to a new pile of leaves. Very disappointing. Hopefully I can get SunJoe to send me two new legs for the unit.
I like the fact that this wagon carries a lot and that I don't have to do as much lifting as I did with the oversized grocery cart that I had been using. It is very sturdy, and it folds up into a sufficiently small space that it easily fits into the trunk without using the entire space. What I do not like is that the handle is very short. So am I, and it's a problem for me, let alone my 6' husband. There is a cover that fits over the folded wagon, and from the picture I assumed that I could wheel it back down to the car using the handle on top of this cover. Unfortunately, this isn't the case, as the wheels wobble so much that it falls over every few steps (actually, the wheels wobble somewhat even when I'm toting the loaded wagon). The upshot is that I have to fold it up and carry it down to the car to refit to the trunk. I find that I avoid using it on occasions when I would have opened that grocery cart to carry the load I had. Because this wasn't a cheap product and because I gave my grocery cart way, I'll keep it. I want to emphasize again, however, that this wagon is very sturdy and well made.
I bought the wrong size, otherwise it seems to be a quality product.
Bigger than expected
I like this and it is very pretty, but the description should be 'orange red".
I bought it to repel flies really couldn't tell a difference.
It is a beautiful ITEM for the yard, however the boxing is extremely big and heavy considering the size of the article, I was charged for "Heavy" article when tried to import it to my country using courier service.
I had issues where these blades would bog down my mower. I have a 26 HP mower, and these seemed to bog down the mower occasionally and also cause rough cuts when that occurs. I switched them out for standard blades.
I love the power, and once i had all the little things worked out, this is a very good weed wacker. The set screw that holds the power head from rotating broke rather quickly. I had to use hose clamps to keep the entire shaft from rotating. This fixed the problem. It's strong, a little heavy, but definitely a worth a look. I did some heavy weeds with no problem.
I got this set for my birthday and I was so excited. But 6 months later half of the tools are broken. It's also very difficult to get all the tools back into the case so I put them in a garden bag and the case is trash. I wanted this set to last awhile. At least until my next birthday. I will say the small clippers are amazingly sharp. However the larger ones are dull.
The description says this model comes with the extra straps. This is my 2nd one and it does NOT come with the extra straps.
Followed instruction started after tilling and planted garden spread it weekly got more weeds
I was excited to get this for baseball season and it already has a large rip in it. I will need to buy another one next year.
I like the look of these but they are just not bright at all
Brought this to use to carry my snacks for a trip to disney the 1st day the hand broke. It did keep my food and drinks cold but didn't like the fact the handle broke on 1st use.
Looks great until used. Look out for the paint. Guess it's only one coat unsealed. Don't get any 'goof off' within a mile of it, and watch for chips.
three days after using this and other deterrents there were signs of rodents in my engine compartment. maybe it takes time i will continue to use and hope for the best.
This product is kind of hard to handle. It works okay but when you first assemble it, it is not easy to align the rings and keep them in one spot.
The needle that shuts off fuel when bowl is full is missing from the kit. I received the package on time just missing a piece.
Worked 5 days... Loved it for a minute
I've bought this in the local store before and it's been fine but I'm disappointed with how Amazon shipped it. Broken tablets and powder all over the box. Hazardous that they don't secure chemicals at all before shipping.
Cheap not worth the price
It worked well for what we needed it was just a little flimsy.
Nothing wrong with these. They are just what I expected but I did find out I could get the large ones for about .30 at store. Pay for home delivery I guess on this one.
If you wear a half size go up a size! Runs a little snug! Love colors and chicken pattern! Very bright and clear! A little shorter than I anticipated!
Takes way to long to assemble. Could have shipped mostly assembled in about a 25 percent larger box.
What I like the most is that it is the correct oil filter for Generac Generators. What I like the least is that the product is made in INDIA for a fraction of the selling price. Generac is a company that most likely does the majority of it's business in North America with foreign components. I am beginning to wonder how many of the components in Generac Generators are not American Made.
Worked just fine for almost a year. This evening I thought I smelled something dead out back and upon inspection, heard and smelled propane leaking from the tank fitting where the hose connects to the black fitting that screws onto the big tank. Can't imagine why it just decided to start leaking. I don't move the grill around and I wasn't straining the connection. Will try again with a similar hose from a different company.
Stops in the corner, moves sideway
Was okay but does not reach the distance of 50'. Is also very heavy. I have a 75' one from a different manufacturer and I like it much better
Nematodes are awesome but buy loose ones that you can sprinkle on the soil. This ball contains 8 sachets to put on the soil and water over. They don't work anywhere near as well as the nematodes you put directly on the soil.
It doesn't stand straight when the feeder is full.
WHY did this happen? Have had a few days, was working well until I went out this morning and gnats did NOT go in, but they are dead. Just wondering how many got away. This jar is NOT full.
No good. I do not know what Is,but it is no good.
Ease to put up,stirdy and fills fast
The fuel filters had the wrong size outside diameter. The ones they sent were to fit the larger hose but the ones I needed for for the smaller hose. They sent two. Maybe one was for the larger 1 and the other was for the smaller but they were both the same size
Fits well. Poorly made. Will be lucky to make it 1 summer of use.
Still working to grow the clover in the area I needed it. It is growing but not as thick as I thought it would.
The large gloves are WAY smaller than other women's large gloves on the market. It will be very uncomfortable to garden in these.
They were easy to assemble. You need very big feet in order for them to fit properly. I had my husband use them. They worked good.
I like it and used it quite a bit then the piece you push down to make the dimple for the stuffing came unglued. It's a shame I really liked it.
It works had to go buy connection but it works
The plant did not have any leaves until now. I was thinking this might be scammed.
I expected it to come with a cord. Or at least it should have stated NEEDS CORD!!! So now I have to figure out which cord to get while the weeds get taller.
Was not expecting it to be plastic
I bought 3 of these cute feeders. Unfortunately, one of the units came damaged. One of the feeder ports is missing and I can't use the feeder at all because there is a hole where the port should be. Would love to get a replacement so I can use it.
Bought this for my succulent and cacti for the winter. The instructions were a bit confusing. Part of the zipper is already broken. Have to zip tie the shelves to the frame. Hope it survives the winter.
Refills too expensive. I do the bromine with store bought bromine and refill original myself. I do not believe it is any easier than just doing the typical bromine floater. I don't see any real benefit of the mineral cartridge.
Had some germination around 5 percent
Small, but small and short when unfolded as well. Tends to get loose and needs retightening. Not bad for the price I guess.
It works for baiting but didn't kill the ants very well
I purchased a keyed switch for my later model craftsman garden tractor. The switch worked and replaced the switch that was in my tractor. It arrived quickly. Unfortunately the item I received was different from the photograph.I paid a bit more to get the switch with white painted status symbols on the switch. I'd make sure if you purchase you check out with them what you will actually be receiving.
These little containers look amazing in pictures. Colors are earthy and not vibrant as shown in the advertized picture. I was really excited about the one with the really dark and prominent eyes. As well as, the one with the dark chest feathers. Mine are very blah. In person they are really small. In fact, too small to hold any of my succulents. Four of them have a rough feel and look like they didn't get finished in the painting process. Not sure if that is how they are supposed to be. I'm going to keep them. Just won't be able to use them how I originally planned.
One of the bags in the 5 pack had a hole in it straight out of the bag. Can't figure out how to replace just the one or contact the seller in Amazon's options.
I like a powerful spray sometimes & this one can't deliver that.
Beautiful hose with gold metal parts (couplings/connectors), black hose. Works well (inflates when filled with water, deflates to original size when hose is left unattached to let all the water escape after use). Nozzle needs to be attached for hose to expand and needs to be detached (or have to keep spraying to get rid of all the water in the hose) for hose to deflate back to original size. Takes up very little room. Would be satisfactory for watering a few potted plants but is not practical for watering a yard because of the low water pressure/low flow rate. Am switching back to a standard rubber hose.
good oil but price sucks
UPDATE: I was able to get a replacement for the set. But Amazon return process was just short of a nightmare. I had to call amazon 4 times to get everything picked up. They kept only providing 1 return slip for all 5 boxes and kept telling me it was ok. However, UPS wanted 5 unique return slips for each box. I took off of work to be home for the pickup appointment time, but UPS was never notified the first time. So I took off of work and sat home for nothing. I'm still happy with my purchase and really like the set. EDIT: Firepit no longer works, stays lit for 3 minutes then fades out. It appears to be an issue with the dial What I like: Everything was delivered in 3 days and none of the boxes were destroyed. Everything was easy to put together. The chairs seem to be well made, I like how the 2 cushions velcro together to stay in place. The firepit look nice, maybe a little more attention to detail could have been used. But that's just nitpicking. I like how the firepit and side table/tank holder have adjustable feet to make level. What I didn't like: I had serious issues trying to get the fire pit to light. At first I thought I had too much lava rocks, so I removed all. Then I thought I had an issue with my tank and swapped it with my grill tank to be sure. Then I thought I had an issue with the propane gas line connections. Then I thought I had issues with the dial on the firepit. Apparently you have to press the dial in once you turn it to on, then hit the lighter. I was just turning the dial on and clicking the lighter and nothing was happening. I also don't like that it's $60 cheaper today than when I purchased it 3 days ago. In summary, I'm happy with my purchase. And I'm glad that I also purchased covers for everything as to keep it from sun fading.
This Product Does Help But It Did Not Solve My Problem Completely I am Still Fighting The Battle To Get Ride Of Roaches
If you use this in a small area that only needs a small amount of water pressure, it will leak pretty bad at the joint between the base an the twirling blades.
Takes two hands to assemble, but it is a good bargain greenhouse for my orchid.
Liner had a leak in it somewhere we never could find it just the puddle outside of the pool and the filter didn't like to run other than that nice pool
I SPRAY LIQUID FENCE FOR DEER AND THIS PRESSURE SPRAYER, LIKE ALL OTHERS I HAVE HAD, STOPS SPRAYING? I HAVE USED IY SINCE I GOT IT. STARTED OUT ALL WAS WELL. I CAN NOT FIGURE OUT WHY IT STOPPED?. SO I KEEP BUYING DIFFERENT BRANDS. THE DEER HAVE A FEROCIOUS APPETITE FOR MY LILIES. I HAVE HAD TO RESORT TO A SPRAY BOTTLE BUT HANDS ARE NOW ARTHRITIC AND IT'S SO PAINFUL. I LOST MY BATTLE TO THE DEER AGAIN.
This isn't an easy fly trap, u have to work to find the “sweet spot” when u fo it awesome!
The ladder had holes on the outside part don't hold water. We had to tape it with duct tape.
It looks nicer from farther away. I do think the price was a bit steep. My "glass" arrived with a big scratch down the side. Be warned the "glass" is more like plastic.
The globes were as expected but one of them was broke. I received the replacement but it doesn't seem like the water is flowing out. I check on my plants throughout the week and the water is still there even the next week. Not sure why maybe they work better on smaller plants.
Does not work for what I need. It's been here for 3 days and says ineligible for return. Amazon refunded the money, but I had to reach out to them for it.
bought for my son for Christmas, by February it was already have problems. i thought this was supposed to be a top of the line product?
This worked pretty good when I first installed it on my old Craftsman mower deck. Now it doesn't work, removed it and the metal part has broken off flush with the underside of the deck.
The item description makes absolutely no mention that the door doesn't swing open. It slides up inside the drum like a pocket door. This design causes the door to get jam and get stuck when peat moss or compost sticks in the channel needed for the door to slide open. The clip for the drum is not very heavy duty either. I wound up returning this one and bought the one made by SEYMOUR MIDWEST. It sells for the same price on other sites and the door has a hinge so it opens like a regular door. However, even the clip on the Seymour Midwest unit is also bit flimsy.
The ignition module went out after one day.
I liked the design and had got one earlier as a gift. This is my second purchase from the same seller, but it came chipped and am disappointed as it was a last-minute gift. Would think twice now if I needed a gift.
I thought the set came with the back cushion.....I'm very disappointed....only the seat cushions are included.😡
Does not stay together very well.
It is a good piece for storing shoes, but don't sit on it if you are over 100 pounds. Also, directions were not the clearest and instead of puncturing holes to access screw ports, the fabric was burned, and in some places poorly. All in all, it's about what i expected.
They were easy to use, but after 1 month outside under a canopy they are beginning to rust
It does not come out water well as it should be.
It came a week late. The box and contents were dented.
I like the LEDs the only problem I ordered this and needed more re-order the exact same one they were two different colors white and A soft white both were marked though soft white they didn't notice till I cut them up
Convenient, easy to install. Motion not so smooth. Doesn't rotate well, flag gets wrapped around pole a lot.
Good condition, but not good size
It's probably fine, but it won't fit in my room. Too tall. Tried to shorten the pole, but no luck.
This is pretty, but I wanted to use it indoors as a suncatcher. I thought the glass was transparent, but it is matte. It seems to have been sandblasted or otherwise textured. The strings are super thin and are just regular string, not plastic line or wire. If it lasts longer than one season outdoors, I'll be shocked. I am keeping the product but I'll have to find a sheltered place to hang it and I'm disappointed that I won't get any rainbow light effects out of it.
The birdbath is plastic instead of metal as I thought it was. Threads didn't match to it is crooked. Disappointed.
It's been 3 weeks since I sprayed this stuff at the recommended dosage on the Wild Violet in my yard. A couple of the leaves are just starting to curl up, but the majority of it seems to be unaffected by it. I did spray some clover with it and it does seem to be slowly killing the clover.
All th he fibers are coming off. Really thin.
Papa loved it Was a bit difficult to put together though
The lid was damaged, if you look at other reviews with images youll see what I'm talking about. I had the same damage as the others. it must be damaged before packing because the box was in perfect condition. I was lucky that it was found before they were finished assembling it because they were able to repack it. Amazon did give me a refund and will send a service to pick it up (so I dont have to drop it off) Amazon did great. but I am disappointed in Weber, I did not expect this kind of quality and to see that there are many others with the exact same damage from the factory.
Pretty cheaply made; the sides come apart often
I had good luck with the large version of this trap. I could only catch baby rats, but they stayed in the trap. I set 5 of the extra large traps last night. Four out of five had been tipped over and the bait end removed. Apparently when the trap is on the side the rat can scrabble the end loose. Tonight I will duct tape the ends shut! The war goes on.
Ordered these plants along with other water plants for my outdoor fish pond. These survived all the others died within 2 days. Not to happy with how plants were shipped but as long as they survive great.
The umbrella works ok, but it makes a lot of noise in the wind.
cheap, won't last if abused.
Ordered two, and only one of them would spray properly. :(. Also saw ants within a few days.
I bought two and the first one assembled well, however, the other one did not. I contacted the business and they offered a discount and suggested I get someone to repair it. I don't think so......I ended up trashing it. The one we have works great but I'm disappointed with the other bench.
I bought this hose to water my vegetables It is lightweight, easy to maneuver, and stores nicely. I'm pretty happy with it, but it is pricey. Beware if you need a full flowing hose. This is not it. The stream is weak compared to my standard 75' 5/8" hose. I did a bucket fill test with both hoses. My standard hose filled the bucket in 22 seconds and the Flexi Hose took 70 seconds. Just one third of the flow from the hoses without a nozzle.
Material is much thinner than in the past. Should hold up ok, but not same product quality from 2000
Really beautiful, super easy to put up but when it's all said and done I noticed that the lace is completely cut on one side. It's not folded over, the tips of the lace are literally cut off. Defective? It's already up 😔
Good bug catcher but doesn't catch enough.
I would give it more stars but the canopy leaks like crazy. No way you can sit under it during a rain storm. As a sunshade it will work great. Nicely constructed and easy to assemble.
Needed to be modified
had to buy a separate adapter for it to connect to the hose and it always leaks a little for me as well while i'm spraying the car, I would say it is pretty affordable however.
Doubt that it will hold up to Florida's climate but it's still nice for now.
The pots were packed very well. However there were scratches and fading on the pots.
Wish they were adjustable in regards to how much mist comes out. It drenched the patio.
They have caught some bed bugs, but a small number have also climbed through I'm sorry to say. I have three different brands of these devices at the moment and all seem comparable in this respect. They should not be considered as a 100% solution to keeping these resourceful creatures from getting into bed with you.
Cheaply made, straps don't hold well
My 6 year old daughter was so excited to see that her picnic basket had arrived today. Just in time for the beautiful weather here in New England. Very disappointed to open up the basket and find not one, but two of the glasses were broken. For $79.99 I would expect either A) better packaging for glassware or B) better customer service when trying to get the glasses replaced. I've read other reviews about glasses arriving broken and the plates being chipped. There's a problem if multiple people are reporting these issues. People, like myself, are expecting a high quality product for $80. This isn't a cheap picnic basket. I opted for a better basket thinking I could start a tradition with my daughter of having picnics at area playgrounds, parks and going to the beach. Hoping this basket and it's contents would last for years. Yes the basket itself is lovely and I like the three basket center compartments to place odds and ends. I would have given this basket a glowing 5 star review but can't when half the glasses are broken.
This product does what it should. However, the fabric does get an ugly dirty appearance. I've only had it for a couple of months now and it has turned brown on the bottom half.
Would probably work fine in a fireplace, however not so good for a wood stove. Some minor changes would make this a much better shovel for a stove. (1) A square shaft is much better than round (2) A sharper angle where shaft attaches to shovel (3) Tighter rivets attaching shovel to shaft (4) Handle that will stay tight on shaft, have to use vise grips to tighten handle onto shaft almost daily (5) The shovel/scoop portion could be larger. The shovel that this one replaced was used from 2011 and maybe before. Will try some lock tight on threads.
The two batteries included do not power the mower to finish my small yard. It is very light and stores in a small area.
Don't forget to get sand bags or something like that . The smartest amount of wind is going to blow it over. I should have just got the one with the fillable base!
This is a very pretty feeder, however it arrived with one the yellow flowers missing. I emailed the company hoping to get just the flower replacement but never heard back (and this over a month ago at this point). My hummingbirds don't seem to care for it though. They will use it if the others are empty, but it is not even close to being one of their favorites. Funny enough, they actually use the port where the flower is missing, so I wonder if it's the flowers they don't like about it. The fill hole is pretty small because the glass is so thick. The opening is about an inch, maybe less, making it kind a difficult to fill without spilling.
Not sure yet.. Only had it for two days..
Works great took two people to fill
My pergola is 10 feet above my balcony, the sunshade would be great if a person could leave it up all of the time. But the instructions said to not leave it in the wind or bad weather, We must have gotten a big wind the very first night I had it up, and two of the ties broke off. 😡 Fail!
Quality seems good. But all pictures show standard/warm white. Actual product is a cool, almost blue white. Not what I wanted.
Good basic umbrella. Ask me again after hurricane season.
Filter came in damaged- like it Just need a replacement
I grow plants indoors, they seem to respond well to the lighting versus those without. My only concern is the plug, it seems to get extremely hot to touch whenever I need to unplug it so I frequently have to turn it off and let it cool
Good price bad quality
Very light weight plastic. Rarely last the swimming season.
Red extremely faded in 3 months
Trimmer is great. Blower is a waste. Try and find the trimmer with a second battery instead.
it cuts grass without mulching for cleaner cuts
I loved this item, and I ordered another one, but the top pieces were not in the box.
germination rate was disappointing 1 out of 12 haven't tried the rest yet.
needle is sensitive and needs to be taped on at times to get the proper reading, but when it works, it seems to be correct. Not sure what it gets caught on, but it even does that during set up. I was hoping for something that could give me a good reading without interfering with it.
Draw string at bottom won't pull tight enough to keep from being blown off , it bunches up at one end , other wise the cover meets my needs.
Only 2 of the 4 units we received worked. That's HALF that did not work!
Only fits cheap hoses made of thin material. Product is solid other than that.
Fits great and works great for protection from the elements. However, as others noted, it will turn white within a couple months. Looks ugly but still does its job.
Bought four strands, all worked for the first couple of times, now one of the strings only one bulb will light up. Otherwise they're very pretty.
Worked well first year, then started to crack and split. Spend extra and get something canvas.
Came in on time. Had to modify to custom fit the chicken coop I made.
These are actually awesome looking and extremely easy to work with. I LOVED them. Until after 3 days they started to fade and then stop lighting entirely. I feel like I was misled about the battery life, not to mention using rather obscure batteries and having to do itty bitty screwdriver surgery on the remote end to replace said batteries. So much for easy to work with. And now I have to order batteries meaning that all my strands are dark now until the batteries get here.
I bought 2 packs of these lights, 6 of the 8 lights works
Wish it was larger to draw more attention
The product add said ``refurbished and tested to function ''. I don't know how this tool was tested because the extensions were impossible to screw together without modification .After studying the problem, I found that I had to file down the rivet heads on the ends of the extensions to make it possible to screw the sections together. After the fix, the saw worked fine but if I had no mechanical skills I would have had to send it back like the customer before me. Just be careful, I know for a fact that this tool could not have been assembled and tested.
did not work as well for me.
Nice sized however the product does not respond to people passing... the mailman and ups guys were not phased by it b/c it never talked! Talk about disappointment when I monitored my video cam in hopes of capturing the funny reactions but it was missed opportunity after missed opportunity! I'm going to new batteries and see if that helps
It worked great for the first 3 weeks, then started leaking and a screw fell out and the handle is loose.
Very attractive feeder but the center does not stay in place. The squirrels are able to move it out of its space.
This is a very nice wind chime. I have it on my porch. Unfortunately one of the pieces became unattached...I'm hoping I can fix it and still enjoy it.
Works wonderfully! Caught 5 mice in 2 days. Unfortunately, both traps broke. I'm going to try a similar product that will hopefully be more sturdy.
Plastic piece that fits around metal holder is too short. It's hard to snap on and if the wind blows to much, it comes unsnapped.
Holy crap this bulb is so bright. Outside only
Easy to install but not very bright at all
Once we put it together, it was not level. but we didn't pay much for it and it is for outside so... we will keep it.
Still leaking which is why I replaced the original one.
These traps are just ok. Unfortunately, they are difficult to keep set, and tend to fly apart when the trap is sprung I would spend a bit more and purchase an American made trap next time.
Track package said it was 'handed off' a day before the estimated delivery date. It wasn't handed off to anyone at my address. Received it Monday - don't know what happened as this has never happened to me before. Rating based on delivery not on product.
The wheeled extension handle does not have a solid connection with the power head. The power head disconnects from the extension handle. I use a Velcro strap to hold it together. Additionally, I have been unable to find a replacement battery. The power head works well as does the trimmer.
Really like this piece but it splashes water everywhere. It's kind of annoying so dont always have it plugged in.
It drops seeds spaced right to the plate, but don't expect it to cut a furrow in anything other than dry, clump free sand. The seed plates also have a tendency to crush seeds instead of lifting. It assembles easy though, and the overall design is pretty good. It's just not very rigid or tight.
Leaks a bit of light all around the zipper seams and through pin holes in the top. But it was cheap and suits my needs.
The hose works and fits a 1.5 inch pipe. It is a bit flimsy though and is starting to have a few leaks after several months of use.
Small for the price.
I really wanted to love this.. good thing I bought extra string because this thing eats the string like it's nothing.. plus I have to take it apart and feed the line back out sometimes, a lot. I only used this twice and it ate through 4 rolls. and this last time I used it, it jammed up and was making a bad sound and now it won't work.. ☹️
Ordering my third one. They only last about 18 months. They do work good but the little motor can't take it for longer than that. It might be a lube problem in the motor.
Bought a set of these lids with lights and figured the batteries that were in them would die quickly which they did. I ordered another set but hadn't opened yet because the first set continues to not always light up even after I put new batteries in them. If you unscrew the top turn the switch off and the. On again they'll work for a little while. I've emailed the company twice now and have not gotten a response. I'm thinking about just returning both sets.
They work great as utensils but do not by any means stick to the side of the grill...the magnet isn't strong at all..
its a fly swatter...
Bottom line is it's probably just not for me but after spending 240 bucks and testing it in every way i can think of it gives me a lot to think about. From my experience it does allow pass through charging (so you can charge it and use it to power something else at the same time) which is great but i only had it powering a small fan and it essentially held the same percentage charge without change while plugged into my wall which is an ideal scenario so i can't imagine it powering anything so well with a solar panel. The I/O is pretty decent and well laid out and the digital read out is pretty nice but the downside is that even tho this whole thing is a matte finish plastic the I/O area is all a really SOFT shiny plastic. most electronics come with a protective film barrier you can peel off and really take in the brand new perfect just out of the box view of your new toy then scratch it up yourself over a long period of time, this came out of the box all scratched up and looking like a beat up floor model at some random store within arms reach of little kids who love to destroy things. And upon inspection it is REALLY easy to add more scratches and gouges just with bare fingers and nails. Looking back i wish i would have gone with my gut and just returned it then. Now i spend more time thinking about what i could use it for than ever actually using it. But if all you need is emergency portable charging for phone's, tablets, laptop, fans, etc then sure it's not bad. Honestly i'm having a hard time finding a use for this thing, for normal every day battery emergencies its too big for convenience so you probably won't have it on you anyway, and i just end up using my small 10,000mah battery packs cuz they're pocket size and can be used anywhere like work in a front pocket, desk or locker. for real battery emergencies like car or motorcycle it doesn't help either, even tho i had this thing with me at the time, there's no way to jump start or charge even my tiny motorcycle battery with this model and i was left stranded. for flashlight emergency, i just use a flashlight. if driving i just use car chargers. if i'm too far from an outlet i can get a longer charging cord or power strips or extension cords. if i need to power anything on a more permanent basis with back up there are better options like for cpap machines, computers, fridges, etc. if it's living out of a van you're after then solar panel the roof and make your own battery array.. if it's big camping we just ended up using the RV's generator for everything, for average camping and really need power get a decent whisper quiet gas generator and maybe use this over night to have some silent power if you chronically forget to charge phones during the day, for light camping or even hiking it would probably be pretty good for an all around power source if you don't mind the extra weight. but even for longer motorcycle rides were i would like to use this in a backpack or saddle bag to keep things 100% the i'd be worried about the I/O arrangement on the front, i imagine i'd be snapping off cables pretty often with all the right angle plugs on the front instead of it all being protected behind a trap door like on some models, and the soft plastic across the front will eventually make all the labels unreadable through the haze of scratches. i had hopes for this thing but i've run into a lot of road blocks, it's decent power for the price but basically for any application i can imagine i'd either go much bigger or much smaller. i guess it's pretty nice for what it is, but for what it is i also never use it. It'll probably end up as a surprise gift to a family member and i'll see what they come up with for it. =)
Extremely small, can not fit much in them & still trying to figure out what to do with them now. Not adequate for planting anything. However they are a nice design which warrants the 3 stars if you can find a purpose for them.
Package is really hard to open initially. Has been put in I'm my garden, haven't seen much of a difference so far.
Much bigger than I expected. Look forward to using it for a Steampunk convention though.
Like that the chair dries fast after a rain. The rockers are noisy-when trying to rock a baby to sleep.
Tough to adjust catch so the trigger is light enough to be set off by squirrels. Still working on modifying it
It was very cute, but it faded really bad. Now it is very light color.
You HAVE to put them together as they are not assembled like the video stated by someone reviewing these for Amazon. Why lie? Also, the backs of the chairs are extremely tilted backwards. Like a recliner. Very odd. The horizontal webbing on the wicker is crooked. Quite obvious and obviously a manufacturers defect.
Great for what I needed them for. Bigger than expected
There is no stainless steel they are plastic! The tip of the base breaks very easily when you put it in ground.
Brush has been stored awkwardly for a long period of time and has caused a section of very flattened bristles which will not stand up, so there is a flat spot.
I don't understand why it leaks water (a fair amount every day). We've had it for a couple of weeks and it's still leaking over the deck. Anyone have an idea? Or do we need to send it back?
This log holder was fairly easy to put together. One issue I had was if you over-tighten the bolts the rack may buckle. The tarp is very thin and cheap plastic. After one snow/ice storm there were holes everywhere. I definitely recommend adding a thicker tarp. Also, beware if this rack is not loaded with wood it will blow over in windy weather! Some wall or floor mounting would have been a nice feature.
It was OK and worked I was a little worried with the packaging because it was a little bent and could have been worse
The package arrived on time but the box was damaged and some item in the inside had bumps and some scratches.
This was horrible to assemble. The bags with the screws didn't match the book. I had to trial and error through the whole thing. I even had to go to Home Depot to buy some correct fitting screws. Very disappointed for a big dollar purchase.
Covers a very small area when you set it to its biggest area. Just shoots way up in the air, and goes back and forth in a small arch.
They are so narrow as to look strange. smaller than even the cheapest Walmart mats (which I don't buy)
I liked this set, and especially that the pots had different colors, since it made it easier to keep seeds straight. Luckily, before my second order was shipped, I tried moving my starter tray to another shelf. The bottom tray is so shallow, I got quite a bath. If they make these with a better lower tray, I'd buy them again, but until they do I'll stick with the seed trays that have a sufficient drainage tray.
A little short but does the job. Received the box in three pieces. And the bag the cover was in was torn and wet.
He was cute...but he needs more lights, he barely lights up
I liked the prompt delivery, but did not like the fact it wasn't the product shown. If you show an Apollo timer, I expect the Apollo brand. Aside from that, all good so far
Even though we haven't opened this yet (bought for my husband, waiting for spring to start), I'm reviewing and giving only 3 stars for one reason... I keep getting emails from the seller, way to many. Not just informational ones, those are ok, but rather "please rate", "are you satisfied", constantly! It's rather outing. I don't appreciate sellers bugging consumers for a high rating
The indicator shows that water is needed within minutes after filling it. I bought several of these and it's the case with each. It looks clean but is ineffective as an indicator of when water is needed. Not what I had hoped.
unfortunately hard to keep alive.
This product doesn't go on smooth like plaster, I had to use a Diamond Polishing sand paper to smooth out the patch to make it as smooth as the rest of the pool. Way to much money for this product.
The ability to break this down for storage is a good idea, but then you have a bunch of loose pieces. This really needs to come with a case or pouch. It can also be really hard to clean due to all the nooks and holes. In any case, this really works well for a roast (or possibly a chicken). I also smoked some ribs, but I feel that the gap between the supports is just a little wide and the supports themselves are long long enough. I did three racks of St. Louis ribs, and I had to fold over the ends , lest they droop onto the grill. If doing ribs, I would also recommend a single longitudinal support bar so the ribs don't sag between the two sides.
OK, so....does it kill moss? You better believe it...it kills the hell out of it. The problem is it also kills every other single living organism...plant or animal...that it comes in contact with. I, perhaps foolishly, thought this stuff would kill ONLY moss, considering it's called "Moss Out". So, yes, within a few hours, the moss was already turning brown. Unfortunately, so was all of the lawn at the perimeter of the patio, which is now completely dead. If I had known this was how the product would work, I would have save some time, grabbed the gasoline can from my garage, and just poured gasoline all over the back yard, and the effect would have been similar. The moss would be dead, as would everything else. Soooo...if you have moss growing on or near something that is NOT alive, then go for it...this product kicks ass. However, if you, like me, have a plant or some grass or something in your yard near your patio....just save yourself some money and light your back yard on fire. That'll kill moss too, and you won't have to wait for 2 day's shipping....
body had a lot of dings in it
Plant arrived in ok condition, several broken leaves. Looks like its rebounding, but biggest leaves have broken off. Update: Plant is doing better, has made several new leaves. Looking forward to putting outside in the summer
It looks really nice, but I'm disappointed that it doesn't connect to weather radio to get "real" weather. Instead it does some guesstimating based on its own temp and humidity ratings. I'd say it's kinda right. Mostly I want to keep track of indoor and outdoor humidity and it does that. It's attractive and colorful. Easy to set up.
I bought mine because my husband had one. I did not know his leaked. It is hard to screw the lid on properly. It would leak all over me.
this is good but in no means is it for multiple uses it tore right away when we first put it up and it was all down hill from there
haven't seen any improvement in my plant.
It is a good quality charcoal chimney starter for my weekend barbecue with family and friend, I used the oil before to start. but there are too much smoke, this is perfect.
As with most of you, my gopher is the smartest and most destructive on the planet. I've tried baits, traps, gum bombs....you name it. My best recommendation is to use multiple devices at the same time. I currently have 2 traps in my yard, poked holes along their trails and left bait and when I see a couple fresh holes, I bomb them at the same time. So far so good
you can see from a distance if the trap is sprung because of the red color. one came broken and another one broke when sprung
It was a gift came in an envelope and the box it was in was crushed look terrible.
Had to make modifications to fit Husqvarna
Hat brim is too small. Bees always used to bite the back of my head until I covered the screen with duck tape. Humble bee does have a good warranty that they do stand behind, they replaced two veils for me.
One stopped working at the first rain. Very bright. Best to place in a sheltered area.
It works good but keeps getting stuck in the same corner of the steps everyday not sure why
These are SOLAR POWERED. They only light up when it is DARK... And then they do not last very long.....
Pivot bearing tube on top was not adequately welded and quickly bent so that turbine was pointing upwards. I choose to repair it by supporting tubing from underneath. Now working fine except the turbine is not completely perpendicular to the axle, I will bend it straighter so that it does not shake. The shaking was probably responsible for weakening the weld. Axle is undersized from pivot bearing tube so that it rattles, I have not corrected that yet. I wrapped a length of solder around turbine so that it was balanced in rotation. I have a lot of strong winds, so being true and balanced is important. After all this, I am quite pleased with the windmill, but be aware that it works better with a little tweaking.
The lid is so tight I have to use 2 hands to take it off, which is hard when I have a dog leash in one hand & a doggie doo doo bag in the other!! Otherwise it does what it is intended.
I started using it 2 weeks ago. I don't see any improvement yet. So it is hard to judge it at this time.
I have 2 plants in the works. 2 months waiting and still 2 inch tall.
This is a skimmer net. It is not deep enough to dip and pick up debris. The very short handle is not much use except for cleaning the edge of my pond.
I got this to help me trim under a bar fence. I was able to get under the fence OK, but what I was trimming would lay down and would not cut off. To use in an open area, it worked just great.
Not sure why but my birds don't like this mix.
Great concept but only fair execution. First, the width of the area that hangs on the metal piping should be slightly larger in diameter. It is a tight fit on a standard hose bib. Second, the overall size should be an inch or two longer, so it would hold a longer hose. Still, it's a good buy if you want to hang a hose on the wall without drilling holes in your house, and if you only want to hang a relatively short hose (i.e., 30 feet or less).
The knife part is dull but this may be to prevent cuts. I sharpened it after the fact.
Returning some lights did not work. I really like the lights but it's a hit and miss when it comes to lights working or not.
The artwork came out crooked not what I expected but I only paid 6 bucks for it
Does not come with handle
Plants are doing great however I ordered two PINK and one is purple. They've been in the ground for about a month so not worth the trouble of sending back.
Definitely get what you pay for folks. Cheaply made but will serve its purpose - keeping seat cushions clean/dry. Instructions did not come with the packaging but I found them here - https://www.keter.com/en/comfy-garden-storage-box.
Tools do what they are supposed to do. Easy to assemble just screw the pieces together. The issues I have with them are 1) won't stay tightly screwed together (nothing like trying to use the tools in a hot fireplace and have the tip get loose) 2) the stand leans a little no matter how tight you tighten the nut to the bolt. They are heavy and look good,
I bought the bag of coco+perlite mix thinking it would save me from rinsing and buffering it. I was wrong, still had to rinse it out.
I left a review for these lights I really love them at first. Unfortunately turn on my TV lights go on... Then I have the timer on and I turn my TV off like 2 to 3 in the morning and the damn lights go back on. Really really really unreal. They look fantastic and if you don't have them near a television they'll be great. The down size is it comes on every time the remote goes on or off. Frustrating to say the least
Purchased a couple of these plastic cans in 2014 for $19.95 ea. The auto shutoff valve was a nuisance and was replaced was a basic spout. Over the years the 6 gallon plastic cans survived with no problem. Needed a new one and was going to order one until I seen the today's price. It's not worth $73 for a 6 gallon plastic can!
It is okay, but would be better if there was a way to secure it to keep it from floating near the edge of fountain which eventually drains the fountain of necessary water. We ended up attaching a suction cup to the bottom and securing it to a dinner plate for weight then disguising the plate with colored pebbles in the pond fountain.
returned it. looks like plastic
They fade to a dingy gray if used outside. The oils based black pen I used to write the labels does not stand out well against the dingy dark gray faded bamboo. Maybe a white paint pen would be better. Better used on indoor plants.
I wish only these flags were two sided., very thin material, However, they look nice and I Really like the variety of Holiday prints,
Beautiful lighting, but the pole is useless!! If you are going to buy this product, you need to buy 1 inch pvc pipe, painted black and cement it in! The support stand is useless
Definitely durable but was too thick and I had to pull back a bunch of dirt to get this donut flush with the sprinkler head.
2 stars off because the connectors that come with the kit are absolute shit, and theres no frame.
Two of the legs are missing the rubber tabs at the bottom.
I used this every year around the outside of my house for the last 4 years and loved it. They stopped selling it at the Home Depot and Lowes this year so I had to get it from Amazon. It's been great for keeping the crickets, spiders and cockroaches out but this year it didn't work as well. We had not only crickets, but we also had spiders and centipedes in the house for a good 2 and a half to 3 weeks after use (It seems to be working now...I think). I don't know if the bugs have developed a immunity to it or is was just because we had a dry hot summer or if the formulation has changed but it didn't work as well as I'm used to. Since I have so much left over, I will use again next year and if it doesn't work then I will try something else.
I like how big it is, but the squirrels where able to open the top, it just twists on and I guess they can untwist it.
Not at all what I was expecting.
I found it not to be as waterproof as I would like. Otherwise, it is o.k.
This vacuum lacks good suction. Main fault if it picks up any light granular sand or shedded pool wall gunite, it disables the unit completely. Then total dismantle of the unit is required to make it operational again. Not worth the price if purchase.
Very very small! I should have read the size, oh well.
So happy!Love them what a great idea.
the temp probe doesn't stay affixed to the mat and causes temp fluctuations.....
I do not know what type of car-camping/glamping hulk like person rated this as a great camping option but I am a strong person and 5'8", once this was constructed in my living room I was not moving it anywhere. It weighs (I'm sure you find the exact weighs on the page) about what I would carry in my pack (maybe a tad less but still comparable) and its height in the carrying case all broken down, from the floor up, still raises up to about my chest so any strength you have in maneuvering this is counteracted by the poor distribution of it. It is great if you have a yard or deck to put this out on and not take it apart, but if it wasn't so heavy I would have returned it for my purposes. I don't even want to bringing it to the mailbox much less any actual camping trips.
Arrived with one of the chimes disconnected. Had to repair before hanging up.
Working fine. Just don't drop it on anything. Gonna be a mess.
While the cables seem good I just realized one end doesn't have the mc4 plugs. For the same price you can get the both ends with plugs from windy nation. Just cut the mc4 off and save it for later if you need it.
chimes would not catch the wind as well as I would like. might be the design . Did like woody look
Fits together tight and is very resistant to sun damage. This is the second bin I have had with original lasting 15 years. Only downside is bottom is not reinforced and thus requires it to be place on deck, concrete or other media to give bottom support.
They are very pretty but they don't last very long. Out of the last 5 I have 2 or 3 working.
Does not work to well on ant piles. If you spray a pile it will kill most but they make another pile a foot over
Love the gazebo but a wind storm knocked it over and two of the bars bent. I contacted the company and they sent me two new bars great customer service
6 months with this hose and it sprung a leak yesterday. Thought this would be a better quality hose than the typical expandable hose but it's not. Nor does it shrink down as small These are great but they're temporary. Not going to last you nearly as long as a traditional hose would but hey, that's the price you pay for convenience. My advice when searching for an expandable hose would be, shop for price. Not quality because you will be replacing it fairly quickly.
The product itself works great but what I got in the box was misleading. It looks like you're getting this huge box as pictured but instead for $10 you get one packet which is sitting outside the huge box. Sorry but very misleading to me. I would give 4.5 stars but due to what I received in the box I'm disappointed. I would need 4 of these small packets to cover my 4,000 sq.ft. lawn. However, it works great on St. Augustine grass with nutsedge!
I don't like being forced to write reviews it's cat repellent.
Didn't work well for voles.
Not sure that they really made any kind of a difference. My plants still ended up dying...
I thought these would look cool and they arrived in OK condition. Here is where I have issues being a first time cactus buyer: these should have come potted at this price / Seller should not ship in the coldest parts of winter. They arrived looking a little roughed up and shortly died because they froze during delivery or on my front porch while I was at work. Probably a good product if it didn't freeze.
First, let's get the negative out of the way.......the adhesion of the pull-away two-sided tape on the back of the lights just doesn't cut it. While it adhered to my RV just fine, it's the backing against the lights themselves that pulls free. The silicone design of the lights is "slick", so over the course of a week it started to pull away from the side where the plug was located, and gradually kept pulling away from the surface until over half of it was no longer attached. At that juncture, I abandoned hope and pulled the lights off my RV. I plan to reinstall using a higher quality adhesive and see if that remedies the problem. I'm hoping this was just a bad batch of adhesive, though, as it appeared to be 3M tape, and I usually find their products excellent. Now, for the positives: The lights illuminated our awning perfectly and provided more than sufficient lighting without an obnoxious intensity. The adjustment available with the dimmer proved to be very useful as well, and when we'd retire for the night, I'd leave them on, but lit dimly so that any midnight runs to the campground bathroom would be lighted. They're very thin and unintrusive, almost invisible if you don't know to look for them. I also noticed that the ends accomodate expansion as they contain an exposed positive and negative wire. I considered hardwiring these in using that feature, but then I would lose the dimmable aspect. Overall, it's a great product. If that adhesive would have help up, this would have been a 5-star review
Came with a broken bulb. Not sure if the fixture is working until I can buy a new one.
They weren't ripped but didn't float that far out. Takes awhile to light and once lit I have to wait for the air to fill the lantern before it goes up.
My hands don't work well so I have a hard time getting the lid locked on. Otherwise I like it. Holds a good amount and looks good.
it fades a lot in the sun
Does not light as easy as other items, tendency to go out especially when breezy.
Tent looked great set up but you definitely needed 3 or 4 people to set it up properly. Also instructions were not clear on the tarp assembly. Not wise to secure tabs on tarp until tent is completely set up. Ripped one corner of tent, had I known this prior and clearly written in insructions this wouldn't have happened. Also wiping down inside window panels smudged the window design! I'm hoping I can get a replacement tarp and sidewall.
Really high price for these. You'll also more than likely need more than one set.
Don't order this until it's time to plant in your area. They send them when you order not when it's time to plant in your zone. I should have asked. It was my fault.
Had it since Aug 2016 and is now ripped Dec 2018. Outdoors unprotected in PA winters. I guess 2 1/2 years for a $25 cover isn't bad but not great either
The product is Ok. The motor looks like it a bit difficult to turn a 2KG chicken, but it does the work. The battery pack look very low quality, would expect for something more durable. and it need a stand for the skewer in order to turn.
The product is okay, I wanted it to be great but it's not. It's well made, but for my applications, it did not work that great. TN has a lot of clay in the soil making it very compact. I fell down a lot using these and my lawn bent the spikes pretty easily on just the first use. There's really just no substitute for hiring someone to aerate your lawn and seeding it in the fall. I tried to get by on the cheap and I failed...
It didn't have the right throttle arm for my blower and couldn't get it to lean out enough
Water spread not as expected
The lights look good, but I had to SuperGlue over half of the dragon flies on one strand to keep them from falling off.
Pretty thin material and already snagging from the wind.
Not too bad of a product, but my support wires are nicked and rusting. For the price I wish they would have used stainless support wires, too, because these get nicked and scratched when scrubbing the grill....which exposes raw steel, and then the rust forms. Maybe if you stored it inside it would be fine, but mine hangs on my grill, outdoors. If yours is outside like mine, may want to look for one that is all stainless....will be worth the extra money.
I really like these, but I only received 19 gold bases ( I received enough flags/straws) when I was supposed to get 24. Hopefully they'll send me more because I need 24. Otherwise, it's a great product.
I'm two years into ownership of this cover and the seams have come apart at the horizontal to vertical transition near the side tray corners. Great material but weak along the seams. Gotta use stronger thread, Char-Broil!
You get what you order
2 stopped working the 2nd day
good little filters, would be 5 but no lip to lock onto fuel line
We use them in an outdoor birdbath, no water in the bath. But they are so dim that they are almost invisible. They are overpowered by the porch light which is about 25' away.
This pressure washer is well made and laid out well and comes with a 25 foot hose which are all pluses. The bad is it keeps shutting down every 8 to 10 seconds which requires releasing the spray trigger to get it to re-prime. Ive read you must run water thru the unit and get a good flow going which I did and still no luck. I'm shipping this one back and will see what happens with a new one. UPDATE: Still the problem continues with the new pressure washer. It may go about 20 seconds now but I am experiencing the same issue. Ive had a couple of electric washers before this purchase and this one has the best features over the others and so I was hoping that it would work better. I noticed that the water flow is weak when priming and so maybe these water flow restrictors, to keep at 1.4 GPM, are keeping the water flow down and should be a little larger. I upgraded a star since it is working a little better but still not really right. I have a few weeks to decide what I will do with this unit.
Used this in my pond to clear up the water. I'm still waiting to see an improvement in the water, I'm not sure how long it's supposed to take.
At first the motion detector was almost too sensitive! However after just several months it no longer works at all. Very disappointing.
I could return this thing, but it's probably more trouble than it's worth. Two major problems with it: 1) when the description says "extra thick," they aren't kidding. More like "tripping hazard." 2) it's constantly dropping bits of I-don't-know-what all over the ground. Thank goodness I am using this as an outdoor doormat! It's on the expensive side, too. I've been had. EDIT: It turns out the neighbors were having construction done nearby, depositing sawdust on the doormat. Can't blame the manufacturer for that. I stand by my criticism of the height of the product though; it's a bit hazardous.
I guess I should've read the comments a little closer because I didn't realize it did NOT include a bracket and I didn't notice that in the description either (could've been an oversight). Frustrating to get everything ready to put up and realize there is no bracket in the box.
I tried this.....expensive skimmer.. hoping for it to do the job in my 1100 gallon pond.....with tree limbs hanging close by. Nope....it just failed me. I made myself one earlier on.....f rom dollar store oil pan, swim foam snake and zip ties with some netting...….about $3.00 . total cost and it works far better. For a 73 year old woman...…..this says a lot about how easy the project was to design and put to use.
The color fade very fast. It looks old after less than one year.
Chain is quite short and a little more antiquated looking (black in places) than I thought. Picture looks cleaner and shinier than actual
As many reviewers had pointed out, the clasp did not hold the bag on. Although it appeared identical to the clasp on my older bag (which came with my Toro but ripped at the zipper after only a few uses), it would not "snap". So, I just placed a layer of 4 pieces of duct tape where it slides in, and voila - it forced the clasp to snap in securely. I have used it twice - full power and damp, heavy leaves, and no problems so far. I am only giving three stars as this product is clearly advertised as a replacement for my old bag, so it "should" work as designed, but it does not.
The seat cushions are too thin and not comfortable.
Our fountain is only 3 inches deep, so there is not enough water to keep the fountain running. It does shut off when there is not enough water.
I put it in the kiddie pool under direct sun. Did not work. Let it sit for a 30 minutes, it starts working. Picked it up to move it, stops working. Set it back down and left for work. Who knows if it's working now. It's finicky. Update: seems to be running fine. Good jet height. Pattern a little uneven and askew. Need to add some spokes to the side to keep it from sitting on the edge of the pool. update: Runs well most of the time, but it shuts off randomly, even when sun is fully out. And the spray crosses into itself instead of flaring outwards.
It doesnt have the same look when you ahve to use them inverted. They dont give off enough light to light the driveway.
just ok. not very bright. cords are pretty stiff.
Got these and put them in the ground 3 days ago, so I will have to come back in 6 weeks or so and report if they work. And if they DO work, will they last? The key is likely how waterproof they remain, otherwise, the electronics inside will get ruined quickly. Stay tuned...
Hole in top was too small, had to cut ring out
You gotta find the right flower pot. Not sure if it's all of them but the one that arrived has an oval opening so it wont fit those cheap fake flowers at the store. But it looks good by itself.
This stuff worked marginally for keeping gnats at ease.
Product is adequate. Had problems with missing parts. This was corrected. Installed these on 2, 32 foot areas. Cross parts are a little too flexible once wire was strung but will work okay. Overall look is nice. I would have rated higher but with parts missing, holes poorly drilled and located I couldn't go above a three.
Only 3 of 5 trees lived
Bought bc I couldn't get my usual. We will see.
Have not seen any change in the pest problem
Gold ball topper not included with order. Not in small package as stated by vendor. Request full order be fulfilled
but handle is almost too wide for my hand.
Looks to include everything, however, doesnt include any instructions. I strongly recommend reverse engineering your old one before attempting to rebuild the new one.
Cute but cheaply made. Broke after 2 days.
One set still work...other set punked out after only one week.
It's a nice and light weight hose. Great for maybe washing a car, but definitely not a everyday garden purpose hose.
Materials are a bit cheap looking, but a good product for the price.
I like the tree, cool and healthy looking. However didn't come with everything listed. Missing the humidity tray & deco rocks as you can see in the pic.
I ordered 12 sets for a large event. Glad I ordered more then I needed. These are fragile. 4 large pots arrived broken and by the time we opened the boxes to prepare for the event, the return window had closed. It is a good look, just beware of their fragile nature. Had two others crumble while creating.
The seeds took a while to receive but I assumed that seeing as they came from outside the US...BUT when received, I used a 1/16 drill bit to drill through ONLY the shell. Then put all 5 in a big cup full of filtered water that had already sat for 1 day. 4 out of 5 seeds fell to the bottom but all 5 sprouted. When sprouts were about 6 in. I put them in a shallow basket with clay-ish soil. Then layered with pebble stone and put in 1st shelf of pond. There seem to be about 13 pads. Still no flowers but we shall see?
I have a 26' x 50' empty barn with a loft over half of it that a colony of bats (about 40 of them?) have been living in the sandwiched roof of it for several years now. The interior peak of the roof is about 25 feet high and the loft floor is about 10 feet above the main floor. So I set this product up with the recommended settings and plugged it into an extension cord and laid it flat on it's back on the loft floor in about the middle of the barn and pointed the speakers towards the peak of the roof. I could immediately hear the bats chattering so I thought this is going to work great. The next day I returned and some of the bats, maybe 10 of them, had moved to the outside of the barn under the eaves. So I stayed until dusk to see if they still flew out of the roof and on the end of the roof where the loft is they did not but on the other end where the height of the peak of the roof is 25' they did (about 10 or so I think). So I'm thinking I either need another one of these for that end of the barn despite the claim that this product covers 5,000 sf (which it does not) or this product just isn't strong enough to transmit a loud enough sound 25' away to drive the bats out. So I think this product would work in small, open attics. And I'm still going to wait and see for another week or 2 before I decide if I'm keeping it or not but I won't be buying another one for the other end of the barn. I'll just have to find something a little bit better.
I really like how these work except for the fact that they wear down way too quickly.
Nice product. Not easy to put together and I'm an IKEA pro! Lol! Very disappointed that I did not receive the 3 prong that I ordered. Only has 2. We'll see if it holds up.
The configuration of the brass fitting (not the side that hooks to the tank) does not properly engage fully with the regulator attached to my grill (coleman portable). Had to unscrew the internal pin a few turns for gas to flow and not leak from the hose connection.
works but i forget to turn on
For the most part, I like this hummingbird feeder. However, after a couple of weeks, the green film (I had assumed it was green glass), started peeling. Ugh! So, I had to scrape as much of the film off as I could and it still works fine. Also, you need to make sure you line up the base parts when you screw them on. Had I known that it had the green film, I would not have bought it.
Fade n tear up in strong Texas South wind
Tires put off horribly strong smell that still exists 5 month later.
Everything is fine except it is difficult to put back together after refilling.
I have ordered other carbs from Amazon that I just put on my weedeater and it ran like new. This one did not do that and am having to work with adjustments to get it to run. It's a good fit but is definitely a different carburetor than I had on it.
The product itself looks to be of good quality. However, 5 of the 10 post caps I ordered came without screws. It looks like the were lost before they were shipped because the packages were opened. Now I have yo try to find screws because there is not an option to "reach the seller".
It is a nice plant but smaller than what was pictured.
I used these lights to hi- lite my deck. Wanted to put them around the perimeter of the deck, under the overhang of the boards. The tape was useless, used rtv and finishing nails to hold them up. ( didn't nail thru lights, just braced it w/ the nails) The remote is direct line of sight. Since the wiring was under the deck, I have to walk around to one side and point right at it to make it work. Nice lights though, could be very bright if turned all the way up.
Very poor user manual. Difficult to set alarm limits.
Mother in law really liked it. Only problems was the final on top was bent down and it needed stakes.
I have just begun using it, so it is impossible to tell you anything about it. Perhaps in a couple months when food starts to mature.
It took a few weeks to get here
I can't tell what I like or dislike about this product. Only half of it was delivered. The other half was damaged in shipment and was returned to seller. The chairs look great, just missing the table. Looking forward to 5 star sevice.
I have put this in the pool but can't really say how well it worked until I open the pool this spring/summer
They are decent for what I paid but they look really cheap and plastic in person.
I like the product but shipping, not so much. Broken knob. Box arrived damaged. Will just order new knob. Not worth packing whole product back up and shipping back.
I cant seem to get them to grow. Wonder if theyre even fertile seeds but will keep trying.
If the two pieces on both ends didn't leak to where I had to use rubber cement to keep them on and keep the pressure on I would give it five stars
Its beautiful but not to well made, puts out a lot of heat. If you buy one just know that when assembling you may need extra bolts to make it stay straight. One was given to us as a gift and we bought the second one and both are this way.
Looks really nice. Glass is easy to clean. Hummers like the perches. Need to get a moat to prevent ants. One of the flower petals had a piece of plastic chipped off it that was not in packing box so it had to come that way from shipper. Still works though.
obviously for cleaning, average job on alge surfaces nothing great over any other brush I have, should be re-engineered to do a better job in the corners or edges
These are cute, but they faded quickly in my garden (colors look bleached out). Would be best for indoor use.
Rim and tire look ok and otherwise not as described. These rims do not have bearings, they have bushings, thus the need for the zerk/grease fittings. One of the zerks was loose and neither one really accepted the grease very well. I pulled the wheels off and filled the centers with wheel bearing grease. I guess for the price they're ok, but not as described.
I have not received these yet.
These make a beautiful pattern on the ground, but be sure to install them where they will receive direct sunlight. Be cautious - they are very fragile. Initially I was worried about the glass globe, but my child has bumped into them with a scooter or his bike, and the globe (which survived) has been sheared off the stem, and there is no fixing it. There should be a pin in the center of the picture, to which the globe attaches. Even if the pin is intact, the globe will wobble if it has been bumped and reassembled.
It's been almost a year since I bought this umbrella and it is holding up great. I did fade quite a bit in the Louisiana sun, but everything does.
Quality is not great by any standards, but it seems to work more or less as advertised. Just be aware that you're not buying a product that either impresses for its quality or that seems that will last long. It's just not very sturdy.
Simple but sturdy. Easy to put together.
This product works good for kiddie or very small pools but I have a 18' above ground and it just kept killing the batteries.
Had to modify it was a little long
Good quality but there actually to small but still using them
Great product, but the line sometimes seems to have melted/gotten sticky so one has to remove the spool, unwind a little, then play with it to get it through the feeder hole and not tangled under the spool. Still, can't be beat for value and ease of use.
Using the same measuring method shown in the picture, this product is 1 and 5/8, not the 1 1/2 as described.
On of the sets I bought stopped working after 2 weeks. Yes changed the battery and let it recharge my n the sun, still nothing. I'm disappointed because I use them on both sides of my deck posts.
have to wait till they grow
Very attractive set of grilling utensils. Two issues I found are that the tongs are difficult to close and be careful of the metal edges on all the handles. They are sharp and had some burring on one utensil so I stoned it to remove the burrs.
I placed a small amount of this in bottom of my kitchen garbage pail. It neutralizes the odor for a little while but not as long as I hoped...I have to put more in frequently. I'm still looking for a more long term solution.
I was surprised that it was shipped UPS. When it showed up on the scheduled day, It was good I was home, since the driver couldn't manage it by himself. He said it was over 100 pounds. The box was in pretty bad shape. But everything appears to be there. Minimal assembly is required. Pretty much just the wheels and some rubber feet that aren't a good design. They'll fall off eventually. After assembly, I had to try it out on a few logs. 5 out of 5 on power. 3 out of 5 on design. It's a two handed operation. One hand to press and hold motor switch and one hand to engage pump. I'm also not crazy about the motor switch location. To hold both hands properly, you're right there on the side. I'll probably have to see if it will work with a foot pedal or something.
The plastic button to adjust the cover was broken.
Liked the locket. It's hard to open, I ordered two and one of them broke trying to open it. You have to glue the pictures in. But still really like the concept.
I used this to fix three small leaks on a flexible PVC pipe running between my pool pump and filter. While I even waited for this to cure overnight, the leak was not completely stopped and there is still residual water leaking from the pipe. While this worked better than flex-seal or flex-tape; it was not bonded to the PVC, as the product stated it should be. I even used multiple layers and rubbed in the compound to get a good seal, and it still didn't bond.
I wish I would have spent more money on quality chairs. The knob you turn to look chair in place slips and the chair won't stay in place. Big disappointment.
Very pretty and light weight. Drain holes and saucer are not made for much water to drain out. The pot and saucer are attached. I have to tip the pot over the sink to pour the excess water out.
This works well for a planter area at our rental. Looks fine and will not fit as do the wooden barrels Size worked great for three small scrubs
While I love this product, tons of options and great colors, it quit rotating after 2 weeks. Our snowflakes are now stationary on the house. I purchased 2, one is still working at least.
The last thing I wanted was a bunch of puzzle pieces to put together. Specially with very little patience and time but if you have both been this is a nice looking product that met my needs
Not big on reading directions so may not have used this properly. Didn't seem to do much.
This blows over very easily with a light breeze, bends in the middle. Small air blown fan.
I give these 3 stars because I DO think they work a LITTLE. 3 Stars is not 0. 3 Stars is accurate for this product in my opinion. I still see mice, but I see fewer of them. And I don't see them right next to where the things plug in, so again, they do work, just not 100%.
Bought these September the 20th 2017 and two of them are already not working on November 5, 2017
No thermostat on grill like the last one I had previously
Doesn't fly really well!! I think it's due to how light weight it is!!
These work well but don't last long in the rain.....supposed to but don't. Cheap enough to buy again though.
Still had mold problems after installing this product not happy!
This could easily be a five star grill. However there is one major flaw and one minor one. The major flaw is it heats unevenly. The left side doesn't get as hot as the right side. Significant difference. The minor flow is the igniter doesn't work well. We simply used a butane lighter stick. We bought this grill twice. The first was back in July and had the to return it for the same reasons. Going to return this one as well.
My musical tree came with no music box and no blanket. Description says otherwise. Waiting on replacement.
So, I'm not sure what's going on with this. I bought 2, on the theory that they'd be an improvement over the existing timers that are leaking. I've encountered two problems with them thus far. Problem 1: The top does not correctly fit my standard hose-sized faucet. I can fix this by applying teflon tape, but... what? Problem 2: The aerator/water flow restrictor is so effective that water flow through the hose dwindled to almost nothing. I can fix this by removing the aerator, but then I get a loud squeal when I run the water. The timer itself is fine, and I can get around the problems, but I'm bewildered by what seem to be serious design flaws.
Not sure if it worked
Just got this and it seems all pool equipment is designed by people who don't own pools and this is another example. A simple leaf canister needs to be something you can open and it should allow air to escape. Looks like they made an attempt at the opening issue as there are places to grip the canister as opposed to the smooth cylinder surfaces on my old canister. The down side is that it is designed to trap air. Instead of narrowing towards a tip at the outflow end it is indented a couple of inches to trap an air bubble. The air bubble grows and floats the filter basket above the water level rendering much (about a third for me) of the leaf basket useless. From the product picture it is hard to see this. I will keep it anyway as I am tired of having to use tools to open my old one and the cleaner seems to work OK with it . Not sure how it will work in the fall with more leaves in the pool.
Would have preferred size included, the actual length width and height. This product was too large, but will do the job!
Works ok but we use a different brand that works better and comes in large 5 gallon buckets for a great price.
I ordered XXL and they are quite small and overall tiny.
Plants arrived with no care instructions and very dry soil. I have been focusing on rehabilitating them as the leaves were fragile upon arrival. Hoping they flourish after some TLC
I just wanted the hard cover that fits over the glass stones. Didn't want the rest of it but could not buy it as a stand-alone product. Hence I spent way to much money for what I wanted.
Difficultly having the pole lock in place
Battery works fine. Charges easy as Black & Decker and seems to last equally long. The Black & Decker has a finger groove on the bottom, making it easy to insert and lift out on my mower. This battery does NOT have the finger groove, making it a royal pain to lift out of my mower.
it came broken with pieces missing because of poor packing for shipment.
It was true to size I wouldn't say heavy duty because it tore when I moved the grill.
Very quiet. Bought it thinking I would get that nice ambient water trickle noise in my room, kinda pointless for me to have this now. Still looks cool I guess.
I should send it back but I'm too lazy to bother. I keep my pool between 80 and 85 degrees. The floater has a defect... you guessed it.....right between 80 and 85 so I can't really see the exact temp. The little blue one is ok but it is still hard to read if you don't hold it at just the right angle.
I decided to put this in my front door storm window instead of outside. Nothing special, but good enough for what I need it for.
The bottom assembly looks pretty durable, but the handle is flimsy. Mine came out of the box bent so the handles are off center (as though you're turning a bike handle but the wheel is still straight). After initially disassembling it to send back I decided to keep it because it's pretty cheap and I suppose I got what I paid for.
All the light died with in a year. I live in Florida it has a lot of sun light not sure if that the reason the light no last. I was beautiful when it working .
Not a bad deal for the price. I really wish they would put additives to kill spiders as well.
I really like the look of this product and the price but unfortunately I have not had a chance to use it yet. The box came with damaged parts and missing screws. I reached out to the company and they responded very quickly and I'm now waiting for the new parts. We were really looking forward to using this before it got too cold, I guess that will not happen. Once I receive everything and the fire pit is working I will update my review.
There is an older more concentrated formula that is a better value. I ordered that but was sent the new one. It was too much effort to send back. It smells awful, is messy to mix and spray but I use it because it works.
Product is exactly what it said it was. Kohler products always work great!
I wanted to like this, but honestly it's not "lifting" grass like I expected. I have a 1 year old 21" mower with the original blade. I thought that blade was ok at best. This blade is maybe 10% better. In all honesty, I would return it if it were more expensive.
Doesn't look like picture.
They are easier to use than the old fashioned snap trap but less effective. Put both types out. Old style outperformed 3-1
there is no connector to attach the hose. The end of this extension hose and the one on my washer are the same. You need a fitting to attach them. I see other extension hoses come with the fitting. I would buy those instead. I can't find the correct fitting.
They were a decent product, especially for the price. You do need to be close for remote to work. One worked fine, the other leaked through 1/2 day.
This is small and poorly shaped, not sure what plant would survive in this, I already killed one
They alright...but I still seen a mouse after a month
Once edge is there it works fine. The only gripe is the blade turns backwards. Kicks mud on stuff in front of it.
The Frame was barely long enough to sit inside the box. The plastic did not seem to have a wax coat.
Seems like it should work fine.
I have two chair covers, one love seat size cover, a large patio umbrella cover, and a fire pit cover from Duck. All have faded. Begins in several months. My covers are gray now where they used to be brown. Yes, they're exposed to sun and weather, but that's the point. After a year they have also become stiffer and brittle. Two have ripped and I've fixed with Gorilla tape. Not the highest quality cover.
Didnt solve my problem although good quality.
No leaks, so far but the hose stretches a lot so it 'kinks' easily and blocks off water flow. Other than that, it's light and easy to use.
I like the look of this fence. Like others have said, you need to zip tie the tops together because the panels connect at the bottom only. To make a connected fence of multiple panels, you insert the leg (vertical side) of one fence panel through a round metal hole at the bottom of another fence panel. Unfortunately, I can't use three of my panels because none of the configurations work together. The holes are too small. I wrote the company and they said was work harder at jamming the vertical side through the hole. Well, it either fits or it doesn't. I'll see if I can pry the hold open wider but that's likely to mar the paint. Sigh...
you get what you pay for
3 of the stakes arrived broken can you send me 3 more stakes
I have used this product before for fleas specifically. This killed the fleas successfully and as a bonus this killed the little brown moths that we had as well as some adult gnats. I noticed some roaches around a few days later but I had only bombed 2 rooms. I bought these again specifically for roaches and gnats. I fogged the entire house came back 2 hours later and aired it out. I saw a roach on our blinds on our first floor it looked like it was dying though. Next day I see baby gnats near our tub drain and there are roaches alive and well in our basement. So I guess this kills everything but roaches..... Also, I'm not sure what a digger smells like without an Ofer neutralizer but this still smelled not that great and very overwhelming hours later.
Over priced for what it is.
The lawn roller had promise and I was excited to put it together and roll out my newly renovated lawn. After filling with water and making a single pass one of the bolts holding the handle to the barrel broke completely off. The bolts appear to be riveted into the side of the barrel so there was no way to reattach it. At this point I could no longer use it. As I was processing the return the 2nd bolt holding the handle to the barrel broke off, the same exact way as the other side. Possibly a defective. The build quality seemed solid but I guess there's a reason it's the cheapest lawn roller on Amazon. Will spend a little more for my next roller.
The rug is beautiful, just as described. Unfortunately, the packaging was flimsy, and the corner of the doormat was bent and cracked due to the packaging becoming bent during shipping
On day 1 I caught a chipmunk, but it was dead when I got home from work. On day 2, I caught a squirrel. I was surprised it fit in the cage. It was going crazy! On day 3, I caught 2 live chipmunks and drove them several miles away, and then caught a 3rd that was dead when I got to it. On the morning of day 4, the trap was gone when I got up at daylight. I am guessing a larger animal got its head stuck and ran with it. We are not in an area where it would have been stolen or anything. I am ordering again and hoping for better results!
Bought it in March 2017. Used throughout the year. June 2018 - hose split and leaks - now trash. I really liked the hose and bought another one earlier this year, but not sure if they last.
This Does the job but however This bag makes a pretty big noticeable stench if rotten fish
It's fairly well made, doesnt leak, and operates ok. The only structural issue I have is the lifting mechanism is on the flimsy side. The lever you push down on in order to raise the globe bends easily if you're not careful. The main issue I have is the lamentable fact its made in China, even though every other aspect of the lamp would suggest otherwise: it's emblazoned with the phrase " the original dietz" stamped on the fuel tank and the trademark emblem on the glass globe itself. But a quick flip of the lamp underneath reveals the ' made in china' sticker. Im giving it 3 stars because it looks and works well, but still sad that it's made in China.
Had them about a month. They trapped a few bugs.
The first one I received was severely damaged either at the warehouse or during shipping. The pot and lid are very thin aluminum so they are dented very easily. If you want a sturdy pot, spend the money on the stainless one. It also looks nothing like the product picture shown.
It is a great idea for this product it worked for the first week and I got a replacement and the replacement is starting to show problems which is a bummer because it was helping our dog that had the nuisance barking I was really happy with product when we first tried it don't think I would try it a third time
Love the spinner but my solar bulb broke the same day I put it up. I see same has happened to others. I need to find a place to order a replacement. Would love input on where to order.
Product always works well but not enough product for the price.
It is now installed and seems to be functioning well. However, I had to make 2 modifications. First the lower 4 mounting holes would not accept the original bolts and needed to be drilled out - I uses self tapping screws instead. Second the overall diameter of the emitter ring was slightly too large to fit and I had to make a vertical cut to allow sufficient clearance.
Great material and nice colors, but came only with 10 teeth. Not only it came with 10 teeth, pictures shown in item descriptions have 16 teeth, once place on my garage door doesn't look like the pictures, if you want it to look like the pictures shown you have to buy two sets.
This item was advertised as being sold with a 4 inch plant pot but did not arrive with one. The plant did not look as it did in the advertised photo but instead arrived in the form of a long branch with no blossoms on it. This plant did not have a single branch on it. I think it is going to grow as a single long stalk. I had to spend an extra $30 plus just to purchase some top soil and a plant pot from a local hardware store because the plant came in a cardboard box with plastic wrap around its root embedded in a tiny bit of soil. I am not pleased with this purchase. I am hoping it will branch out and blossom soon so I can feel comfortable with my purchase.
Lights very dim and didn't last very long- returned
I wanted to find an alternative to the string cutter because I go through a lot of line and don't like the idea of all that plastic spread around my property. I think this cutter is a good idea but I have two problems with it. It says it fits my Stihl but the only way I could make it work was to use a bushing under it so it would clear the spline part of the shaft. The hole in it is to small for it to seat all the way otherwise. The other issue I have with it is that in the first hour I used it, I broke two of the blades. Admittedly I was using it in some heavy tall brushy grass and I found a couple of old stumps. I had ordered extra blades. It does cut fast and I like that I'm not spreading plastic all over my property. The blades are stamped out and not sharpened but cut pretty good anyway. I sharpened them and it improved their performance a little. I think I'll stick to using it for grass and use a blade for the heavier woody stuff.
I gave this set an overall rating of “3” for the following reason. I received the chairs in one package on time and in good order. This package contained the 4 chairs, cushions and back pillows. BUT no package containing the table. I contacted Amazon and they forwarded my complaint to the vendor. They claimed they sent the table in a separate package. They researched the tracking and the shipper and the vendor could not find it. The vendor said they didn't have another table and offer to accept the returned chairs and refund my money or I could keep the chairs and they would refund the price of the table. Since I have put the chairs together and I really liked them, I chose to keep the chairs and receive the refund. My money was quickly refunded.
Easy to fill but birds have a hard time emptying it because of how it hangs
Runs great could use a little more power
It works best on soil without too many rocks! Otherwise you still have to dig the old fashion way.
it does work but mine arrived damaged with all the powder all over the bag. lucky it was sealed so i just poured it out from the bag
not a zapper just lights and when used for me the bugs were small enough to escape
Grew fairly large. Not my favorite
It came with a very noticeable scratch and some very small ones. The instructions were not as bad as people were saying. I would give 5 starts if it was for the scratch or if they rectify this by sending a replacement part or partial credit or something.
I received this item May 1. The instructions for assembly were missing and also a broken spray nozzle. I called customer service and was told these items would be shipped to me. On May 15, nothing! Called them again and was told they were shipped on May 9. On May 20 I received the instructions and broken part, post marked May 15. Was sent instructions for the wrong sprayer...went online with another company and found instructions that helped put this sprayer together...Poor customer service
My daughter Loved these headphones, but after only a month the left side stopped working. I have a second pair that I got for myself, that she is now using. We bought them at the same time and mine still work. I guess we will see what happens.
This product depends upon: Solar availability, care of water level, and 'patience'. In addition, it really needs more detailed directions, and how to deal with the intermittent spray/no spray. It does not just 'start up' and continue running with direct sunlight. The fine print on the back of directions suggests you leave it out of the water in full sunlight for two hours. This is really a good way to 'charge' the battery. I still need to try this. Who knew you could 'charge' a lithium battery? I am working on the fine tuning this requires, because when it works, it's really great! Yes, it is slightly overcast right now, and it does spray intermittently. Also, the needs for water need to be monitored. With a good capacity it does well. In lesser water volume it needs extra attention . I was inclined to give up on this, but do enjoy it so much when it functions. A work in Progress.
The clip that you use to attach it to anything is terrible. It barley fits on a terra cotta pot edge. I don't know if it's actually helping my San Pedro cacti grow but they aren't dying so maybe.
I have purchased this product about 4 days ago and put them up to then realize that the colors(blue, purple, pink and white) do not work and was wondering if there was a way to fix it or get a new strip of lights. Other than that problem, it's a great product.
Haven't caught anything yet
Description quantity showed 2 and 5 packs available. Only received 1.
I must have misread the description as I thought it was metal instead of plastic. I was going to use it to scoop ashes out of my wood stove but that would be impossible with plastic. Besides it was too big for our stove. I imagine it is good enough for some uses but it wasn't for mine. I need to read the description more carefully next time.
I loved it at first! Nice and bright! Now since feb 2018 to August 2018 you cannot even tell there was a thin blue or red line on it. Contacted the seller, hopefully they will send a new one. We will see, I'll update this if they reply.
This review is actually for the ultrasonic bug repellers. Not sure yet about this product Might upgrade the rating. I see a little red light on each one so I hope they are working. The description says they can take a little while to drive bugs away.
missing the water nozzle seems to have been returned and just thrown in a box and resold
2 of the plugs didnt work but I was easy to install. Would be more satisfied if all the plugs worked so I could use all my burners. I think I just got a bad batch on this one
JULY UPDATE: Trying to contact the company again. I noticed back in April one of the lights started to have condensation in it. I finally took a picture of the light. It has water in it. UPDATE: I finally got in touch with the company. Within 48 hours they had a new power supply out in the mail. However, when I received it the directions stated "The transformer MUST be put in a dry place. Transformer itself cannot withstand rain water!". They are outside lights, so I don't understand why they have to be out of the weather. We put something over top of the supply to keep it dry until we can figure out what to do. I'm going to try and contact the company again. I'm really not sure how to rate the lights. When we first got them they were awesome! A month in and they started to flicker. Within two days they no longer worked because the power supply went bad. The past two weeks I have tried to contact the company with no luck. I'm really frustrated right now!!!!
Ordered this by mistake and I never used them because I he no use for them. They look good however
Lots of bugs on plants. Looked like mites.
Not superbright and the portion that goes into the ground isnt super sturdy where it connects with the pole.
The trigger is the issue here. It breaks in 1/2 too easily. THis used to only be $10 also. Not sure why the price is over $20 now. I would look for something else in the $20 range. But they do offer a deal if you buy more than one of these I believe. Overall i am happy with mine, but only because i paid $10 for it in Feb 2018.
This thing is light and does work. Not good for your computer or tv's, mostly for phones and tablets. It didn't old as long as I thought it would.
The germination rate is very low
Really needs full sun. Even the shadow of the spigot will keep it from producing a full continuous spray.
Heat seems minimal but works well if add a light . The reason I'm giving it a 3 is that the vents (2 on the side; 1 on top) do not snap in correctly- I feared breaking the lid if I pushed too hard. It's like the lid is made of like a salad container material... not too sturdy but not flimsy.
Not sure if the pest died because of the spray, but I know it was strong enough to knock a human out. Be careful using this around pets, its so easy to spray which was a plus. Im not sure if I would buy this again or not though.
Easy to use but doesn't support the weight of a tomato.
not as what I expected, but it is an okay one.
Doesnt really do a thorough job-feel other brushes do better
magnet tip will fall into oil and get into engine
I sort of regret getting a mower with a cord. However, that's on me. The only problem i have with the product itself is that I'm having to reattach a wheel after only two uses. I hope it was just because the bolt was loose to begin with and not a sign of overall craftsmanship. Time will tell. As to those two uses and my dislike for the cord, it cuts well and is light weight enough for me to operate with one arm when needed. Easy to assemble.
Although it seems great - my jade plant has not had significant growth. I have another grow light that seems to work better unfortunately. Love that the bulbs are replaceable.
Parts that snap together are thin and brittle Had to glue and screw three sections that cracked, split or broke. Had to glue back support screws, will see how they hold up with use.
One of the screws couldnt go all the way in. Also it is not as sturdy as expected. I like the design. I am using it for my orchids.
Only lasted for 6 months. I use this every night for my indoor plants because our home is surrounded by large trees that block light. It worked great for 5 months, then started shutting off and now it's very dim. I had hoped to use it longer than 6 months.
Works like average potting soil
Pretty junky jewelry tree - definitely not as cute as pictured. I will be returning
The cups work fine. The problem was the size of the taps. No info came with the cups so used the 3/8" drill bit like normal and found that was much too large of hole. Next size down 5/16" made too small of hole. Had to go out and buy a special drill bit just for this package of cups.
Came damaged upon arrival. Packaging needs to be made stronger. Low quality plastic.
Difficult to assemble and missing some parts. But it serves it's purpose nothing fancy.
Didn't realize thermostat was internal so I couldn't control temp like I wanted. Just keeps water bare,y above freezing
very light fragile material unlike
The idea is great but it is very hard for me to open once it fills up, not worth the struggle to even use.
I love the looks of this light. I bought it to complement an identical one that is 4 years old, orange in color. However, the bulb in this one is so dim that it's hardly noticeable. I've checked the battery and that's not the issue. Just wish it was as bright as the older one. Other than that it's a great addition to the garden.
like it for the most part, though one corner didn't stick
I am not sure how quick they will be gone but not strong enough to get ride them off.
This can is not made to careful tolerances. So the lids can be hard to work, spouts don't fit easily, and the locking pin falls out of the lid unless you secure it fully. Basic storage can but I wouldn't want to be filling my truck with it everyday.
After about 1 year the lid doesn't stay closed.
I purchased this just about 14 months ago. The battery/motor is now dead. It was okay while it worked but, with a 12 month warranty on the motor, it is just too convenient that it dies now. If you read the company description, they say it is built to last 5 years. Don't count on it.
Haven't tried to use it yet
Decent product , water in gauge makes it hard to read when it rains
Didn't come with the support wheels.
It does catch some wasps but did not fix my wasp problem. Liquid evaporates really fast and it's hard to carry it and hang it due to the liquid spilling out of the holes.
Works well but makes a annoying buzzing sound and one of mine broke the first time I actually used it
can't put it in the washer and dryer. kind of annoying.
The mints arrived packaged securely and promptly. I followed the directions precisely and while some of them have grown (the lemon is growing best), none have the aroma that I am accustomed to when smelling the mint plants. I am hoping the spearmint and peppermint will grown in more like the lemon, but thus far I am a little disappointed.
Could have bought at farm & fleet for $17
I was expecting what was shown in the picture but it was half of what was shown & there was very little flowers. A bit disappointed 😒
I have now been using these for 3 months. I still have traps set and caught maybe 2 in that time. Do I less mice? I think so.
I like it, but it kinks and twists alot and I have to mess with untwisting them all the time. I do like the space saving and the little bag that comes with it to store it in.
Was delivered quickly and on time The spray unit does not work--sprays only water and the fittings leaks badly
Although these are very cute and look nice in the pots, they do not water my plants even close to 2-3 weeks. The water usually completely drains out within a few hours. I have tried moving them to other pots, but the results are the same. I even tried thoroughly watering the plant before placing the bird inside, and it lasted one day. I gave them 3 stars because they are decorative and look cute, but DO NOT count on them to automatically water your plants for any length of time.
I only gave it 3 stars because I haven't tried it yet. It has been to cold to run water through it. It is currently snowing right now in West Michigan.
Pros: Good quality material and cuts well. Cons: Locking mechanism continually gets activated when pruning. Opens too wide for my hands and is not adjustable. Overall, they are not bad clippers, but I payed way too much. The locking mechanism is the most annoying part. I am continually having to unlock them.
We mow our 3 acre yard every week except during the winter months to give you an idea of how much we mow. With that being said, these blades bent on the first mow. Not just one blade but 2, the outer 2 blades. With the more expensive blades we usually get atleast a spring and summers worth of mowing before they get full or bent. My opinion, go ahead and spend the $50 to $60 for the better blades!
Got these to deter rats that were eating my vegetables. Didn't really do the job. Perhaps they would work better on cats?
A bit flimsy. Has trouble holding a full bird feeder
BEWARE!! I LOVE this pizza stone. It leaves a great crispy crust and the pizza is delicious. I ordered the bigger one bc "why not?" It CRACKED my oven window bc it didn't fit in the oven. It's going to cost me way more than it needed to. I love the stone but wish I would have gotten the smaller one
Very light weight and won't hold up during heavy use. Ok for what we used them but would not buy again.
Just okay. Cheaply made, but I guess that is why they don't cost a lot.
Didn't really see much difference.. Found Urban Farms Liguid Lawn to be 10X better for half the price. You are paying for the Miracle-Gro name and advertising
doesn't wind unassisted you have to pull the hose towards it and it will wind the slack
I purchased a few. Not extremely impressed but add accent lighting to my property.
This is just the seeds- I was hoping to have an all in 1 kit, and from the ad I had impression pot was included. Now I need to find something to plant these in.
These are ok.. I like that the spikes are longer and can get deeper in the ground. But I prefer the 2 piece setup with metal spikes of the competitors. These have plastic spikes and don't come apart so that you can hammer them into the ground. I broke one of them already trying to get it into the ground - even with a pre-dug hole.
This is a very nice quality grill cover, heavyweight and well made, but we followed the manufacturer's size chart for our grill (also a Char-Broil) which recommended the extra large for our model number and style - and this thing is a circus tent! It hangs on the grill and drags on the ground, so it will collect spiders, bugs, and other debris, and dogs will no doubt pee on it. We should have ordered at least one size smaller. maybe even two sizes, but once it's out of the box and unfolded there is no chance of putting it back in. In addition, because my grill was not yet assembled and this was a Christmas gift, by the time I tried it on the grill it was past the return window. Stuck with a $44 white elephant, but the way it hangs and pools on the ground I'm sure it will rot out quickly & I can replace it with the proper size - BY IGNORING THE CHAR-BROIL SIZE CHART!!!
They do glow but not for long and of course, they are plastic.
Have only had pool up for about a week and seems to be of good quality. The pump and accessories, however, are cheap. The ground liner is very very thin. The ladder is not very sturdy and the "vacuum" is ridiculous (don't bother). But the most unfortunate thing is the pump. We had to buy another pump/filter system because the one that this pool comes with is insufficient for the size of the pool. The pool itself is a great deal- the exact size we wanted and its deeper than the pools we have owned in the past which we love. Just be prepared to put some extra money into a better bigger pump. Will update after a few months of use.
Works ok, but is very loud and doesn't push out a lot of air
These reusable slates will be very handy for labelling my herbs. My only suggestion is shipping them in a box instead of an envelope as 3 out of 10 arrived broken. The product itself gets a great rating . Thank you!
I can't really complain for the price I paid. The cushions are not very thick and the backs are very straight so you'll need a pillow if you need some back support. Wasn't very hard to put together.
These will get the job done, but you must be careful as they bend easily. I'm using a heavy cloth type landscape fabric and the spikes will bend just going through the fabric. I feel if it had a sharper point, this problem may not be an issue. These may work if using a lower end type landscape fabric that are thin. Will not buy these again
It is not as study as the ultra but it does the trick
Don't like single string. Edger would be better with double string.
The wind spinner is beautiful but one of the spinners wouldn't spin. We had to rig it so both spinners were equally balanced in order for both of them to spin. Apparently it wasn't manufactured properly.
This looks much sturdier than it really is. Basically it's plastic and is not heavy at all...disappointed in quality
The cuffs are tight around my arms. Going to keep them, but working on an approach that will allow me to slit the cuff. If I'd had known they were going to be narrow, I probably wouldn't have purchased them. Heads up!
I've had this firepit put together and on our patio for just over 2 months. It's sturdy yet light weight, so I can move it around without asking my husband for help. It was pretty easy to put together. The cover is junk though. After 1 or 2 fires you could see the mesh was warping. Now it is rusting too. Disappointing.
Cute sandbox however arrived with a broken piece. My hisband managed to gorilla glue the piece back together so its okay for the time being but I have read other reviews with same issue. Be weary!! Other than that, assembly wasnt too bad and its perfect for our three year old daughter! She loves it!
Cutting edge is not very sharp, and the height is more suitable for a 4ft person. I am 5 2" and i have to bend over. Works great for weeding, edging, not so much. Also, the area to push with the foot is too narrow, my foot kept sliding off. I wear a size 7.5 sneakers.
This was really easy and the pods that survive grow well. The thyme sprouted first, touched the foil instead of going through the hole and died. The mint did the same thing, but is trying to make a come back. The curly parsley never sprouted. So 3/6 are growing and 1 is struggling...
I have only used it twice so far and am unsure if it is working. I have only seen one mouse two times. It smells nice though.
Slow delivery and hose kinks too easily but we were able to clean out several yard drains with it.
Made the mistake of waiting until grill day to open this up. Opened it up to find the chimney only with no handle. Edit: Received Handle and Screws after a week. Changed to 3 Star
We used these in a cloud light for our reading nook. We really love the idea and size of these. The different settings are nice, though we only use the first one, the others are either too slow or too fast for our uses. Several pieces of the curtain were dead upon unwrapping, which was unfortunate, though we still had enough to make the cloud work.
It was a little lighter gauge steel than I was hoping for, the original one were thicker gauge material, hope they work and last a while.
The plant arrived in a tall box, but the box was very badly broken, torn and open at the top. The plant leaves are torn and damaged.
Packaging showed signs of being previously open: tape on original box was already cut open and the box was in a loose heat sealed plastic bag. The battery fuse blew the instant the battery was connected. Checked the resistance across the battery terminals on the charge controller and found that it was about 0.1 ohm (pretty much a dead short). I requested a replacement from Amazon; the replacement worked as expected.
I am not sure if I am better off using this item or not. I can certainly see the water swirling faster in the skimmer, but here is what I am thinking. The same volume of water is still flowing through the filtration system. By constricting the flow, smaller volume of water has to flow faster through the skimmer, so a faster swirling. So are you better off with smaller amount of water faster, or larger amount of water flowing more slowly? I don't see more material, from farther away being pulled into the skimmer. I have two skimmers in my pool. My plan was to try one out and then buy a second one a little later. At this point I will not be buying a second unit. The first unit I continue to use. It's not making things worse, but I don't see any advantage.
The idea is good, but the overall is just okay. The birds like to drink from the cup and it does automatically refill which is nice, but when the sand or debris gets in it, it isn't able to be detached and cleaned which makes it difficult to keep clean. In the winter, the water in my bucket stays above freezing, but the small tube freezes up and the mechanism inside does too so it doesn't work in the winter until you bring it inside at night. I'm looking for a different solution.
Like everyone else stated.. short one spark plug, but since I was repairing 2 of the same engines I ordered 2 kit and then 2 separate spark plugs. The one included doesn't have a known manufacturer printed on it, so it's a guess who make it. Otherwise this is a steal considering the price of the fuel pump or air filter alone is more then this kit costs. Filters fit good and the pump seems like a good quality plastic like the OEM one. Buy this, and order spark plugs from someplace.
This is the cutest bird feeder I own. However, I'm not sure what it is good for. Most sunflower seeds slip right through the mesh, so most fall on the ground. I suppose you could rig up something that would hang under it so that what spills out would be caught. Of course, there are many birds that will find the spillage on the ground and consume it, so all is not lost. It seems to be well made and since I love ladybug beetles, I find it charming. You can spot it across the yard.
I ordered 3 boxes, and in two boxes, one light does not work. I don't want to return all of the items just for two lights. Ugh!!
Hand made quality seemed pretty darn good. However, the size of the "realistic" crows was way too small. I was expecting a life size depiction of the 3 crows. What I got was smaller than the size of a healthy robin. Very disappointed. Ended up returning the package.
This table has some wobble after setup, slightly disappointed in this purchase but overall the table is usable for light duty applications
I only used a few times before the cold weather hit and i put it away until next year. The bottom did show rust after the first time it rained. We had even drilled holes in the bottom so it will drain. After first rain we got a cover for it. Otherwise I love the features it comes with of grill grate, fire screen and poker. Hopefully it holds up. When spring rolls around I will get it out of storage and start using again.
I bought this to use for restless legs and just general leg pain but it doesn't really help a great deal. I still use it and maybe over time, it will make a difference.
Slightly disappointed. First off I thought it'd be durable vinyl-like material. Instead it's a paper product that tears and creases easily. The magnets don't attach very well so I had to secure with double sided tape after the first big wind blew it off. It's pretty, looks good from the street...just not sure how long it will last.
Good buy, for the money. Like other users said, the mounting tabs fell out during install, but I used some jbweld to make sure that wouldn't happen again. The pieces have been outside for 2 months and have seen plenty of sun and rain. No issues with durability or quality other than the mounts
Purchased this thinking grass seed was in the straw. This is just the blanket to use after seeding.
two of the lights I received was broken wasn't happy with that
3 stars for the purpose of assembly of the product. Pain in the butt. Would not buy again. But it does look good
I just received this and opening was exciting, but the griddle has two dents on it. I could feel it with my finger, got a feeling this will spread as I use it.
I have planted the seeds and will wait for growth, more seed than expected and also shipped sooner than expected.
Works ok decent product
It rained and was destroyed. I taped fuse area per instructions but didn't help. I ordered a second one taped fuse very secure. Then it rained and was destroyed. I'm done.
as advertised... nothing to get excited about... it is a scrubber sponge
This works well as a light duty blower.
But what I expected. But you get what you pay for. Looks obnoxious. Wish they would make it in a more natural color and smaller around plus deeper.
Shipped easy, easy to put together, but legs don't stay in place while moving it.
We adored these lanterns at our winter party. They were a huge hit for all ages. When they arrived, they turned out to be HUGE. Just took several minutes to get off the ground, but flew beautifully afterwards. Will but again, for sure.
Still too soon to tell if these lights will help winter over my outdoor succulents. The functionality of the wands is super cool so liking that feature a lot.
This product was broken. Not working at all. Manufacturer defect. Return at at once and return label sent. Customer service was very helpful.
I had a small problem with wire coming out of crimp on. called tech support and received some good information from Lynn at tech support. Good experience.
I am sure that it is user error but I have tried several times and several different and recommended ways to make them work. no joy.
Nice looking and heavy duty but several lights burned out within two weeks of outdoor use. I had to switch some out already so was a bit disappointed.
First off - they work!! So that's great. The lights are very bright and the clips glow beautifully! You can tell it's kinda hep because the battery compartment is flimsy and doesn't fasten very tightly after putting he batteries in. But hey, it works! However, one thing I have a problem with is how it was packaged - I mean, I was fully expecting for them to not work because hey arrived half open, in a crushed box, and in a box that didn't even belong to the product!! Lol. Looked so shady and cheap - ew. But like I said, it worked. So pick your battles :)
it looks good but I don't think it will last long.
I have been looking into this product for years. I ordered it on a good deal day and had it delivered the next. Went right to work putting it together. Simple enough with good simple directions. Problem was that I could not get the pump to work. Tried the reset, pushing the green leaf and taking off the cover. I even went as far as waiting the 30 minute cycle to see if it kicked on. No luck. I wiggled the pump power cord and bam...there was life. Since I am mechanically inclined, I tore it apart right down to the bones. White power cable from the relay box was too short and got pinched when assembled. It has a hole to go through, but since it was to short someone crammed it into a spot that cut the power to the pump. I fixed the wire issue and now it works well. You should not need a screw driver, wire cutters, electrical tape and patience when you get a new AeroGarden, but then again it has Made in China plastered all over it.
While the construction of these valves was good, every one of them leaked. I had to buy new gaskets. The valve is fine, but the gasket/washer supplied is junk.
Flimsy, had to add twine for the vines to grow on.
I like them they do work but they're not as bright as they make them seem 2 catch a picture on camera
Bought two and have deployed these behind some aggressive cucumber vines. While the metal spikes were strong enough to "install" adequately, the trellis is a little fragile for this purpose. In order to show off the design value, one needs a much bigger trellis - at least 6 feet tall I'm guessing. If the plant is going to cover up the trellis, then the cute appearance has little value. Maybe I'll appreciate them more in the dead of winter. Probably works best anchored against a house or fence, but that option wasn't available for us. Pro: Metal is better, and sturdier than most alternatives sold here. Con: Would have preferred an "XL" size if offered.
It worked when we finally got it open. Ours didn't come with the key that was to be included. It definitely doesn't open easily without the key so I could assume that it is somewhat childproof! Would have given it it 5 stars if we had the key...
Have not used yet, its rained the entire week, i received it. I update this survey, once I've use it.
Works good except that you cannot disconnect from hose.
This is a nice unit but lacks good directions on issues as simple as changing from Celsius to Fahrenheit. It does however match the color scheme of my grill. There are better units out there.
great price , was easy to put together but has a lot of dents and dings from shipping . other than that very happy with item
This simmer is flimsy
This kit is a good value, so I'm not disappointed, but: My trimmer has two different size fuel lines. Larger for supply, and smaller for return. The kit had two lengths of the smaller size hose.
I ordered two of these flashlights and the quality is good, but the degree of brightness differs between the two; one weaker than the other. And actually, the brightness of either is nothing to brag about. Its a fine product, but no where near the best for the same amount.
these are very nice but can't withstand Minnesota prairie wind/weather
Flimsy, inside parts come apart easily, the front has been bulking.
Glove liner fingers/and tips stick too much every time you pull the glove off.
I love the look of this water feature. I'm looking forward to hooking everything up but we are still trying to figure out the best way to secure it to our pool. I wish it came with a support flange or something to the sort.
While one of the strings of lights started working fairly well, the other shorted out in certain areas. Aside from that, the string of lights that do work are great. They're not too bright like LEDs but just the right warmth.
Had to return but the seller was unethical but Amazon did stand behind the customer with the proof provided
The description makes this brand sound out of this world so I really had high expectations for the product. I was disappointed when it arrived and looked like any other statue in the store. Don't think I would have paid the price had I seen it sitting on the shelf. Also looks like it may fade easy overtime. Kinda bummed.
Some what works but doesn't last a month on each tablet.
I ordered the roller and the pole mechanism that fits inside. The pole slips when rolling up the pool cover. The teeth don't catch. They slip. I purchased the pole specifically because it looked like it was made for the roller mechanism. I wonder if I didn't follow the incredibly unclear instructions carefully. The bride and i are able to roll up the cover by rolling the pole by hand and not even using the wheel mechanism. Both the roller mech and the pole arrived quickly. That was great!
I liked them but one stopped working.
after one month , pump stop work......
Beautiful 10 inch dish. I didn't read spec correctly and throughout that 24 in meant the dish. Very small and shallow so it holds little to no water for a bird bath
Anyone who buys this sprayer should be aware that it only has a SOAKER and a SHOWER setting. That's it. And I have a new, fancy hose and even though the shower setting is fine, the soaker setting will get you wet no matter what. This nozzle doesn't have any of the other common sprayer settings, like JET, CENTER, MIST nor ANGLE. It's a nice tool with a decent flow for showering your plants, but it lacks the versatility to switch to say, cleaning your driveway or watering more delicate plants.
I bought a fly swatter from this listing and it works really well. Was thinking about leaving a good review for that but got pissed off when seeing the seller change the whole listing to a much more expensive mosquito killing Lamp. Is this some sort of sneaky marketing tricks? For this reason im leaving it 3 stars.
Bluetooth is marginal at best. If the display is in the sunlight it's hard to read. If you are in your house, and depending on the distance, you will loose app readings. Trust me it isn't that far when you loose connection. The max distance is 20 yards with direct visual of the unit before you loose bluetooth connection. errrr.
Fades in color fast. Front pocket is already ripped never even used it.
The cooler portion of the unit is fantastic, we had ice kept in there for over 8 hours. What is disappointing is the legs and "cart" aspect. The base is so thin that nothing can be kept on it except maybe some bar towels. We had the entire assembly buckle under moving it across a dining room. The front two wheels caught in a concrete seam in the room and it buckled under legs and all. However the bin stayed intact and did not even damage the interior lining.
its ok.. if you have any one or animals that want to watch... not happening.. holds good amount of seeds and holds well to window.
It's a great hose easy to handle but sprung a leak at the spicket. I purchased this on October 18th 2018 with a one year warranty. When I attempted to start the return process it told me that return option was closed on November 20th 2018. That's a 30 day warranty. But the description said. 1 year warranty. I am not able to use the contact seller option because of this. It would be nice if someone contacted me from your company so I can replace the faulty one, Thank you
I bought this on the reviews, looked professional, used it, can't exactly be sure if all the fleas are XX, hope so. Was surprised at the residue left on the tile floor afterwards, not sure what to make of that. Tried to wipe it up as it made to floor slippery, not sure what the residue was. Didn't dry up after toweling floor, not sure what to make of that either. Would I use it again? not realy sure.
I am on my second one of these cans - and it's just about done for, in a little less than a year. It burns quickly and efficiently, turning a days worth of work into just a few hours of burning. However, the claim that it is rust resistant is definitely NOT true. Within a year, it quickly rusts out. I burn in this 2 to 3 times a week - household papers, small trash, cardboard, yard scraps. Apx. one year of burning - 2 to 3 times a week is all I seem to get out of it. It rusts quickly - then by month 8 to 10 the handles fall off first. The side handles went first, then the lid handle. So I am hooking a rake into the holes in the lid in order to remove it while it's hot. Just like I had to do with the last barrel. The lid won't last much longer, as the holes and the edges are starting to split and crack. The sides are also weakening as the rust overtakes the metal. If this one goes like the last one, in about a month, I'm going to need a new barrel. It's okay for the price. Just be forewarned - rust will take it out in about a year. I'm going to try painting the next one with heat resistant Rustoleum grill paint next time and see if that extends the life of the barrel.
Easy to spread and use, but still have insects crawling through it to my house.
I did not receive the wt bags or any directions on how to assemble
Lasted 6 months, good for that period but I would not purchase again
These work very well but stink so bad. I have caught a lot of flys but have to keep moving because of the scent.
Okay germination rate. I started them indoors and then transplanted. They have grown wonderfully since.
I have to charge the battery every time. It arrived with a dead battery. I don't know what to do. Can I get a new one?
It is flimsy but does the job...
Didn't receive the seeds even after 3 weeks. When contacted, seller agreed to refund the amount. Ordered from another seller and got them in 4 days. I lost 1month of my summer time waiting for the item.
You have to look at the pictures on the box to guess how to put it together. A sheet of paper might have sped it up, but it worked out without it. The tripod base is a bit flimsy and unstable. Also, there is some chance the legs get in the way. My plan is to remove the three legs and attach the remaining vertical pole to the deck for structural stability. The shower head is good. The device is value-priced (OK) and leaves some room in the market for an alternative that can claim NSF 61 potable water standards.
had one which has worked great for many years so thought I'd get more with some wasps around the house. 1 already broke where the part fits together. It worked for 2 days. Hope the other one lasts longer.
Started leaking from a mysterious hole after just 3 weeks. But doesn't kink
Order 3 sets of these to put on out pergola. One set works great. The other two sets have to be turned on every might which is a pain because the split panel is mounted on top of our pergola and we have to get the ladder to turn it back on. I love these lights when they are on. Looks great and will still recommend this product.
It was a good not great help to my lawn.
Decreased the bugs but did not eliminate them
Liked the cushion but tends to fall over, gets dirty too easily
Bought this unit and didn't get it out of the box for 14 months. Hurricane Dorian got me nervous, so let's get it running. Start up went smoothly, followed the instructions carefully. After 10 minutes, it quit and would not stay running again. Called customer service, had me check oil level, then disconnect the oil level sensor. Ran well after that, and they are sending me a replacement part. The unit has only run an hour, and seems to provide OK power so far. I will revisit this review after replacing the part, and actually using the generator for a while.
Replacement not in use yet!
alot thicker than i expected.
My carpenter ants didn't like it - the scout that came and discovered the gel drank its fill and went away but no swarm appeared afterwards. It could be that I put too much of this stuff out there, as some reviews say that this only works in small quantities; also I have fur trees all around my house and it could be that there's a ton of aphids in the tree that the carpenter ants are no longer looking for sugar based food. Either way, this didn't work for me and it didn't kill the colony.
It does prevent my flag from blowing away in lower winds, however ....in higher winds my flag has has blown over the stopper.
this came in a hand made "box" that was put together with huge heavy duty staples which were stapled through the product as a result put damaged the product ~ totally unnecessary
One strand had a broken wire and another was a different shade of blue. The 2 remaining strands worked well on my Christmas wreath though.
Internal rubber gasket popped off on the inside had to fix it myself by adding a longer screw and small washer, when the gasket pops off at no longer pressure rises, very important detail, bad design.
It is smaller than I anticipated and it worked fine sharpening the chain saw chain but the file broke half way through the first sharpening
I bought this to try in North Florida, where gnats are not a 6 week problem but a 6 month problem. The problem is that is does attract a lot of flying insects, but the trap area has holes that are way to large to catch gnats. It is quiet and appeared effective for larger flies and moths, but not good for small flies or gnats.
I purchased three sets of these lights. Two of the three sets ended up working, the third didn't last very long, as the wire pulled away from the solar panel only after about a week or so of being on the tree so it was no longer attached. But the ones that still work look neat
Without the product, I caught no wood bees. With the product, I caught no wood bees, at least not for some time. Eventually a lone individual was unfortunate enough to wonder into the trap, After that, others followed suit. Not sure what role, if any, the bait played.
I just set it up today, and I'm sure it'll work just fine. I don't like that I has no bottom, and the lid isn't hinged. I don't understand why there's no bottom. Compost bins should have a screen or grate about 1/2 way down so that the composted material can fall through to the bottom and be separated from the material that's still cooking.
May be a good product, I ordered the wrong size.
Looks good but lights don't last long. Bought two and lights died in both after couple of months.
Not sure how will it works yet
The worst experience I ever had. Would give it no stars if I could !!! Awkward, poorly designed.
Flow valve not working I Unhooked it and turned until I heard gas then my stove would light.
Looks great, some of the holes are dented which made it harder to put together.
Davis makes it really hard for you to get your data onto the Internet or let me say Davis makes it really expensive to get your data on the Internet .
returned as it was to big for my use
The color on the decorative top and sides is no where close to the real Item. Should have returned them.
If I didn't like this item I would never buy it again because it is so incredibly difficult to open the package. Tried steel fishing scissors and sliced my finger open. Once the bleeding stopped and got it bandaged, used a crowbar. Worked with some effort.
Thought they would last more than 11 months, but all are dead with the exception one hanging on for dear life. I was religious with making sure they stayed moist and watered, but sadly a waste of money.
not quite as effective as I expected. Guess we have squirrels that are smarter than average.
The spreader is sized perfectly for me. I had looked around for a while and it seems the size and price were adequate. The fertilizer I had had absorbed a little moisture and was a little sticky but the spreader was able to spread it. I did not give it a top rating because on my way back one of the wheels came off when the C pin fell off. I am certain the clip was installed properly and the only thing I could figure out was that I hit a few bumps which caused it to fall off I think there could be a better way to secure the wheels I may have to do some modifications to prevent that from happening again
The bolt up was fine. Needed minor adjustment. Worked well after adjusting
This item was very easy to install but then I wanted to change something it is really difficult. When I went to the booklet (very small) on how to reprogram I found I had misplaced it. Went to Orbit's website to see if they had an online version. I hit a brick wall because they will not let you into their website unless you agree to let them collect all kinds of information on you, your computer, etc. I know everyone uses cookies but to not even be able to look at products or try to find help without agreeing to all of this is ridiculous. I have bought Orbit product for years but no more. So the problem is not so much with the product, although it could be easier to reprogram, but with the company itself.
I feel the mowers deck and cutting system could have been designed better for making replacement of parts easier. The wheel fits and works well with the belt and spindles. Of decent price and quality.
good price, but jury still out on the product's lifespan
Sucks that it's batteries operated. Came with a stuck broken remote I had to use a nail to open
She'd is very cheaply made. Floor started separating after shed was built. Ground shed was built on was a level concrete foundation. I ended up buying metal strips at a hardware store and secured the flooring and then placed connectable floor purchased at Costco to give the finished product a nice look. Instructions were pretty easy to follow. Recommended not to built in the sun. Plastic becomes extremely soft and screws will strip easily. Not sure how it will handle the rain being I live in California and it hasn't started raining yet. I do like the shed, hence is why I gave it a 3 star. A lot of storage space for what ur paying for. I just wish lifetime would make a higher quality product.
Bugger than expected
Nice comfortable chair but rusted quickly and stained my patio!
This anchor is only going to work in very soft dirt or beach sand. You'll never get it screwed in deep enough into hard ground, even with watering the hole, without breaking it. YMMV, but look elsewhere if you are planning on using this anywhere but the beach, where is may perform very well for all I know.
No bad we will see how they take
Not very effective not really sure if it's boric acid I tried 50/50 and haven't seen much results.
It will crack in a fall
Received and both chairs broken, and only half of one was painted (mini white beach chairs)
The rubber stops don't keep my flag in place--they blow off as well!!! I'm finding that the clips work better!
Aluminum folded and the whole thing fell over just above the lowest junction point.
I had rated this a one star because at first it didn't work when it was connected to the solar panel. Now for no reason at all it is working. Nothing has changed it just started working. I am changing the rating from one star to three because its working now.
It lasted 6 months being used 2-3 times a day for about 5 minutes a day and then started leaking at the top connector.
Not strong enough to run a small 120v vacuum cleaner, to clean car.
I like my regular one better than this one. Not sure this one is that accurate.
This help not get bit as much if we didn't have a net but mosquitoes still found its way it.
Overall pipe is very good quality. Very easy to handle and light. The spraying nozzle is a different story. Started off nice but, just over a month and it's been spewing water from both ends. If you want to water plants, you better be prepared for a shower yourself. No at all happy with quality of this feature. And hence 3 stars.
I received the bokashi and one of the vacuum sealed bag was not sealed so I can't be sure of the freshness. Also, for some reason after placing an order for 1 three pound bag, I got and was billed for 3, three pound bags. I will try to straighten this out with Amazon. I would also have liked to get some information for the product from the company.
This is a beautiful, well made hammock. I do recommend that you flip it over when not in use as it fades in the sun.
No base I like to use it in my apartment
Received the item late and damaged. Company needs to do a better job in packaging their products to not get damaged easily while shipping.
The title says it all. Product seems fine.
Came on time two died after a week and was replaced awesome
It says set of 2, I only received 1. I wanted the other cushion because it goes well with my outside decor. I wish they would just send me the other cushion that I should have received. I have tried to find one to match from other sites and stores but have not been able to find one that matches.
I take some responsibility for not having ordered the right product. However, the information about it was unclear and I missed the fact it wasn't what I wanted. The vendor basically took no responsibility for what I believe to be an unclear advertisement description of the product and it appears I was charged a re-stocking fee when I returned the item. Would have been a great buy if it was the right product I needed. I needed a 4 hole bolt pattern, this one was a 3.
This was ok, but, either my husband didn't do something right or....... I like most of my stuff taste like it was grilled. This didn't.
It works some of the time, but some squirrels are smart enough to figure it out. Still, it seems like the seed is lasting longer than before, so it's scaring something away. Hopefully it's not the birds!
My first order was returned due to package damage. Then my second order came without bolts and clip, this is why I gave it 2 stars for installation. Would have been nice to get what I paid for.
Looks great, a bit pricey, should do the job when we need it to get to the sun.
Not super stable, but works fine for what it is. Biggest thing is that it does work with the older model grills. I don't understand why the box says it wouldn't fit.
Product arrived in a timely manner. I've used it right away, and two of the fairy beasts have been caught and disposed of. I like this product.
Mine required very easy assembly but didn't come with lid (also had previous customers return label inside package) but that's okay I bought a lid and I am not going to send it back. Works great for pouring honey into small jars.
Nice umbrella for the money. Thin lightweight fabric that I hope holds up thru many summers. So far so good. Love the Lime Green.
They are very thin, but if you're just trying to root out some starts for a few weeks, it's good enough for that.
Like the look and initial quality of this product.
can't answer the durability question just go the product.
It took a long time to wait. I planted them and really want beauty to grow.
I literally put this out there 5 minutes ago immediately after the postman left and it seems to work. My water bath is ridged at the bottom so unfortunately the suctions won't work but that's not a fault of the pump. I like it but make sure you have this in direct sunlight and plenty of water in the bird bath.
All good except that the button for the tilt mechanism is way too high up for me to use, so basically, that function is useless.
The only drawback is the way they plug in. The large USB connection sticks out a couple of inches and therefore tends to get knocked around.
This product was semi easy to put together and fits well in the location it was purchased for.
This came out to be exactly what I wanted. It wasnt see thru and it provided the privacy I needed. The only thing was my dog liked to take the leaves off 🙄.
My only complaints about this tent is it had a weird smell to it for the first couple of days sure that's typical with any tent & the zipper is loud & sometimes catchy. All the poles & corner pieces are metal not plastic. I put electrical tape at each connection helped with the rattling & the squeaking.
i thought the tone would be lower....i searched for a "C" note wind chime like my sister has and this one came up....it is a pleasant sound and i like it but not what in was searching for....
Works but the guide bar is not too helpful
We went camping right next to the lake so the bugs are bad and these seemed to help a lot. The way this band goes on isn't the best for kids. It seems to get stretched easy and then falls off.
Got to light up flag on pole. Clamped one to pole facing upward using hose clamps. Orher a few feet away to side of deck. Adequately illuminates flag on 25' pole. Nice product.
Thought it was one piece all the way across but it is 2 short pieces that still work.
Product as described.
Used around home windows. Serving its purpose. Now all we need is to get security system with cameras and surveillance going
Works great! Better than just a PW wand, but not as good as a surface cleaner. Used it on a small area of a tennis court.
Very durable, comfortable and easy to clean. Looks great on my wicker loveseat.
FALSE ADVERTISING, Amazon says 2300 GPH and the manufacturer says 2000 GPH. In My Book, that's FALSE ADVERTISING! See attached scan of the unopened pump package.... Don't take this as a deterrent, running it a week, on a timer, for about 12 hours a day and it starts up and runs just fine. I have it in my small goldfish pond, about 750 gallons, with a lift of a little over two feet. I would buy it again, if it's still offered, when this one eventually gives up it's ghost. ( The 2300 GPH rating is for ZERO lift. )
This bag lasted for about 9-10 months before it started leaking at the velcro closure. The gap could not be closed because the fuzzy side had degraded and there was nothing for the hook side of the velcro to engage. I am satisfied given the price that I paid. The closure did not fail suddenly, but only after several months of service.
Some plants have stickers and leaves that cling to the fabric portion of the glove.
I made my own after going thru it fairly quickly. Bought a gallon of orange citrus oil, add water and a little methylated seed oil (or dish soap). Made 4 times the amount for the same price.
Cant as yet determine durability. Small bt seems solid
I hope this is working. I have not seen any snakes around this device. Hence my 4-star rating. They seem to be substantial and well made.
Well packaged in Mylar sealed bag (wish it was resealable) lots of seeds and will update on germination rate and taste. I'm going to grow this in a hydroponic system. Stay tuned!
Good product for the price. Can get very hot inside depending on where you live. Shelves need to be Ziptied down. Overall a nice place to keep some of my plants.
I am very happy .That just what I needed.
Worked great on my pool. It kept my pool warmer than it has ever been. This purchase was a replacement for this exact cover I bought a year ago. It's essentially a one year cover. Last year's cover was too brittle to use this year. But for the price, it's so definitely worth it. I'll just buy another one next year!
Great value. I wish the tops were attached to the base. No leaks or issues. Perfect for my event.
Worked great, all parts were in the box!!!! Be advised to assemble it where you plan on using it because it's big and took 4 of us to move it after we assembled it.
It appears to be a reasonable product
Looks good, with a bit of loosed grasses
Easy putting together. All the parts were there.
nothing to say they are new and worked for my grill
The length of the cable is good. Connectors between joints work ok. However, if the water pressure is high, it can disconnect the connectors. You can use ziptie to tighten these joints.
Works well for the table but just wasnt impressed with the duller color.
Really effective for keeping out the heat! We noticed an immediate difference after hanging it outside over our sliding door.
Very sturdy once assembled, but assembly requires a bit of muscle to get everything to line up properly.
Wish it was filled more fully; the corners were not filled at all. I would have gotten a bigger insert if I'd known. But I can fill them in myself. They did come VERY qickly though and were not expensive.
works well, but I wish I could use them more than a couple times. They loose their flavor after a couple uses
As advertised, good value.
Cover is cheap thin plastic
I like the fact you can cut things that are up high without a ladder however be ready this thing ways a ton. i used a clip to keep the throttle down so I could manipulate this beast. It is tough to hold the throttle down and cut for long periods of time. If your not a body builder or if you are are elderly and weak i would not recommend.
I'm tentatively hopeful about my aerogarden. I've taken a chance on in spite of the poor reviews. I was impressed with the ease of set up. It has a timing function for the lights and a light that will let you know when it's time to feed the plants. I re-purposed two of the pods with seeds of my choosing, because I don't use a lot of dill or curly parsley. Fingers crossed any of the plants sprout! Expect an updated review if I can get anything to grow.
Nice little lights for craft projects. Work well.
Awesome, arrived early. Great watering system for my sons 4H project.
Love the flags. However I received two of the same Labor day flags and no Memorial day flag.
Not very durable, but okay considering its price.
it cover the land that i have and it smells good
So far it seems to be working okay. Sprayed the screen on our patio door and bugs are staying away. I sprayed the inside of the house around kitchen moldings and wowza the smell is sooooo strong! I ended up stopping with just the kitchen because the smell spread throughout our house so much I didn't know how we would sleep at night.
For the money this is the best grow tent on market
Good pool kinda hell to take apart and the filter needs to be better and stronger but overall good value for the money!
Good size came quickly easy to use
A little shorter than expected.
This thing pumps the water so well that I haven't figured out how to keep water in the bird bath for more than an hour ay a time!! Any suggestions??
A little hard to install.
Good bang for your buck. We have gotten some good use and enjoyment out of this. There is some work in getting the screen attached to the blow up stand, but otherwise it is just fine.
I have 5 identical strips wired up with these.
so they are not very bright so dont expect them to be but for the value and price you cant beet this!
Good price for these plugs
The Cardinals like it, so I like it.
I threw them away once contaminated by a dead or pooping mouse but they look cleanable.
this is for outdoors and we use it outdoors but it can be pretty windy at times and when it is this heater doesnt work very well.
only had on drain hole in the center. Need more than one hole. this unit looks great and will accomodate many plants. I like this product.
did not like trying to fill base with wet sand....other than that its attractive and looks great with the furniture on our patio
Handy little device. Except, where the lights are connected they tend to droop. But for the price, I'm not complaining
Some times the screen gets a little foggy and hard to read.
We really like the quality of this trimmer, and it does an excellent job trimming around the fence line, shrubs, and our many trees. My only issue is that it is a bit on the heavy side; which is caused by the battery weight and the fact that greenworks built it to last. Very easy to change an attachment.
Ok, so I just received them and not had a chance to use them extensively. From little use, they are sharp and cut very well. They are comfortable and the size if was looking for. I own a pair of Felco pruners for slightly larger work. These are perfect for fine pruning of my flowers.
Works pretty well but needs a good amount of muscle. You must hold it with both hands and twist. It is heaver and harder to use then I thought
Sunbrella for desert summers! Very nice, gets compliments, inexpensive but well made and functional.
Smaller than I thought it would be but fits nicely in the flowerbed. I like the little hook to put a small hanging plant or lantern. Sturdy and very cute and unique
They do what I bought them for just fine. When working in the garage, crawling through the attic, or landscaping in the yard, these protect my knees when I need to be down on them. Deducted one star because the Velcro straps were pulling a bit and needed to be trimmed.
This is plastic but looks like metal. I'm glad I bought it, we raise sheep so I like to have alittle bit of "farm" decor here and there and this was a perfect accent piece.
I absolutely loved the fact that it's a macrame light AND plant holder! Delivered quickly and safely. I didn't know before hand that an actual light bulb wasn't included but it wasn't a problem for me since I had one with a cord because of a prior diy light project! Just wanted to mention that in case anyone thought it would come with the light and cord included.... great project, kind of wish it wasn't so stringy but it is still super amazing and will look awesome in my dorm!
Plastic in a couple of places where the original was metal. Excellent fit. Immediate start and smooth running.
I thought they would be a little bigger. But they still look great around our pond.
Worked fine. Decent price for outdoor product.
IT'S WINDY WHERE I LIVE AND MANY OF THE OTHER UMBRELLA'S DIDN'T HAVE AIR VENTS.
Great natural product. Look really nice in my herb and tomato garden
First season using it. Doing good so far
Beautiful colors. I did have to velcro to keep it on the bar. It had a bigger area where the bar goes in and the wind sends it flying off.
The hanger is sturdy enough for a 50' hose. It doesn't come with any screws or anchors for the install though, so you'll need to buy them seperately. But once you have the hardware it's easy enough to install. So far so good!
I've had a Grill Daddy for years and just recently had to replace the original one I had. I don't find much need for the straight front brush, but the main area of the brush works fine for me. The steam feature works well in my opinion. I've never had a problem with bristles coming off, just wearing down.
Runs a little lean, will split back through the carb when opening throttle occasionally. Only minor mixture adjustment needed to run well. Like that it came with an extra bowl gasket.
Good value. I live in a windy area with my garden flags. I have gone through several of the flower shaped stops in the past. I just wanted to get some replacements that did not cost an arm and a leg because I am sure I will lose a few more.
Looks as though they will work fine. Too difficult for me to put together
I carry this and my bypass pruners with me on all of my gardening adventures. The knife is sturdy and can take some abuse. It digs, saws, cuts, slashes, etc. No looseness in the handle after a month+ of regular use. Sharpened it with a whetstone after a few weeks and seems to be staying sharp. The serrated edge is pretty aggressive and is great for getting through grass, roots, etc. I was holding back at first but it seems very tough so I've got no concerns about using it hard. The sheath is cheap vinyl, not leather. Mine was ok but I got a leather sheath with a pruner pouch and belt clip that I like a lot better.
Does what it supposed to do
This is a very sturdy and versatile edger. I am very satisfied with this product.
This is a great feeder and it does appear to keep the squirrels away. However my squirrels can top it to the side and spill the seed out sideways. If it was pole mounted from the bottom or had some sort of way to maintain balance they wouldn't be able to get away with it!
I really studied the reviews on these things before I made this purchase. I had a hard time finding one that wasn't filled with fake reviews. This one at least seemed to have a few real reviews. Anyway, I purchased this for a trip I will be making in September. I want to listen to music on my phone while I'm at the beach, but don't want the battery to go dead while I'm doing it. So far I've charged this all the way up using a wall charger and that went well, and tested it on my cell phone. As a regular portable charger, it works great. Increased the battery by about 1% a minute, even while the phone was in use. It's very sturdy, and the light is super bright. I've walked into a sunny room with it and the lights came on indicating it was solar charging, but I haven't actually used it in the sun yet. I will update my review after I use it on the beach.
This is a heavy duty cover that fit my weber grill perfectly. The only downside is that it is slightly lighter in weight than my previous cover.
Nothing the first 2 days, but trapped 3 on the third day. I would suggest tethering the traps to a structure or stake if you intend to use these outdoors as I believe a rather large critter (raccoon?) may have carried away one of the traps on a paw. Peanut butter seems to be a favorite.
It's nice- looks a tad cheap but it's nice for a navy ornament
Bought these to keep in the camper for camping trips. We set them out in the sun during the day and hang them in the trees around the campsite at dusk. We love these lights for the sake of ambiance but they do not produce a whole lot of light. To anyone thinking of buying these for "glamping", I highly recommend these.
Smaller scoop that what I thought it would be.
Love that the timer helps me to save water set it and if I forget I don't have to worry about over watering
I ordered these seeds from several vendors and Many Cats has come through! Two years ago I ordered seeds from other vendors. One never arrived, one never sprouted and the final one did not survive transplanting to a bigger pot. Those seeds came from China but Many Cats seeds have come from The Phillipines. I planted them in the large pot so no transplanting will have to be done. Just wondering why these seeds come from Asia since the historical origin is Mexico. Even more curious is why they are not grown in California. The cosmos seeds have sprouted. If they actually bloom, I will make it five stars.
These plants are great. They came packaged well and I got one of each type, no doubles. Made me happy. Only issue is that one of them seems to be dieing. Not sure what happened but half of the plant just started to wilt. The other 3 are doing great.
Bought so i could separate my car key from everything else to avoid straining the ignition switch. Works like a charm, unfortunately I found an alternative that could be more useful to me in a smaller form factor for my keys. I do however plan on using the horseshoe bar piece from this as part of my next keyring.
This is my second one. It's pretty thin and doesn't last longer than a year. But for the price it's really fine. The colors are nice. It's really a cute wind sock. I'm sure I'll order again next year
Product arrived missing screws and washers that were part of kit. Customer service request went unanswered. After getting missing parts, installed part worked as designed and solved issue. I recommend purchase but ensure all parts are included before you start work.
So it took me a bit time to get the chain onto the drive notching gear... wasn't clear at first look how it's supposed to fit and the manual isn't exactly clear on that either. No big deal. Then I noticed that there's no oil in the box... hmmm. I should've thought of ordering a quart too but couldn't Amazon or the seller just put a gentle reminder (like.. batteries not included for all kids toys - oh so no reminder necessary for man toys)? So I head to the local Lowe's and get a quart of Husqvarna bar and chain oil... why is the "Oregon oil" that Amazon bundles with the tool so expensive? Anyway... once I got everything set up off I go trim the palm trees in the hot sun. Works great or as good as I expected. I could use a bit more than the 30 deg maximum head tilt angle for navigating through all the leaves and getting a good hold - instead I had to move the ladder a few more times. Not sure how one gets 14 ft total reach.. feels a bit shorter to me. Guess if it was any longer it might be too top-heavy to use. The way it is it works fine but I was at the top step of my ladder. For trimming tree leaves and branches, this seems as good as it gets. Less than 2 hours and I was done with 3 trees, including pulling cables and cleaning up. The last time I did this with a pair of loppers I got 1 and 1/2 trees done in the same time before I was too exhausted to finish it. Taking 1 star off for getting me to go get oils after putting things together.
Very nice looking! One star off because the machining was off on one screw hole so i was unable to place one of the four screws. Im hoping it will not be a problem since i poured in two bags of sand
Nice kit. It does the job.
The spray is not as strong as I needed it to be but it works well on other things.
They look great. The reason for just 4 stars is I haven't tried them out yet, as they are hooked up to hose bibs, but it's winter here, so I have to wait until spring to give them a go. I'll probably order another couple this spring if all goes well.
Great replacement, but was looking for a hose that could be attached to existing hose to extend reach. Have been unable to locate a product that allows this.
haven't seen but two locations of ground disturbance in two months. Pretty darn good!
Strong power and cuts easily. 4 stars because the spool broke in half after about 5 uses.
These products have so far kept out mice. My only complaint is that they do not come in any other colors.
I received the stand in good shape but missing 2 of the leg protectors. Can company send them to me?
just wish it came with a few more plastic stakes....otherwise it would get a perfect 5 star review
I am using this climbing stick for a Golden Pothos. It has only been a few days but the roots have already started to attach. I am using a rubber band for the moment to keep the plant in firm contact with the pole. The roots have started to attach but it is too soon to expect them to support the plant on their own. This is a very effective way to add some vertical support for your pothos. I do not like my pothos to spill down to the floor. To me, it looks better when the plant is climbing vertically. This pole will make it easy to do that without having to nail a trellis to your living room wall! All you need do is insert the metal supports down into the soil and it is strong enough to hold itself up. That said, because the steel supports will need to dig deep into the soil, you need a deep plant pot. Do not attempt to use this on a shallow plant pot. Use a tall, deep pot that holds a large amount of soil in order to hold the metal supports firmly. Use common sense. Moisten the material but do not keep it soggy. You will need some way to hold your pothos to the pole until the roots can firmly attach themselves. Zip ties are too hard, in my opinion. They can damage the plant. I use rubber bands. The rubber will eventually deteriorate and break off. You can also use cotton threads, which will eventually rot away. Rubber bands are the easiest. My pole was slightly bent when it arrived. I do not know if it came out of the factory that way or from the shipping. It's not a big deal because the pothos will eventually cover the pole. The product came in a plastic package. The sharp ends of the metal supports were wrapped in cardboard. Please, be careful when handling the metal supports. The two metal rods do not look sharp but they can easily do damage to your eyes. You do not want to fall on your potted plant because the metal supports are sharp on both ends. Be careful with your pets. Do not stab yourself with the metal supports. I would have preferred thick plastic supports to thin metal rods for better safety. This product is excellent, but beware the two metal support rods. It would have easily gotten a five star rating if the rods had been made of plastic or some type of material that cannot poke you or your animals. I highly recommend this product. It is one of the best products of its kind on Amazon.
pretty cool, holds up well to weather. legs do not move so you know
I already have them hanging in the yard. They didn't even have a full charge and were on last night. Not sure if its bright enough yet or not, as not a full charge. But they're pretty either way.
very good. but some Blue jay still can get it.
This little swing looks exactly as it does in the photos and is very sturdy and easy to hang. For some reason my hummers have been avoiding it like the plague. I have five feeders set up around my porch. The only feeder they stay away from is the one next to this swing. I know they like swings because they use a different swing that I bought from a specialty feed store. They just seem to not like this one. I gave it a couple of months but took it down yesterday. This might just be my picky hummers. Yours might absolutely love it! :-)
I bought these with the glass reservoirs because my cheap bamboo ones with the metal cans rusted through and stained my deck. I didn't like that they held less fuel but they still last a good long time between each refill, though they are smaller than the bamboo style. I like the simplistic design and the glass gives it a nice regal look. The poles are hollow but mine screwed together fairly easily. The weld point between the spiral and the pole cap looked a bit weak but held when tightening. I was going to paint these a rubbed bronze but after my first lighting the black soot made me hold off until I buy some soot-free fuel. Two things I would suggest: 1) Trim the wick down just a bit so the cap seals against the glass better. I didn't and now my fuel is cloudy and yellowed from wicking moisture from the air. 2) Add an overall rain cap to further protect the finish. Because they are conical you can't bring them in and set them on a shelf. So, I use two 2-liter bottles with the tops cut off and painted which does a very good job sheltering them from the sun & rain.
Vibrant colors, says it's fade, weather, and mold/mildew resistant
Adhesive tape on the back is not the best, I had to take electrical tape and reinforce some areas. Remote is a little cheap, the power button kinda sticks but for the money it's a pretty good buy. I would definitely purchase again. They look so dope.
Worked great but I do not recommend using this with a zero turn mower. I couldn't reach the lever to activate the spreading. Will pour continuously when not in motion with the lever set, unlike some spreaders. Let's juat say I put a lot on the ground in one spot. But, very even spread and worked great. Assembled in about 25 minutes.
A basic fan with minimum functions, but does its job. Good deal for the price and it looks nice and simple (not bulky at all)!
Good quality; slightly smaller than specified. You should allow about 1-2 inches more or it won't fit.
If you're not "handy", find someone who is to help you. My friend agreed to help me and it took us about and hour and a half to assemble. There were a couple of false starts involving using the wrong screws in the wrong places. After that our only problem was that instead of sending me a front right leg and a back right leg, both legs were identical, so we would not be able to assemble the wheels. Fortunately, my friend has a center punch and a drill press, so I wasn't forced to wait for the vendor to replace the leg I needed. As far as using the grill, it did a great job smoking a pork shoulder, cooking hamburgers and brats, and cooking a rack of baby back ribs. I did not expect the mess it makes. A lot of greasy ash is left in the bottom of the chamber. (Hint: do not use your household vacuum cleaner to get the ash out.) Having only used gas and charcoal before and having spent more for this grill than any I've ever owned, I wanted to keep it in tip top shape so I've been cleaning it after every couple of uses. Gas is cleaner, although you have the drip pan to deal with and of course the cooking grate itself. The thing is with this kind of grill, you have additional devices inside the chamber. The drip shelf is meant to be wrapped (instructions said "warp") in aluminum file and that helps somewhat, but it still needs a little cleaning. The heat dispersion thing-a-ma-jig gets covered with ash so it needs to be cleaned. Overall, the cooking's the thing and this works better than anything I've ever had. Temperature control is very easy and accurate.
It has been over 7 years since I have had to replace the bulb in the bug catching light, and it does its job well. The light has two jobs, well, three if you count the whole unit as a night light. First, it heats up the glue pad behind it. This keeps the glue soft, and an easy trap for any bug attracted to the soft blue glow. Secondly, the light serves as the focal point for the flying pests. Hopefully this replacement will last just as long.
Seems to do job so far
They only got a 4 because they catch more bugs than they do mice and there is no way to attract termites with a glue trap. You have to try to figure out the air route in apply the trip to it and that's about it.
This flag pole is made for the wind. So far, it has held up through 50 mph winds, on numerous occasions. It is, as most poles, overpriced. However, it does what it is supposed to do.
Works well. The connectors require a little bit of muscle when connecting to my Harbor Freight solar panel and camper battery, but a tight fit is good. I use it with my 1.5 Amp Harbor Freight solar panel. The small panel has never fully charged the battery on a camping trip. It has a yellow light indicating charging and a green one that indicates full battery. You can't beat it for the price and ease of installation. Ready to go out of the box.
Not a bad product for the price. Install was 5 minutes.
planted these one week ago and three have already popped thru the surface. If a couple of more pop up I will definitely be 5 stars happy.
This is a super quality cover. It did not fit my zero-turn completely. I have my ROPs folded down but the cover is not long or deep enough. It needs to be at least 12” longer and 24” deeper to fit properly on mine. Part of my deck, half my engine, and front casters are exposed. This cover is suppose to fit a zero-turn but it's just too small for mine. It would be excellent for a standard mower or garden tractor though. Just wish they offered a larger size and I would definitely order it and use this first one on my standard mower.
Grill cover fits nicely, it has not yet rained here so we'll see how it does once we have our first rains
Umbrellas still fall over in the wind and these are filled to the brim with sand. Theyre easy to use and fill and we get some serious wind, but Ive had some that worked better in the past. I wish I could remember where I had gotten them.
Bright happy lights. Tons of Stars lights - much more than I thought when ordered. Relieved it arrived ontime despite seller not honoring Prime commitments! Seller Waited to send two days and then put it in the mail! Not cool.
I like these, just wish that the glow was a bit brighter.
The mower is excellent. I love it. It's not my first, but it's been a decade or so since I went all lawn-retro and this thing is even better than my first time...so to speak. Thing to realize about using a push-reel mower is that a) you kinda hafta have mostly bermuda grass, b) you have to have your lawn pretty much under control to begin with, and c) there's no such thing as mowing too much. Like, with a regular gas mower, you feel stupid running over stuff you mowed a couple days ago, but with a push-reel mower, that's not only a good thing, but you can probably actually see the clippings flying. Which makes you feel significantly less stupid. That being said, it's got the same problem my first one had. See, in these mowers, the cutting height is controlled by the height of the back wheels, or rollers, or whatever. Rollers, in this one. They're mounted on little plastic legs that, for reasons known only to push-reel mower designers, only have one bolt apiece to hold them on to the chassis of the mower. Basic physics will tell ya that a single bolt that isn't placed at the exact point of stress will result in sideways shear force on the plastic leg, and it does, and the manufacturer's answer is to put a little lip on the soft plastic leg, which does basically nothing after the first time you hit deep grass because the metal chassis cuts straight through the little plastic lip like that's what it was made for. The upshot is, hey, ALL these mowers have this problem. But it IS a problem. So, take my advice and invest in a couple extra 5/16 bolts, make 'em say 1 3/4 inches long, and then put a second bolt through each stupid little plastic roller leg. This will prevent it from pivoting around the first bolt, and let it deal with the sideways torque, and voila, as them French say, you will now be able to apply actual shoving force to the handle without discovering your mower suddenly defaulting to cutting at 1/2 inch when you'd set it to 2 inches. Your grass will thank you. All of that being said, I still give the sucka 4 stars. I mean, it does what it says it'll do better than gas mowers that cost twice as much. These things are awesome.
could have better hangers..
As described, received timely, works as expected.
This is a stunning table and perfect for spring and summer patio furniture. Everything folds to store in the garage during the winter. The quality is fairly decent, especially for the price! I would not expect very large people to be comfortable in these chairs, though. The arms do not fold up and the chairs are built for small/ average weight people. Giving it 4 stars because it was a total pain in the rear to put together, and the instructions were awful (no words, and minimal photos). If you aren't good at assembling furniture then do not buy this table set.
Durable cord and great bulbs. Very appealing appearance.
Have you seen the price of regular old flowerpots lately?!? This is a set of 3 cute little pots, ceramic but not too heavy, saucers are attached, check the measurements and you won't be disappointed that they are bigger or smaller than you expected. My set came with the largest pot defective: the saucer was sealed to the pot rather off-center. Amazon shipped a replacement (thank you Amazon) and hopefully it won't be a repeat issue.
Great quality,handles make it easy to move,exactly as described.
As advertised. However one of the first did not work. It was promptly replaced.
Good product. I am a professional landscaper and have been doing lawn care for over 20 years, I have never seen anything as easy to use as this machine. First impressions is that this equipment is light enough for anyone to use and easy to operate, though it does lack some power. Will cut through some thick vegetation with relative ease, but long grass tends to wrap around the head and shaft, especially if you take it too fast. The line that come with the unit does ok but takes a lot of power to use it. I changed the line worth desert vortex trimmer line and the cut was much better and allowed the engine to be used at about half throttle while doing normal trimming. Great product for anyone with a back injury like me as you do not have to carry the unit just push. I really like that I can trim under objects and that I never seem to have any grass on my legs when I am done. This machine will come in handy allowing me to do some trimming now rather than just mowing all the time, all while saving my back! Once I get used to how it handles, it will be a great addition to my fleet of equipment.
works great for me, feels good quality. Took one star because it's expensive for plastic piece.
I do like it. It's a little thinner than I thought it would be, but it has a nozzle with several settings so it works well for me to rinse off the mower, car and driveway.
Simple to use and appears of good quality.
Colors are nice. Like it. Comes with remote. But no stand
Love the basket. But it does not completely.
I thought this worked quite well and it certainly sped things up. The shaft has a hex shape so it doesn't slip in the drill. We have pretty heavy soil and I didn't have any trouble but you also have to hold the drill firmly like you would for any job or, yes, it is likely to give your wrist a jerk.
We used these for around our banister during the holidays. They are perfect with all the controls for the settings. Recommend.
This is the 2nd stand purchased & we hope to get more than 1 year and 11 mos. out of this one. The photo is of the 1st one & my husband & I were in it when we crashed to the ground! The end grazed the side of my head & slammed him on the wrist & knee leaving bruises. We were playing with our cat & if he had been under when we fell it would have killed him! Overall we have been happy with the stand...until it broke! There were o visible signs of rust or wear when it was assembled. I would suggest inspecting frequently to avoid injury.
Not exactly same model that came on my mower but it works like it.. Only reason down one star.
Pretty nice but I wish it wasn't paper underneath. Seems kind of flammable for being inside a sauna.
Does the job. Had to return the first one because it randomly stopped working. Replacement seems to be slaying bugs so far
This is a beautiful flag and we had it up all of April! Exactly as described and came in as expected.
This arrived earlier than I thought, great. Went together extremely easy, packaged well, arrived in great shape. Being made of hard plastic, it is a bit light, so when not using or on windy days may have to bungee cord it around the grills of my deck. You get what you pay for and this will do just fine... I recommend it.
Professional Carpet cleaning company.
Works fine, but not as well as I was hoping it would. It does get between the grates well. We'll see how well it holds up.
Haven't used it long enough to see a huge difference in the amount of savings gained by not using so much chlorine.
Scent is pretty overwhelming. Effectiveness is moderate at best. Bands are comfortable and fit adults and kids.
Worked perfect for fixing my non working pressure washer!
The traps works and usually does not injure the mouse. Occasionally however the mouse does lose part of its tail as the door slams shut. But the mouse seems to be OK even in that case. The big issue for me is cleaning the trap of mouse droppings. In the end I did a simple modification to make the trap easy to disassemble. Disassembled it become easy to clean. I don't understand why the manufacturer did not change the design so that it could be more easily cleaned right out of the box.
I didn't really pay attention as I should have and the edging was shorter than I expected, but it functions well on our planter areas to hold back the mulch and create an edge to weed whack against. One note, if you have more flowing edges (i.e., not straight) then they don't really provide enough stakes. We managed, but if they allowed you to purchase extra stakes that would be helpful where you're trying to create curves.
Sign is well made and nicely finished. Now let's hope unwanted solicitors will actually take the time to read it.
Top few were broken and little flimsier than I would have hoped.
Replaced an old one in my front yard garden of rose bushes.
This solar light is working great and illuminates well. The size is good for my backyard pathway
I bought five, drilled drainage holes in 4, and am planning on using them as stacked sprouting for fodder. I like the product a lot so far, but I am concerned about the strong chemical smell. Other posts say it goes away. I am waiting to see. Anybody know if the smell is typical for polypropylene? What am I smelling? How does this off gassing interact with food safety?
I like this orchid mix however the pieces are too big for my mini orchid, the root stopped expanding because they are blocked by the larger pieces. I mix this mix with regular soil for my orchid and cactus, and seems to work most of the time.
Very nice lights, easy to handle & easy to use!
Bought this to lift 5 gallon cans of diesel up on the hood of my tractor. Seems to work well for this purpose. Don't think I would try lifting anywhere near 250 lbs., though. A nice unit with good quality braided rope.
Good size and easy to place
Have to re-apply regularly
They are easy to use and are easy to open when you only have one hand. Does what it is supposed to do with relative ease as compared to the previous plastic ones I use.
More of a brown color, not great quality but look nice
Once you have it out of the box, it's easy to get it to stand up - great umbrella -
This cigarette lighter adapter has three USB ports. It doesn't block your cigarette lighter because it has a built in cigarette lighter. It also has an LED battery voltage display. The three USB ports make it very convenient to charge multiple devices. I like this adapter and I would recommend it.
These worked really well in helping me chop back my raspberry plant, only one thorn prick made it through the gloves. They fit well and aren't uncomfortable, I do love that they come up to my elbows so I can reach into the plant without harm. However, I was pretty annoyed that they put a industrial staple right through the gloves.
I love the fact that you can use these as wall ornaments. The glass is very delicate and hang flat, you don't even notice the hooks. I used mine to display my air plants.
Not much to say. Does what it's supposed to do.
My husband installed it in the neighbors lawnmower, works Great !
I was expecting another kind of pussy willow. The brown fuzzy, small buds. These are white, longer fuzzy buds. They did root and are in soil now.
Some pairs have either both lefts or rights... over all good product I have been using these for years... there thin enough to feel what ur doing but they do deteriorate fast depending on the kind of work ur doing
Easy to assemble (one chair I was shorted two washers but...) It is very comfortable to sit in. Only reason not given five stars is that the back is lower than it seemed. Overall very pleased though.
Loved the Cat for Halloween. It went great with the rest of my decorations. The motion sensor didn't work quite like it should which is the only reason I gave it 4 stars, but I still liked it and would purchase it again.
I like all of the items included the Most I like the color choices the least
This is a great product, really helps to conserve smoker fuel by smothering flame. The cork was too large for any of my 3 smokers (all by different manufacturers). I bought a tapered size 6 cork and it works great.
Handy hose. Easy to use when connected to my pressure washer.
Works pretty well. I bought a used riding mower and swapped out the blades with these. I cannot say if or how much better they would work than the OEM blades since the ones I took off were about as sharp as a rubber eraser and very bent and dented. Also they did come with a paint like coating over the entire blade including the cutting edges. I filed the coating off and gave them a very sharp cutting edge. Over all I like them and would but them again
I love them! They came in within 2 days and are beautiful and healthy. Only issue is I ordered 40 and received 38 😕
This was a replacement for one we had for years. After working in the garden beds we scrape our shoes before going into the house. Cleans the treads fine.
I love that it fits easily into my small bucket of soapy water and gets into the shower corners. The bristles are stiff enough that they clean the grout well. Not having to bend over is a blessing
Does the job for my patio heater
We live where we can have a fire on the ground and this tool is great for large campfires. Only drawback is the teeth are hard to align so small or round logs are tough to clamp and pick up. Great buy and excellent price.
non staining formula. great for getting in crevices.
I haven't had this long, so far I like it.
Very nice just not for me.
The chairs are comfortable and lightweight (we use them with our RV). They fold up relatively flat. The flip-up shade is nice in the sun. The only thing I do not like is the knob to tighten the reclining function does not grab tight enough, so they will still recline. I resorted to putting a bungee cord at the bottom of the legs to keep it in upright position.
Love the look on top of gingham carpet
Worked like it should except it would fit inside tank with the screen on. Not sure if it's my tank or the screen size but I'm pretty sure my tanks original. Other than the screen, it worked perfectly, no leaks.
Does what it says but time consuming.
You have to wait for these seeds to come up, I planted one year and they did not come up until the next year
Nice and thick. Imparts good flavor.
Great for my kitchen!!
Pretty dusty, but does the job! Better than putting stone gravel in the base of my pots for good drainage. Not nearly as heavy & reserves the water without worry of mold or mildew buildup. Nice amount for the price too!
Love the color. Seeds look good and prices great. Too early to plant to see if seeds come up.
Hope it works as good as it looks
Aw man, I just got mine delivered Monday from Renogy, it was $50 more and I paid for shipping... if you're wondering, current price $850 and free shipping is a great deal! Compact, lightweight, going to hook it up this weekend. Got a lithium iron add on for my IOTA charge controller, and a Lithium solar controller coming from Renogy next week.
Much cheaper buying in bulk. Wish the bag was resealable.
I BOUGHT 20 LIGHT 6X6 AND THEY WORK PERFECT BY 3 DAYS BUT AFTER THAT 2 LIGHTS STOP WORKING, AND 5 DAYS LATER ANOTHER 2 LIGHT MAKES THE SAME THING. NOW I CALL THE SELLER AND THEY SAY THAT GOING TO SEND ME THE REPLACEMENT (I HAVE 10 DAYS WAITING, SO FAR). THE OTHER 16 STILL WORKING IN THE SAME POOL AREA. I DON'T KNOW WAS CAUSED THAT, JUST HAPPENED.
The filter arrived in a timely manner as expected from Amazon. It was installed yesterday afternoon and ran for less then five minutes. Just long enough for the backwash cycle. This morning when the pump was turned on the plastic housing that feeds the return line split in half. Not sure if it's a defect or poor quality products but it ran for less then 8 minutes total. Seller has been contacted and I'm waiting for a reply. I will update this review once I hear back from the seller with the outcome. Update: After contacting the manufacturer about the problem they promptly sent me out a replacement. I spoke with them multiple times and everyone I talked too had really good customer service. So far we're really happy, the filter is working extremely well and our pool is crystal clear. I'm updating the review from 1 star to 4. Customer service deserves a 5 star but all the time it took setting up the 1st one just to find it damaged then having to have to the pool sit a week without a filter made for a lot of unnecessary trouble.
Good product. Had a few defective units out of 64 units received but decent overall. Would recommend.
Two undamaged boxes arrived, each containing 38 - 2 inch pots, carefully packaged and healthy. The succulents were planted in 8 inch round pots, 5 plants in each for our wedding table centerpieces. An unknown person at each table was selected to take their tables pot home, identified by a round dot stuck to the base on one fork, out of 8 place settings. It was a hit and no pot was left behind. My only thought would be a bit more variety in the succulents sent out.
Great for small jobs when I have to move around the yard. Only issue is pressure sometimes. I'd buy again
I ordered 2 so I got 4 bulbs. One of them was pretty puny. None of them were sprouting as other reviews said. I just put them in dirt a couple days ago and already see growth. I put them on my front porch which gets morning sun. So far so good, will have to see if they make it.
Overall a good product
I used it one time so far. It did the job, it was easy to use and not over sized for storage. The shoot gives options on where to put the snow. We are getting more snow tonight looking forward to using this again. We had our first major snowstorm and this starts up with no problem and moves the snow with no problem. I was just saying to myself I don't know why I've been living in the same place for more than 10 years and did not get a snow blower. We should be getting more snow within the next week we'll see if it stands the test of time it'll be 3 uses by then.
I'm really excited to hang it up because I want plant themed decor for my living room! When I opened the package, I was surprised how heavy it was but it makes sense because it is made of glass. The 3 tiers aren't evenly spaced as I expected but it doesn't bother me much since I can just put a bigger plant in the middle. I've a solid product.
Device just arrived and seems to work OK, but the test of time will tell for sure. My main problem is the instructions. The English translation from Chinese is poor and incomprehensible in places. I can't tell from the instructions what the UPS button does(?)
Just what I was looking for.
Bought these as a gift and they loved it.
The length was pretty good but I wanted longer. Was easily able to adapt this to a 3 foot long plumbing pipe from the local hardware store. Top connection is also a standard garden hose.
Works just fine. I would like to have seen a somewhat longer plastic tube but I added a couple of feet more.........worked just fine.
Pros -Everyone in my house liked it. -Bright -Gives it a snowy christmasy feel -sturdy -compact Cons - Cable length was not enough - Should have reduced the speed of the sequencing slightly
All in all, it was what I was looking for--my only thought is that it's a bit shinier than I'd like.
what can you say about pool chlorine tabs. you put them in pool, pool stays clear - good.
This is pretty effective, but I prefer the older-style squeeze bottle.
i got them few days, but i really like this forks very much ,colorful design especially for the wooden handle for easily grasping ,also have different colored accents ,making fun set for my child ,they can't wait to ask me to go camping
I like that it's lite weight ....I disliked that the cord falls off in use
The label said "approximately" 145 tablets per jar. The jar looked half full but I thought maybe the tabs had settled during shipping. I counted them as I put them in my 7500 gallon pond and was sad to see that only about half of the promised tabs were there. Very disappointing. I will not being ordering from this company again.
For what I was looking for this was sufficient. I'm able to keep this umbrella in my leather briefcase. I chose this model based on size and price to tell the truth. The umbrellas has opened "Inside Out" once, not sure how that happened but may have been user error.
the seeds is good, i planting when i got them, and they don't grow flowers up to now. i will see them, four stars
I have had these a few weeks, so far so good. one was a bit brown upon delivery, it seems to be turning around and the other ones are nice so I am hopeful it will last.
Used for decor in my wedding & really loved the effect! The different light settings was also a really night feature. My only complaint is that I bought these under the impression that they emitted warm/ yellow light, but to me they seem more on the cool end of the spectrum. Still lovely though, and battery life was great!
4 Stars because I have not tried it yet. Friend has one very nice unit.
Used for the top of our homemade hamster cage. Worked great
Okay, so far here is an image of 1 brick that has been soak in distilled water and placed in a 4 or 5 gallon pot. As moisture evaporates soil will rise. Unfortunately I was unable to sample the growth effect this soil would have on plants before my plant died. I purchased it on a Saturday and it died on Sunday no refunds all sales were final my $46.00 down the drain.
Doesn't really turn well at all
There's a little bit of play in the finished product, so be prepared to reset the hammock a few times. Very sturdy, though.
This product is lightweight, compact, and works. However, one trade off for these features is that the brim of the hat is not very stiff. As a result, it is possible for the netting to lie against your neck or cheek in which case it is possible for bugs to bite you still. No head net will ever be perfect, but this one works as well as one would expect and is ultra-portable.
Definitely adds tranquility and sense of beauty to my ears.
Wish it had 3 holes but its good for the money
It's a great sign large enough to see. The only thing I didn't like was when I was putting it together I had to drill holes for the screws they were no centered.
This parcel box is really durable. Made to withstand the most extreme weather condition and even the most powerful hits. It's a great size for residential recipient. It will hold a good amount of mail and a smaller parcel box. The locking storage area is ideal to keep packages safe. I love the fact it comes with 4 keys, as you can have spares on hand in case of emergency. This parcel box is more ideal for mounting and even comes with hardware and wall anchors. It could be used as a free standing box with proper hardware and reinforcement. The sleek black look makes it a perfect match for any home or small business without being an eyesore to those looking on. Overall great quality parcel box, I highly recommend.
Gave as a gift. Receiver seemed pleased with it. It arrived in a damaged box, but parts inside were undamaged.
We bought two bags... The rocks were much attractive and decorative than we thought they would be. They are perfect for our planter.
Good bright colors. Sorry it wasn't made in the USA.
Used these parts to restore a 20 year old chainsaw, was very surprised to find parts still available.
Wood NEEDS to be treated/sealed, -1 Star. You need to be very careful when setting it up, the wood cracks very easily but relatively easy directions to follow
Works like it should.
Nice product, great price, still didn't get the amount of spark I wanted. Can't fault this product as it is factory stock.
I like the ease of installation. Directions was also easy to figure out. product arrived quickly and packed very well would recommend to others
Installed this new carburetor at 1/3 the cost of the OEM carburetor. It fit just fine but didn't come with the same intake gasket. It also surges ever so slightly. I would still buy this over an OEM for the cost. My day
Good umbrella but brown has faded quite a bit on outside.
It did NOT come with silicone gloves as advertised which is why I chose this one over the other options on Amazon. The basket seems large and sturdy though. Edit: They sent me the gloves very quickly within two days. Changed my rating to 4/5.
Cute! Small, and not the highest quality in the world, but hey, you get what you pay for.
Love this cooler! Best thing about it's that it's leak-proof. Tipped over and no water leaked out. Keeps everything nice and cold and for several days. Love how it gives you serval options to carry the cooler. Overall I'm pretty impressed with it. Only thing I don't like is the logo on the zipper cause it looks like a d*** and two balls and unfortunately everyone sees the same thing when they come to get something from my cooler; at least it's a conversation starter lol.
When we first used it many screws and bolts fell off, we out it back together. now it works fine.
This product is excellent! I had spend a lot of money with other products, and even had a proffesional pest control person and nothing worked until I bought Advion. It got rid of the infestation. I had two buy two sets, I did the first treatment and waited a month and followed up with a second treatment and my house is roach free now. Thank you! The only negative thing I have to say is that the tubes have very little amount. If they add just a bit more I would have given them 5 stars.
I like it my plants grow really fast
Are use this with my Traeger to add a little more smoke. I had a little issue getting it to stay lit but now I have the hang of it and it works good . A full tube last me about three hours.
They are pretty, but much smaller and dimmer than I expected. Don't hold a charge long.
I have a small wrist, and this fit well. Though I am glad the band is adjustable, as it had to expand on even a small wrist.
I think it works, used for deers, haven't seen any deer since installing
It is a good quality product, the bonus is the small shut off valve near shower head. I don't like the shower head compare to my older one. About durability, i am not sure but i believe it will last long.
Love it! Looks great and holds flower pot well just wish they had a little more room between bottom and top shelves.
Had to cut down a tree in my back yard and this did a fantastic job of it and turned the tree into nicely flush cut pieces I'm going to dry out and use as firewood. Keep in mind this wood was not dry and was very much green or still fresh and it even let me cut pieces up to 4 inches in diameter. I recommend this product especially for the price. We shall see if it lasts however.
The grates didn't fill I had to weld them down to install...
Very cool for outside around the back porch. Lights up our small area perfectly. Only downside is I have not figured out how to get them not to blink.
Not as big as I thought. We have a lot of pool floats and it will only fit our diving toys, Google's, noodles and smaller round floats. Not enough room for mats or large tubes. We just hung flag poles for thr other stuff. I have thought about buying another one because we like the convenience so much.
Overall, great deal for the price. Love that the chairs are deep enough to curl up into. Cushions are just okay, but I was happy to get them! The rocking chairs are good quality for the price, however, I didn't know that they came with a plastic strip and screws along the bottom. Watch out as they could scrape up your deck if you rock too hard. The table is HORRIBLE quality. The glass barely sits in it properly and it is so wobbly. The frames came somewhat scratched but I didn't want to bother returning. It's fine.
Bought in the beginning of June for my crazy muddy backyard. Thus far, they have held up with no leaks into my shoes. The height hits right below my knees as well so it keeps splashes from getting in.
Received but haven't used yet, but telling a book by its cover, I feel these must be the best nozzles I've ever bought.
probably i have to check size but for street is not too high sign
Almost perfect fit. Have to file the ribs that stick up around this sleeve. Otherwise, it won't fit into the tube.
poor customer service
Came quickly. Better then the pictures led on.
This worked pretty well. When added to our houseplants, we saw a dramatic reduction in the number of gnats in the house. Be aware that these can lose potency if they are not used soon after receiving them, or if the temperature drops or raises significantly.
Love the happy pattern! These are shorter than expected. Light and comfortable for short term wear.
These serve as both a nightlight and a great way for my son to display his artwork. Win win! Only thing I would want different is for the cord to be a bit longer from where the lights start and where the USB is. Mad it tricky to find a spot for them close enough to an outlet without losing all the clips to behind furniture.
ARRIVED ON TIME & IT'S PERFECT FOR WHAT I NEEDED, I PLAN TO USE THEM TO HANG UP A BIRD WATER & FOOD FEEDER IN A TREE JUST OUTSIDE OUR BAY WINDOW.
Reliable and worth it..
Great set for the price. Very sturdy! Perfect for our front porch! Love it! The pad is super light and blows off even in a breeze but it's a great set. No complaints!
For the price this is nice. The back rest cushions are constantly blowing off. You could Velcro or tape them but I generally bring them in before it rains. I will try a Velcro. If this lasts a few years it will be worth it. Assembly was a bit of a pain.
Description was spot on.
These are very cute but the elastic on the back is flimsy and way too loose. It took some time to tighten it so it wouldn't slip off the light fixture. I expect it to break before the end of the season with the snow and wind.
Item received timely and as advertised.
Overall, this is a basic watering can. It pours water, but the one drawback is leaks. When I tilt it to pour the water, it drips in a spot that it shouldn't, under the white spout part, so no when I'm watering My indoor plants, water ends up on the carpet. Other than that it's a decent watering can for a good price.
So far it has fulfilled my needs.
Did the trick. Took 4-5 days.
Works pretty well behind an ATV for dragging our ball fields. It tends to clump a fair amount but still levels/smooths things out
It seems to get jammed up a little more often than I would like, but overall it works great!
I love these twinkle lights. Remote on and off with timer and a variety of options for flashing, etc. my only issue is that some of the lights in this set varied in size and brightness. It was strange. I used all new batteries so i know that wasn't the problem. I have two sets in a large garland and the varying sizes and brightness made it difficult. I had to weave one strand from one end to the other and the same with the second. Otherwise one part of the garland looked brighter than the other. Sorry, not sure that made perfect sense. Never had this issue with twinkle lights and we own quite a few sets.
I use these once my seeds that i start in starter cells need to graduate up! They are perfectly sized. Only complaint is they are a bit flimsy but for how i use them they work just fine.
It worked well. I have been using it for a while and it's easy to use and easy to clean.
Similar to other reviews, the skimmer doesn't work well using the pump/filter supplied with the Intex pools. Just not enough suction is created. Installing a larger pump/ filter from a previous pool, solved that issue. The skimmer basket has large slots that allows all but the largest pieces of debris (leaves) to flow to the filter. Using a skimmer sock that fits around the skimmer basket helps to trap the smaller pieces, and insects, but when the sock dirties it really clogs the skimmer output and reduces the flow of water. When the kids use the pool it's a sock a day or more.
worked as advertised
i like it, the kids like wearing them and keep them on. i'm not sure if they 100% work but the smell is obviously there, so i'm sure it doesn't hurt anything
Would have gave 5 stars if the plant tags were not so cheap. Hard to stick them in the soil they are so thin the bend. Everything else is great
Very comfortable, just need a cup holder.
How many gallons of gas does it hold on full
Bought these for my Gravely 460. Same blade but not as sharp as when I buy them at the local dealer but for $25 less I can use a file.
Work great. I use it for driveway and side walks etc.
These are very cute lights to add a decorative backlighting to your garden/patio. I have to make sure the solar panel is in a good spot that gets regular sunlight but these are TOTALLY worth the price!!
Comfortable and fairly well made.
Some of my solar lights have panels that can be pointed ANY direction - but these lights only adjust up and down. In other words, for the best solar energy, the panels should face south; and on these lights, the light will also face south - you can't turn the light to the west, for example, and still keep the panel facing south. Hopefully it won't matter
I really like it except for the color. I may paint it and then will update the review.
arrived on time has not caught many wasps as yet.
After reading some reviews, I was worried about the handles of the mini shovels & rake falling off, but they've held up extremely well for me. My only issue is with the mini scissor/clipper. It bent out of position pretty easily after only a few uses, so it no longer works at all. I tried to bend it back with no luck. Other than the clippers, I've used everything in this set almost daily since I received it. I'm honestly surprised with the quality of this kit.
Works just like the they say.
It's well worth it just to be able to cook fish filets on the grill. Veg, especially tomato slices, also do exceptionally well, too. Nothing falls through. The only problem is that it is so large, it is difficult to clean in the sink. Strongly recommend measuring your grill before you buy.
Great chairs, very comfortable
It states Pu lining but there is no lining just one fabric. It seems to block sun well. It seems to be sturdy. We had some strong winds and rain and it stayed together. We've only had up a few days. So far would say a great deal for the price.
Actually haven't trapped with it yet, but I've owned and used several styles of traps...and I like hardware on this. It feels solid, but light. It popped together in 5 minutes...I had to go grab a tool to pinch down two side bar tabs.
After about 1 month's use, I am very pleased with almost every aspect of my heated birdbath and stand. The finish is easy to clean, the stand holds the birdbath securely within its circular frame, and the internal heating feature seems almost too good to be true. The only shortcoming of the birdbath is the stability of the 3 legs on the stand. A welded 4 leg stand, I seems to me, would be much more stable and easy to level and keep level, although perhaps not as easy to ship, Ultimately, I'm not sure why the company chose this design for the legs on the stand.
It keeps bugs on the outside from coming inside.
Has held up well for the past several months. No complaints about this yet!
It is not as sturdy as I thought
Love the fact that it has super brights LED lights, and the different modes it has, very very awesome! I just wish it could be a bit longer for my room!
Beautiful, still moist plants! All arrived healthy. 4 stars because they don't identify what type of plants they are/include care instructions for each. Regardless, would buy again!
I like okay for what I paid for it, I'm having a little trouble getting it to light - other than that I didn't notice it not having a heat temp monitor..
Great Quality Nozzles. East to adjust and made with quality parts. Will last forever as long as you don't have Hard Water. If the flow from nozzle becomes weak from minerals affecting nozzle, just place in a small container with Clorox for an hour and it clears any blockage. Great product but the distance they claim the Spray reaches is a bit exaggerated, so order longer distance Nozzles to compensate. I found that Rain Birds Distance Claims are about 3-4 feet overstated.
Have not used but quality is there
Price worth what you get. Just quality is not that good as I think.. one of the tool feels like coming off if you use it harder
I was in need of this like it
Use this to start my Charcoal grill. Very convenient. The last one worked for around two years then it cracked through the coil. For the amount of use we put these starter's through I think it's a good buy.
The sweeping action is really smooth and can be easily adjusted. The bag doesn't hold much, so it has to be emptied often. Brushes seem to hold pine needles and any vines get really wrapped. Not a game changer. just accept this regular cleaning as normal maintenance
Liked the options for spray and depth - my birdbath is not terribly deep, and because it has a textured bottom the suction cups don't "stick", but it floats on top of the water and works just fine. I don't care for the construction as much - I haven't yet found a way to replace the battery (if it should quit working) or even to turn it off when not in use. I suspect I'll need to turn it upside down and place it in a dark space or box during the winter months so it doesn't continue trying to run.
Perfect for hanging bird feeders.
All good ,but no way to adjust height.
Works fine. But haven't used it often.
but I will keep him. Nicely made, besides the color, and has a good weight to him. He has very detailed work. I would like to get woody next.
About as accurate as you can expect any in-lid thermometer to be. Looks nice.
This fit very well, on my Brinkmann fairly well, though it is a little tight. Even though it is a 72 inch cover and my grill is a 72 inch grill, the cover could use a little slack on the ends so I don't have to worry about the sharp edges ripping my grill cover. The material feels very strong, but several repeats of putting it on and off I expect there to be some fabric wear in the corners of the grill cover because of how snug it was over my grill. There are little loops and clips for attaching it underneath the grill so if you are planning on long term storage it is really great!
Inexpensive but a good value
I love this little guy. The only thing that knocked a star off is that I was shipped the wrong Groot (the one with his hand on his face, not the one with the heart hands.) Still, he's adorable even if it isn't the one I specifically picked out. I hot-glued a soda bottle cap into his underside to catch water runoff from the hole in the head compartment, and he's adorable.
Bought this last week and used it over the weekend to trim the bushes around my house. It worked even better than expected and cut up to 1/2 inch branches well. I didn't have to wrangle with an electric cord like I used to with an older version and it didn't stop when I turned certain angles like my gas model did. It really light weight and maneuverable. The only thing that could be improved is the safety trigger. In my opinion it was a little annoying but definitely not a show stopper. Great brand, great product, I highly recommend!
Worked fine. Was damaged in shipping had to use solenoid off old carb because red wire was broken off new one.
Trap caught the mouse within two hours of me placing it. Only problem I had is that one of the six traps received would not lock back. Beside that, they are great traps.
Bottom line up front: This is an excellent, high performance saw at a very reasonable price. Build quality is much better than expected for a lesser-known tool company. Battery life is more than adequate, and the saw cuts quite large trees with very little effort. Also, it's very quiet with comparable performance to a gas powered mid-range model. Unless you're professionally logging, this should be all you need. The only reason I dropped a star for value is because a spare/replacement 4Ah battery costs about 2/3 of the tool with battery, and although I'm contemplating upgrading my aging Black and Decker 20V yard tools to some of the other WEN 40V yard tools, they only come with that 2Ah battery (except the mower, which I don't need). I bought this chainsaw in response to a giant tree of heaven that fell from my property onto my neighbors after our last big storm. The tree was probably about 40-50 feet long, with several 12" or so thick trunks. I charged the battery fully before use, and spent approximately 10 minutes setting up the saw and adding oil, in no rush whatever. Super easy, and although not necessary for me, it came with one of the best-written manuals I've seen in a while for an inexpensive tool. I took it out back the following morning (today) and proceeded to chop over half the mangled mess of tree into manageable firewood lengths in about an hour. The saw easily took less effort and time to operate than moving the wood. The battery read half charge by the time I cleared the 30 or so feet that I was removing from the neighbors lawn and decided to call it quits. Very satisfied with my purchase so far. Side note: doesn't quite have the same effect as the gas powered models when you chase people around with it. Oh well.
I bought this for my small student apartment because I felt that I needed more decorations and I am overall happy with it. To be honest I don't know if I will be using it for plants, but I felt that I could use it as a bowl if I just fill the hole with glue. Additionally, I could use the wood underneath as a surface to serve things like cheese on. So if you like it as a container and like the color but are not sure whether you actually will make the meant use out of it, consider other options! It is very versatile and classy so it can work for different things.
My son really likes it
Not a bad product, it works well, very loud, output gets clogged easy. Slows down our progress.
I put this around the center pole rather than under a feeder and I dump mealworms and other items on it. The birds seem to like it. It has a tendency to spin if the birds, squirrels, etc jump off too quickly. It does make it easier for squirrels to access the hanging feeders so I may need a baffle
They replaced a part that was broken right away. Very responsive. I took away 1 star because the end caps that the top attach to are plastic and easily broken and they really should include a few extras of those. Everything else is very sturdy and should hold up nicely for a while
Very sharp shear that comes with a replacement blade. Test pruned a large plum tree, and this shear works like a charm. The only complaint is the plastic handle wrap was not not glue on, and keeps sliding off. I eventually put a few drops of super glue, and now it stays on. One star removed for the poor design of the handle.
So far this light is running strong. It's a great buy and is exactly what it says.
Not an exact replacement, took some working g to get everything lined up correctly and a lot of adjustments to get the grill to function like it did with the old burners.
I cannot write a honest review because I have not had time to use them. I planted 4 Clematis plants & they did not survive. Hopefully I will have better luck next spring & the weather isn't so hot.
Works well for the job and price
The missing pod was loss of one star. I wasn't too concerned about all of the pods hatching as praying mantis will eat each other if there isn't enough food around. I just wanted to be sure to get a bunch so that some survive to adulthood.
Its a little small. Actually, they are mini. The whole set was a lot smaller than expected.
I've tried several types of fruit fly traps and this one works the best. Can be pricey for a small plastic apple but at least the fruit flies are gone. It's a shame the "juice" that comes with it only last about 2 weeks until it evaporates.
Love it! They look great, same as they do in the pictures. I gave it a 4 stars because after a few days one of them stopped working. Would give it a 5 star if I receive a replacement.
It is absolutely beautiful... The only downfall is the way the glass was blown at the top didn't loop in the center and it hangs crooked.
Smaller than expected but worked for what I needed them for
Looks kind of cheap in person, but it is lightweight and easy to carry around (folds conveniently), and it is still a sturdy table. I preferred the looks of an $8 wood folding table I saw at Walmart, but this is much lighter and easier to carry around. And the sage colour, though darker than I expected, is nice.
Did exactly what I needed it to! And worked perfectly. No leaks or anything!
Not a really bright light and doesn't cover a wide area, but good enough for a walkway.
We sprayed the entire room and it really did smell great. Can't definitively say whether it worked or not on the bugs as we have not used the room in question since, but from inspection it seems to have helped.
These mats are made of recycled rubber, they are solid and heavy. I won't have to worry about them blowing away in the Oklahoma wind. I bought more of these mats in different patterns. I am using some inside, some outside.
I'm glad to know the chemical is safe for us and our pets, because it does have a strong chemical odor that lingers for up to a day. Also, we've bought 3 bottles of this product and 2 of the 3 squeeze nozzles have broken. The product itself definitely does the job, but its important to note that treatment needs to be kept up for up to a year cause bedbugs/ eggs can stay dormant a long time. We have also used a steamer as another treatment along with this product.
There are challenges to assemble this item. One of the two I bought was relatively ok to put together, the other, because of unevenness of sides, was more challenging. All in all, I do like it and have received compliments on how it looks.
Don't like the blue plastic sleeve at nozzle connector end. It's flimsy and gets really mushy when the sun hits the plastic. But the hose is good.
because it's got 3 slots the combs should be of similar weight. If not it wobbles. Outside of that it works as advertised.
I wish they would shine little brighter
These are the best easiest mouse traps I've ever used! I knocked one star off as I had a couple of no kills (still alive and needed to be dispatched) but they still got them I guess and after about 6 trapped mice no more sign in the last few weeks.
Cover arrived and fit as advertised. Easy to use with quick fit fasteners to keep in place. Works great!
Did not have a problem for the most part and the light quality is pretty good
Flexes quite a bit holding up well
This product is a good value for the money. I like the fact that it has multiple fountain heads. Also, the light is very bright. It was easy to put together and the only downfall was I was expecting the pump to have more power, but is adequate.
Appears well made. Used one when in the forest service after I got out of the military and waiting to get back to school. This one seems as well made with the right heft. I would have liked an integrated rake with handle, we'll see how the nut and bolt idea holds up when I get a chance to use it this spring.
Battery packs are somewhat lose and flicker with movement. I had to duct tape them tighter. Other than that this is great for the price
Love it. Good wood quality for the price. Smaller than it looks on the pictures. A bit unhappy that there were visible splinters and chips that I had to fill up with some wood putty. Says treated wood, but I decided to stain it anyways to protect from weather damage. I added safety chains on each end attached via carabiners so they can be easily removed. Made 4x tie downs with 1/8in metal wire and mounted these on each of the 4 corner legs and anchored down to the ground. Made it wobble proof. End result in the pic.
I only gave four stars because as much as I love it, it is really heavy when full and so i cannot fill it to water my plants. Note size when ordering as it is large (which is what I wanted), but it's heavy. Still will use it and like it!
Pretty good value for money. Obviously it's not a heavy duty one. Perfect for small to small-medium around the house gardening needs. Lightweight yet easy to handle and pretty easy to use. Make sure not to try to trim thicker than 1/2" branches.
Very quick and easy to install and so far we had no problems with it
But did grow grass in the shade.
Good for when you're on the go! you can take it with you anywhere treasure hunting!
The seller actually shipped this to me from Lowes where they paid about half what they charges me. My own fault I guess for not shopping around more.
its what I ordered lawnmower
I just took it out of the package yesterday so not sure how long it will last. The cover came out of the package with holes in it so it doesn't seem very sturdy. I gave it 4 stars because it fits perfectly in the 9' x 18' pool and does seem to warm the water pretty well.
Works like advertised. I wish the manufacturer would include a way to stop the tumbler from spinning at a certain point to allow the materials inside to sit at different levels instead of stopping at the same stopping point all the time. Stopping the tumbler at alternate positions will allow the materials inside to mix and decay more rapidly. Will recommend to my friends.
Wish someone made some to fit larg mouth jars.
it's not that much better than the other models. Actually the screen is very hard to read.
They are very cute and little. I wish I could just plug them in. They still work great with batteries.
Came fast, well packed, tube intact. Went on just fine and are as good as the original ones on the cart. Valve core in the tube was faulty but was an easy to replace using the old one from the flat. Works just fine. Valve core dropped it one star, I would buy this again.
Seems to be working but much louder than ones I've had in the past.
I live in the Pacific Northwest where the winters are dark and dreary. My plants seriously needed a boost and this seems to be doing the trick. I'm still waiting to see if the mechanism will hold its tension though, as far as not drooping after a while.
small and weak for larger chimes
Quite a bit faster than using 2 rakes and easier to manage. Requires a bit more bending. Very good for large piles of leaves since they hold a lot more leaves and are easier to maneuver. Be a bit careful with these as if you are too rough pushing leaves into bags the plastic will crack.
Glowed for a week and were real neat. However, now you can barely see them. They lost their glow.
Cute but pretty small. Definitely used as a decoration. I had to buy a real mat to use.
Some original problems, seem to have gone away. The product is well built, now does a fantastic job, definitely Pro quality and performance
Lots of value for the price!
Came quick and as advertised. Work well. For the money worth it. I use these only as a quick check for ph levels. Then verified with other means. These are close but no exact.
The case is a good quality.
Larger than I thought
I planted 20 seeds and 8 sprouted. I'm happy, and they're growing up nicely. :)
Fan was ok. Panel had traces of glue or something on it. Item looked liked it was put together in a rush. I did though like that it had a large solar panel. The other fans I ordered had small solar panels. I sent the item back.
Bought this set as a great deal for special event decoration. Length of one was sufficient to string along three, 8 foot table lengths (end-to-end). Appreciate that these are battery operated and have a choice of programs. Hubby was even impressed that the battery casings looks to be safe enough for outdoor use. Perfect for lowlight indoor table settings, lit backgrounds, garden lighting (YMMV) and kids' room decor.
Worth paying the amount
Arrive quickly. Just couldn't figure out how to install it.
Items as described. Good quality
Well this is the worst pogo stick on the planet, but it's quite effective as an aerator!
not quite as good as original, but once a year is worth it.
It does work but we found we needed to be reapplied every couple days to be effective. Thankfully the smell is bearable.
Pretty sure it had some weed seed in it...have weeds of certain kind only where I planted this seed.
This is a nice looking picnic backpack for two. It comes with a handy blanket, plates, silverware, cups, and insulated storage storage space for food. My only problem is that the plates are very lightweight and seem cheap. Otherwise it's great!
I just put this together so I can't comment on the reliability or function of the product yet. What I can say is that the poorly translated instructions for assembly are just awful. Word of advice is read them from cover to cover, important info is on the front cover about lining up arrows on the outer discs. Also pay careful attention to how the center divider is seated and how the plastic pegs line up into the holes as I had to coax a few of them into alignment. I had to disassemble mine a bit to get the center divider seated properly. Once that was corrected it went together fairly well and is square and level.
I've seen some reviews that don't like the way this feeder requires a lot of nectar. It's true but I fill it part way with glass beads to raise the level in the jar. Unfortunately this is not squirrel proof and mine have developed a taste for sugar water. Who knew?
Amazon produced these suet cakes in a search for no melt suet, but these definitely melt in the hot sun. Not the fault of the company but of Amazon.
I had a defective one that wouldn't keep accurate date, but I notified customer support and they promptly sent me a new one.
Saved me LOTS of money from hiring this out. Love it.
It throws the snow but already had to replace the auger. Hit a piece of ice and shattered it. The auger should be hard rubber not plastic. Cost me an extra $27
I bought it for my kids. They love to play in the garden in summer. It is durable enough to withstand a couple of falls and powerful enough to cover my entire lawn. I am very happy with the result.
The print in the instructions could be much larger! Otherwise the blower/vacuum works great.
This product arrived promptly. It compares well with other castings I've used. It is still early on so no way of determining its effectiveness.
too early to tell about durability
Strap is a little difficult to put on but works well and looks just like the picture.
It is very attractive and the light is nice at night, it isn't too bright. I did have to take out one of the extensions because it was too tall and kept falling over. After I took out one of the extensions, making it shorter, it was fine.
This is a well constructed product with 21 spaces for garden flags and 9 spaces for House flags plus a large pocket for other related items. I like it but personally I need more spaces for house flags. I may have to buy another one. Seller was very efficient.
Nice skewers, long enough to hold a decent amount. Flat enough to prevent food from rotating. Price was right.
The assembly wasn't to hard but the loops in the back to hook were to wide had too squeeze them to get tighter and the part that suppose to slide in had the get a mallet to hammer it in. Other than that I love it.
It works but rather lite duty
Plants were nice but price was a little high.
Product is exactly as described
Overall nice product!
I have been using Victor traps for decades, but the ones I received in this collection are so insensitive that the mouse can simply eat the bait without setting it off. This has happened with both peanut butter and cheese. Very frustrating. I have used eight of these traps without any success. Update: Finally caught a mouse using these traps. The key was to lubricate the activation lever mechanism with some canola oil prior to putting cheese on the pedal. That night I caught a mouse with the lubricated trap. I raised the rating to four stars. These traps are made in china, and the quality control is poor. Roughly half of these traps will not fire due to the pedals having too wide a lip that goes over the metal release bar. I fixed some of them using pliars. But the lubrication worked well so I recommend that solution.
Works great on my traeger only 4 stars because the wires for the grill probe were bigger than the Traeger ones so I had to do some drilling to get it to work, not That big of a deal but thought others may like to know
Would be better if they were an inch higher. they barely cover the tops of the plants and berry branches do protrude through the taut netting placed over the hoops. They stayed mostly upright once placed, one or two required resetting but only once. Could be I didn't do a great job the first time I put them in the ground. They seem a little pricey for what they are, but they worked as described..
We placed the flag on the front of our RV. Looks very patriotic. The first flag was defective but second one was fine.
Excellent product. As usual.
I don't know if its just me, but I've found some pin sized holes on the walls of the tent. Also some light bleed around one spot around zipper. Nothing that some aluminum tape can't fix. Overall not a bad tent for the price.
This thing is huge and I just put it up today and ready for scaring the kids tomorrow! Lol. I'm not sure if it's still usable next year, but I am sure it will bring a lot of attention this year!
pretty awesome. haven't gotten to use the serrated blade yet, but the clip, and net it perfect. comes in a nice carrying case.
Product worked as described - kept the canapy in place -the weights attached to the canapy legs securely by Velcro.i would have given 5 stars but - one bag ripped open . I feel it was a manufacture defect because the other 7 sand bags worked great
The lights are very nice and exactly what I needed. My only complaint is that I ordered 2 sets, and the second set came with no bulbs. Amazon refunded my money for that string.
The only thing I dont like is there is no round vent in bottom of tent, with a vent you can put a hose in there for air pickup and control light better.
Perfect stocking stuffer. Makes my life easier. Will probably buy a few more for gift baskets.
They have a bright light. Keep in mind the height of the lights. They are pretty low( my others were higher).
We just put these up and they look good and seem to last. The only thing is that I ordered 1 set on 12/20 and placed another order of 3 more sets via the same product page on 12/26 because it turned out we needed something longer than we had expected. However, the cords are different types and cannot be connected as an extension between the 1st set and the other sets. The 3 sets that came in the same order are compatible and can be connected as an extension. We ended up not using the 1st set we ordered... Just FYI.
really liked this item except for the same problem I have found with all this type of solar light .can not adjust solar panel to the most sunlight if you need light at different angle.panel needs to swivel left and right not just forward and backward.makes me wonder if people who design them use them.
Once I hung one, it looked pretty cute, but right out the package you realize that they're just knots of twine, which makes their low price understandable.
So far, this has been a great purchase. Good filter at a fair price. Pool water looks crystal clear.
Pretty darn sturdy but the top piece does not lock in place the way the rest of the frame does. If they got rid of the threads and went to a 2 1/2 inch spree ball detent pin they could eliminate the need for expensive threading operations, wouldn't need the risers for the feet (to clear the knobs above the floor) and could drill and use two more pins to secure the top piece which tends to wobble if the chair swings side to side. With a little redesign this could truly be awesome. They also need an accessory bag to transport this when camping. It ALMOST fits (but doesn't) in an outdoors brand gear bag.
They set was fairly nice especially considering the price. The only issue I had with assembly is that some of the holes didn't exactly want to put on the frame in order to get the screws in properly, this was very aggravating. However I am pleased with the purchase overall.
I really like these lights. 2 issues, though: 1. One end of each string of lights has an approx 1” white battery pack. So you have to be able to hide it, unless you're ok with that look. I was not. 2. Also the battery life is short. I left a couple of mine on overnight, and by next morning those strands were dead.
I can see the weeds going yellow after a few days. I want to give it more time to see if the weeds stay away.
Has some ruff edges on the handles and elsewhere but still functional for our need as a ice and beverage holder
Very nice strainer and valve setup, but very touchy on suction control for flow rate. Very easy to open valve just a little too much and the next thing you know, your detergent bottle is half empty. Overall, this is a great buy.
Very sturdy, it's metal where it counts. Ok variety of nozzle pattern but the full pattern is a messy spray that just sprays everywhere.
There is a not well thought out placement of a large sticker on the outside of the rock. Upon removal we needed to use goof off for 20 minutes to remove the remnants of the sticker from the rock. This was super annoying and could have been avoided if the sticker was placed on the inside of the rock instead. I like the artificial rock and it works great for the pipes I wanted to cover in our yard for the price.
A little too stiff but still does an ok job
Great buy for the money. The appearance of these lights is beautiful. Not the brightest but they definitely give your yard a pop. Bought two sets of them and my yard looks nice.
It's not bad. Price was a little high compared to other models, but it is better than most. Looks like it will be challenged to last for 5 years. Pump motor is really flimsy and cheap.
Too big for our pool
Lovely pots. Ideally they could have been a little bit bigger. They are quite tiny, even for very small cacti. I'll see if they thrive in the long-term
Thinner walled than I was hoping for but overall serves its needs.
Love the look of this mat. However, I purchased it for the front door and it has since been moved to the rear. Not big enough for the front entryway.
Attracted quite a few hummingbirds after a few days. The old one I had was thin and narrow, so very hard to clean out, I'm hoping this one is easier since it's a bowl shape instead. No yellow flowers on the red bowl though, which seemed to attract the birds to my old feeder.
I'm not a fan of killing to kill or sport so it's hard for me to even write a review for this. We live in the country, mice are inevitable. They are also very destructive and procreate worse than humans. So I wanted it to be quick and as painless as possible. Not saying this is painless, but there's no suffering. On that note: I have another brands version and needed a second trap. I chose this one because you can plug it in vs using batteries. It's easy to clean and fill with pb or whatever you use. The first time it caught a mouse, it continued to beep loudly and the extended sensor light was flashing. After that first one though, I get nothing. No beep or flashing light, hence only 4 stars. I decided not to return because it still does it's job and that's all that matters to me. I would buy another one and will in the future.
My husband operated it easily when he first got it. He found several coins in the yard on his test run. He likes it!
No problems with mower itself, it is a remarkable machine. However, a handlebar clamp was damaged in shipping, forcing me to order a replacement.
This was a gift and was sent directly to the recipient so the only feedback I received was a picture of it hung on a brick pillar. I was told that the plaque was very nice.
Strong and just the right size
Works very well, dusted my plants with it, just have to tap it every once in awhile, but goes really far
This is a nice quality tent. However, it does not come with instructions on how to put up the front canopy, or the sides, I also had all these accessories and no idea what to do with them. Also the bag that the tent comes in has a long front pocket that you would hope to store the canvas top or the sides in, but it is way too small to fit anything in there. So you have to lug the canvas around separately.
These worked great for lighted jars on top of my kitchen cabinets and the remote control feature is great. Only disappointment is batteries wore out after 2 weeks of nightly use (on all night). New batteries in all lights and all conked out at the same time.
Our areas (New England) large grey squirrels would rule the planet one day if they ever figured out how to work together, and they quickly worked out how to extend out while clinging to the top hook with a rear foot to tip the baffle enough to reach the bottom of the lower hook and flip under it, amazing! I even stacked two of these in tandem and watched as they did the same trick twice to reach the feeder! Well, I mounted a section 2.25 x 20 inch rigid tubing from my shop vac over the top hook they were anchoring too and no more squirrels! So far....
Cool looking shelving unit, but rather hard to assemble - some of the poles do not align so I had to force the shelves in, at the end it is quite sturdy and will do the job. It has a strong chemical smell if you are keeping this inside, I purchased it for my patio for my herbal garden so the smell actually aired out and is not as powerful anymore. We will see how the unit holds in the hot and humid Florida weather.
A little bit flimsy. The first say we put the grill on it and pulled it, it all fell over. We now know to pull it by holding the grill with one hand to make sure it is steady. Once it is steady and you are cooking it is fine.
I'm really pleased with this 6x9 carpet. It's been rained on, is made with woven plastic so it looks like it will hold up to weather fine. Too new to know how it wears. It was folded but Kay's flat on concrete with no wrinkles. Thin so it's not a tripping hazard. Inexpensive.
I good deal for the price. However, it is a lot of work to put together and requires more than one person. The instructions were not difficult to follow. The material is fair grade, but I am not sure if it will support snow. I am going to add additional support to the ceiling to avoid sagging. I could fit a Smart car with no problem but anything larger might not work. It comes with augers, but I had to purchase spikes because I could not screw them into the ground. Overall, it is a good deal.
A little shorter than the cable I removed from my mower. It works fine, but there isn't enough slack to route it properly down the handle. Also the plastic clip is a little weak, and I can see it give a little when the cable is pulled. This was an issue with the original clip on the mower as well. A few wraps of electrical tape fixes it and keeps it pretty secure. Other than that, its a great part that will fix mower issues for a lot of people!
They worked great for cleaning up the little loose hay around the ranch
Only kills mosquitoes if you spray them directly, but it has a nice lemon scent and I'm not worried about it hurting my dogs. I wish it were better at repelling though.
Resin Planter are well made & the quality is good. The price package for (2) was the best I found while searching for this size. The size was just what I needed to transfer my plants which needed a larger planter.
Pretty. Arrived wrinkled, and i just hung anyway thinking it would smooth out, although it hasn't. Maybe i'll Iron it with a low iron when i bring it back in.
Good for the price. Dog chewed it up in one day though. Will buy stainless steal next time. If available.
The seeds were packaged properly and arrived on time. The best commentary can only be given based on germination rates and the quality of the beets.
Fits very well, not perfectly.
They worked well. It's not light, as expected. But when your extending equipment 10 feet in the air I don't expect it to be. I can see how if you have the head angeled and set it down fast/hard you could break the hedge trimmer at at flex point.
I had an issue with one of the chairs but the seller made it right with me otherwise I would have given it a 5 star because I love the chair that I use.
This pump has been running for 3 days thru really bad rain and lightening storms and still pumps away... I will update this review when I have to take out, clean and replace the impeller back into the pump. The handle is great, it is weighted so stays steady in the bucket, and if I had more creative ideas, the 5 positions of the outflow valve would be a dream!
I like this little shed that wants to grow up to be a tuff shed but won't. BIG warning... if you have trouble with IKEA type assembly instructions you are not going to get this one together. The enclosed directions make IKEA directions look like the holy grail of directions. The wood is thin... very thin... and plan on securing it to a wall or fence as it is tipsy. Oh and so NOT water tight, especially if the doors will face sprinklers or wind driven rain... it stays pretty dry inside but does get wet here and there. Assembly was pretty easy... a BIG tip is to NOT use electric screw drivers... use a hand tool or I guarantee you will strip the thin soft wood unless you are VERY skilled with the battery/electric ones. 2nd tip give the preinstalled screws a twist, they will all be loose... in fact you might want to drop by the hardware store and grab a few extra as installing a couple more here and there would improve things... as would flat and 'L' brackets but not seriously needed, just nice. Have a nice LEVEL place to place it as it will shift to the point the doors jam if not level. I gave mine a coat of water seal just for giggles so maybe it will last a bit longer. I really like the look it is very easy on the eye and fits most anywhere... and for the light duty occasional use type of storage it is made for it's a 4 star for sure.
The design of this smoker, being vertical instead of horizontal, works very well with the natural flow of smoke upwards from the firebox to the chimney. So far have made smoked ribs, pork tenderloin, chicken and pastrami. The thermometer in the door is of little use, found it to register about 50 degrees less than actual temperature. Luckily I tested this while seasoning the smoker, and didn't waste any meat finding out the hard way. Additional sealing is preferred for the main door, smoke rolls out from all directions without it. For the price, I'm thrilled with it. If a hurricane carried it off, I would buy another one. Be sure to spray the interior of the smoking vault with canola oil and run a fire for a few hours to season the interior; this will help protect against rust on the inside. And, spring for the cover when not in use.
Screws/ holes didn't all match up. Once they were assembled they are very comfortable and sturdy. Received many compliments on them.
I had a problem when I was sent the wrong light, it postponed my schedule by two weeks. Other than that it works perfectly, the hangers are extremely long, not a big deal, I made them work. There isn't allot of heat, I'm not having any problems keeping my temperatures where I want them. Oh, and the remote only works if it have line of sight to the light.
I help with landscaping and my hands have gotten rough from not wearing protection. This really helps me do more work and much faster. This is made out of washable materials and it dries quickly
Came in good condition.
Great swing very durable, wish the chains were longer and came with springs and a hanging kit as I know all of the material used to build this swing might have been about 40 bucks..
I liked that it was super easy to program. I switched to this from an Orbit from a review I read. The Orbit lasted almost a year then one of the solenoids stopped working. But I never had to replace the batteries on the Orbit during that year so was really disappointed that after 3 months in mild weather I had to replace them. So far that would be my only complaint.
Thick material seems to work great, but had to tap threads out to work since it looked like they molded the threads and they were very rough and didn't fit right
Nice looking bird house
We used this as a prop, so I can't comment on how well tobacco works in this pipe. As far as quality though, it is a very handsome pipe and exactly as shown in the photos.
Holds a lot of weight.
This laser light projector is very nice, just wish they offered a white light one also.
I did a lot of research and this was the best value for dwarf mondo grass. The plants arrived in good condition. They have been planted for several weeks and none have died. However, they were very small. Even though this is the best price I've found, it is still very expensive for what you get.
The unit is light, portable and pretty powerful given the 2500 watt peak. I purchased it to cover my fridge, a few fans and LED lights in the event of an extended power outage. I have a camper and intend it to run the AC too, but that will quite a Smart start device. Still, given the weight and power that is not an issue to add this. The only negative is a little dinging sound when running and goes quiet when you pull the started cord out about 2 inches. I do like the build in power load gauges and time left on fuel.
Works great on my Weber Q 2200. If your grates are in bad shape or aren't seasoned and food is constantly sticking, then please follow the instructions and preheat grill and use hot water to create steam. I gave my Q a thorough deep cleaning and used this brush on both sides of my grates and am extremely happy with the results. Sturdy feel/grip, haven't noticed any rusting or bristles falling out after a handful of uses. My grates are pretty much non-stick now, I hardly use my Kona grill mat anymore. I just preheat the grill and use the brush to knock off the crusties and everything comes off. There are also a few Youtube videos showing you how to use this brush.
My wife loves this stuff. It's the only insect repellent that she will use. It not only works, but it is organic.
Easy to use and assemble. I did have to try all the attachments to get the right spray formation so it won't spray over the outside of my small bird bath fountain. I was happy I had so many nozzle choices to select from. It can float, but also suctions to the bottom really well. It sprays intermittently if there are any clouds, which I don't mind, but is glorious in full sun.
This is a nice griddle set. The bottles are a nice size, have a cap, and don't leak! They could do without the cheap stickers. I would've given 5 stars if the scrapper/chopper had a beveled or sharpened edge. Unfortunately it is blunt edged. The spatulas are great and the fork was an added bonus item I didn't already have with my previous set.
I like the extra lenght to handle the meats and vegetables.
See new growth and orchid flower already !!!!!
Great for indoor decor! They connect easily. They are not waterproof so if using outdoors you definitely want to tape them first. Nice and bright led lights. Looks great in the dark.
The product seemed like it was going to be awesome if I could've got it to work. No matter what batteries I installed I couldn't get it to work. I sadly had to return the product.
It's a cute little bug zapper device that can be plugged in anywhere in your home. It'll zap those pesky annoying lil flies away for good.
Since I've installed this under hood pest repeller, I've had no more issues with the chipmunks saving walnuts all over the car. I highly recommend them for anybody having chipmunk issues.
Really, what more could you want? It's large and easy to read temp is terrific for my ahem 50+ eyes. Sometimes it doesn't submerge, but floats almost straight, which is an problem because when it floats on it's side, the temp is several degrees warmer on the surface. I suggest you put a small counterweight on the bottom, after you buy it. I further suggest the company add a permanent heavy tip to the product. Would have given this 5-stars except for the cheap string provided to tie the thermometer to the pool and the weighting Issue mentioned previously.
Exactly as described. I need them to hold up my tomato cages, it served it's purpose. The quality is a little cheap, but for the price this is a good deal.
A little on the small/dainty side but makes a cool gift.
I bought these for my brother's house and he liked it it helps woth the mosquito and flys
Great for removing scrubs and getting the roots out with it.
I wanted a smoker similar to my son's fancy Bradley with the automated smoke generator. I found this little item instead. I paired this with a Masterbuilt Sportsman Elite smoker and I have something very similar to the Bradley at about 1/2 the price. The neat thing about this item is that you can really do a cold smoke. Just attach this to your smoker with a 3" flex dryer vent and the smoke generator will be a couple of feet from the smoker. By the time the smoke gets into the smoker, it is about the ambient air temp. In fact, I smoked cheese the other day and the temp inside was just 35 degrees -- about the same as the outside temp. Another advantage to this is that it uses regular wood chips which are a lot cheaper and available than the Bradley wood biscuits. The only negative I have had with this is that you periodically need to make sure the wood chips in the chip holder are not sticking together. Because of its design, the chips are in a column directly above the heating element. The idea is that as the chips burn, the ones above continually fall onto the heating element, turn to ash (which falls into the ash pan) and then are replaced by the ones above. In practice, as the chips burn, the ones above sometimes stick together and don't fall on the heating element. You know when this happens because the amount of smoke generated is very light. The solution is to take something like a long screwdriver or knife and poke the chips in in the holder, breaking the jam and allowing them to feed properly. This is one area where the Bradley is better designed and doesn't have this problem. But with a little manual effort, you can have a versatile smoke generator at a much lower cost.
It takes some getting used to the weight at the battery end but other than that it work's good.
This item was just what i was looking for to replace a broken one secured to the outside of my window. It is a great size and easy to hang. My only complaints are that reading the temperature gauge is a bit small for my vision, and the metal used to make the item is quite thin, so it is questionable how sturdy and long lasting it will be. But it looks nice, i just have to look really close up to read it, but i am getting old.
replacement kit was excellent, however the entire diff/transmission this mower is poor design and poor quality.
There is simply too much of a distinct angle where the wall meet the pool bottom. EVEN THOUGH...This is the best money I've spent on the pool in a long time!!! Even though it doesn't climb MY walls, I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN!!!!!
Perfect size, easy to hang, however the wrinkles will not come out.
With a water source in the middle of the house, I can hook up two hoses. One for the back yard and one for the front. The levers are easy to move, even for arthritic hands.
So far so good. It feels sturdy and and there is no leakage. Delivery was on time.
It is very nice looks great!
Some confusing straps and connectors. But nice, thick canvas. Good looking and sturdy.
Certainly get plenty hot to put great sear on steak. Only complaint is the length of the propane connection hose is too short.
It is easy to fill and no plastic other than the tube. I did modify it though, I drilled two holes in base to slide a 3/16 dowel in to made a longer perch. The cardinals were having to twist around to access feeding spout and quickly started using the longer and lower positioned perch.
Loved them, they work
I'm 5'5" and my husband is 6' and it was just uncomfortable to sit in. It's very well made though. We returned it.
After unboxing this reel, I was impressed with the overall quality of this reel for the price point. Sturdy construction and a nice finish. Not sure what kind of hose others are using, but if the hose is wound up neatly this reel holds 100' of 5/8” hose perfectly. The disappointment with this reel showed up after I connected the hoses and purged the air out. That's when the swivel joint started to drip. It is a small drip, negligible if this is being used outside, but this reel is installed in my garage. Though not poorly designed, it is poorly executed. The oring seals are just a bit too small causing a leak. I disassembled the swivel and installed slightly thicker orings. The leak was reduced but still present. Turns out the threads on the swivel are parallel and not tapered the same as a standard pipe thread. This means I will now need to disassemble the swivel one more time to apply liquid pipe sealant to the threads to fully seal it up. If you're using the reel outside, solid 4.5 stars. If you're using it somewhere you don't water dripping, it's 3 stars until you reseal the swivel.
Not easy to kill, unless you water them too often. They don't need a lot of water.
I live behind a cornfield so field mice are an issue on my block. We have traps down but I felt like this could work as a nice deterrent as well. I last saw a mouse in the upstairs of our rancher last week and since plugging these in I haven't seen him. So far so good!
This is a good price for a very large spider web. I like the material too. It seems strong but fuzzy. The look is great for a spider web. I got some large spider and put them on the web and it looks great!
This is a very nice looking and functional small potting bench. I struggled a little with the assembly by myself; there were steps that it would have been easier with 2 people.
they last me a summer
My old helm had about 10 degrees of free play in it, so I figured it was worn and needed to be replaced. The cable looks fine. This new one has less play but still on the order of 6-7 degrees. I was hoping it would be solid - no play at all. Just so you know!
I like the easy assemble and the bag but it's not great on tufts of grass greater than 4 inches or wet and/or wide bladed grass. Now if you have a small area to cut that's fescue, it would be great.
Beautiful colors in this flag. Was as described. The cost was reasonable for this flag - not overpriced. The reason I'm giving it 4 starts instead of 5 is that I'd like the peace sign to be a little bit larger.
Arrived earlier than expected and everything was packed very carefully and complete. Hubby did complain a little about how hard it was to put together (that is why the 4 stars). He used a power drill which did help though. Over all very pleased with the purchase and can't wait till its out on our porch!
Great product and price. Just wish the one part where the flag goes fit together tighter so it didn't sound around
Beautiful planters, I don't know why i think the plants were included, i was disappointed when i got the package. But it was my bad because I misunderstood.
The couch looks nice and is reasonably comfortable. Very difficult to put together . Very poor directions screws of different sizes all packed together no measure scale. Found the same couch on line at a much cheaper price. It does come with a cover that was a good bonus.
Still working on putting it together but from what I can see, quality material and is exactly what I purchased.
We live where the wind blows so the nectar easily spills out. We will have to figure out a way to secure it so it doesn't sway as much. The perches are great and are retractable. Sturdy and good quality.
Not a bad flag. I've seen others that were heaver duty but this isn't bad at all. I recommend it.
Perfect...... I needed these and they are perfect
You get what you pay for. Great wagon for the price. Not as heavy as major brands.
I liked the design but it should have been more sturdy
does the job expected
Seems more HD than many others. So far it's held up. I bought a second for our camp. I don't baby it but I don't drag it over rough terrain or yank through the bushes either.
Had hubby install this weekend. Now both sides of garage roof are set to collect rain water this afternoon.
Good replacement quality is good easy to put on
I was not aware of the optional flip lid until the installer had wired and installed the unit on the house. Had i realized it i would have ordered it at the time i ordered the box because the instructions say, FLIP LID MUST be installed prior to wiring the power inlet box.
Nice quality. Need to make sure the zipper track is lined up perfectly around the corners. Sometimes gets bound up. Would recommend, however.
The birds love it. The product justifiably makes no claims about squirrel-control, but we erroneously thought the plastic 'weather-protector' might discourage the squirrels. As the photo shows, taken four days after we put the feeder up, they thought the plastic guard tasted delicious!
Good cover for my grill. Should last a couple years.
My koi and goldfish really enjoy this product. I will def reorder next season.
Not as accurate as I would like due to the short stem. It's my fault, but there should be more assistance with picking the correct length of the probe.
Item came without a lid. Thankfully it was sealed and didn't spill onto other items with my order. I had to put it in another container when I used it the first time. Just aggravating to have to repackage something that was bought new.
I think it should cost less. But overall it's nice, just very light. I'm using it as a shoe rack instead of for plants.
These are fine for what I used them for. They are wobbly. They wouldn't be completely stable with something heavy.
Fine for my short term need. Not for a professional landscaper but at the very reasonable price I was satisfied.
Love this--sturdy, good quality, easy to assemble. The shelving height is a little problematic. It doesn't quite fit tall soda or liquor bottles without lying them on their sides. We just put these on top, but those are the items we usually want to hide at our gatherings as there are always kids around.
It's ok after using these longtime
Very nice print.Many good comments from neighbors.
Despite what the other reviews say about the instructions being difficult to follow, this is NOT rocket science. There are no words - that is correct, but there is an easy-to-follow diagram with part numbers and each tube and connector is clearly labeled. Took me about an hour and a half to assemble. A mallet is a necessary tool to really put the pieces together firmly and to square everything up. Once put together, it is very sturdy, and the plastic cover seems stronger than the clear plastic one I had on my old similar green house. Reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is that there are no Velcro windows like my old one had, and the door, while it does roll up so you can open it, must be tied. Velcro would have been MUCH better.
Perfect for the crafty person in the family who needs a little zen in their life! You're not guaranteed a tree but the set and system are straight forward and “should” yield a tree or more.
A very light weight electrical blower with good blower force achieved by decreased outlet size. It definitely gets the job done.I would recommend it to friends but attention must be utilized to power cord size - to - length requirements.
I lost half the order in the first week but the little remaining is doing ok. Does't grow at all.
Good little leaf blower. Not real powerful but just using to blow dust out of my new house
Great tines. Turned my super bronco into a beast. Gave it 4 stars due to the extra hole.
I have enjoyed using it so far but it is very flimsy and feels like it could break or melt from a hot fire. Be aware of this when purchasing.
Very lush when i recieved it and very root bound. My tip, watch a video about Pilea. To me, its going to be a cry baby plant.
works like it's supposed to. Easy to set up.
Good product at a fair price, but they really need to tape the tops of the jugs closed. I had to pour salt back into the containers from the box!
These are great... until you have a couple installed on a bucket and one leaks. I have 3 per bucket installed and one (on each bucket) decided to just keep flowing. I checked the float, etc... no idea... but the whole bucket drains empty as the one cup continues to spill over. It was great while it lasted though.
Great product. Got it really quick. Super easy to set up. Works like a charm.
Good looking containers. I bought two of them and one is holding up well while on the other one, a corner of the wood cracked and split wide open. I am disappointed by that. I am puzzled by what happened.
Quality service very good!!
Product as advertised. Purchased to add a leaf or grass catcher on older Craftsman Rider.
Led light is only enough for 1 plant
Needs to be cut to size!
I used the spit rod to make a turner for tumblers. It works great for this.
The product sent works fine though I had to use the pressure relief valve from the old unit as it wasn't included with the new unit. This surprised me and I noticed many other customers were also surprised that the pressure relief valve wasn't included. I thing the product description should state VERY CLEARLY that the pressure relief valve is NOT INCLUDED!
These boots are great, they don't leak, they are super lightweight and just high enough to keep the water out but you can still bend your knees. The liner is removable for washing - bonus! The only downside is the these boots run very small, they cannot be worn with socks - which works out because the liner can be washed. I would recommend buying them a half size or even a full size up. Otherwise, great quality for the price!
They will serve the purpose on the carport. I wouldn't think they would be a good yard option however.
I purchased the 2 pack to use on 100' wall roll on a 24' above ground pool. Pretty simple product and works as advertised. The 2 pack was enough for my pool size and I did have some left over. Grant it, I did not go overboard on the spray as I wanted it to last. The instruction say wait till becomes tacky, which only took 10-20 seconds really any longer than 30 seconds and it lost its tackiness. The trick was spraying in a 4 linear foot area and rolling out and smoothing. Dont forget to press firmly as you roll smoothing out wrinkles. This is a great product that you really must have for the wall application Cost seems a little high for what it is though and is why I am deducting a star.
I bought this as a back up and haven't used it as yet. It's original equipment, so I'm sure it will be fine.
Takes care of problem. Have to re charge too often
You will need rope, only one provided
I love it and I can't wait to get it hung up in my daughter's room near her bunk bed!! We are going to be using it to create a fairy garden scene for her room and I plan to stain the wood bc it isn't the most ideal color to use for decorating, in my opinion, some may disagree and love it for their homes. It seems to be well made and looks like it will be very easy to hang up. Once I have it hung and turned into a mini fairy wonderland, I will be sure to post some photos and update my review! I am excited to get to work on my plan. Expect an update around the first week of June, as this is a Bday gift for my 6 year old who will be turning 7 that week!
Great planter. Pretty color and keeps plants watered. My only complaint is that the inside planter fits onto the outside cover so well that it's almost impossible to get them apart to add more water.
these are very bright for what they are, but the require full sun in order to charge enough to last all night.
Instructions were strange, not sure if I got the intended coverage
Great purchase. Knew it was discounted because of cracks but it doesn't affect usage at all. After being up for 4 weeks, we have bees now! My kids are super excited and love checking it. Instructions were helpful and easy!
This is so pretty in my yard, I only wish that the light was a bit brighter. I purchased one of these a couple years ago and the light doesn't work any more. I wish there was some way to replace the solar part without purchasing the whole thing.
Great quality however is much smaller than anticipated but that's my fault for not checking dimensions. Big enough if you're only cooking one serving of food on. We used them to grill vegetables. For example only one zucchini fits in a tray.
I like the mat but very flat
Works good for digging ramps. Love the sheath that it comes with. Seems sturdy, but one of the handle pins seems to be coming loose. Just need to see if it lasts.
The garden arch is beautiful. Simple to put together and it now stands in my Mother's flower garden. I was very satisfied with this product and I will order again.
It doesn't appear anyone has designed the perfect hose yet. This one definitely still kinks but no worse than any other hose (and probably better). I love the color, and easily noticeable in the garden to help prevent someone else from tripping over it.
It keeps the pool warm but the debris is still able to get in around all of the edges there's about a two to three inch Gap
Just what i needed- came quickly Use it in out door water fountain.
Good plants, one bloom early on. Multiplied like crazy. Came with extra unwanted plant life so ended up washing them before introducing them into my pond.
Great price and construction
Look like it is working On had it a few days
There were a few issues on the front but the company corrected the issues and sent out a new one right away. Handled it like champs!
Had one Battery go bad in a few weeks.
Fits nicely in hand. Sharp blade gives the performance I need. I'd buy it again.
Good so far. Came in a little damaged. Will update after a couple moves.
Very sturdy, drawstring top cover I don't need
Had to trim a large chunk out of the plastic housing on my craftsman blower so throttle arm would go all the way to idle allowing for shut off.
had to do some modification to get it to fit.
Fast shipping, worked good - the hose seems a little flimsy
Overall good product for a fare price.
My family was having a huge fly problem in the house! Like dozens of flies a day! But let's cut to the chase. This thing does work! We have trapped many flies with this and I am highly satisfied. Here are a few issues with it and the only reasons I didnt give 5 stars. 1) the pads aren't sticky enough if just a fly's legs touch it. Part of their body or their wings need to touch for them to be trapped. 2) Having it on during the day doesn't seem to do much... they prefer the natural daylight by the windows to the trap, so trusty ol fly swatters have to do the trick until nightfall. 3) It is slightly frustrating that the plug doesn't rotate. We have just started using an extension cord so that we can set it up wherever we want. None of this has been a deal breaker (clearly since we still use it) because ever since we have had this, the fly problem has virtually ended!
Very nice. The jars are a nice size and pretty to look at. They haven't caught any wasps unfortunately, but they're still a nice, decorative addition to my porch.
As others have stated, the male connection would not fit SunJoe hoses. The company sent me another one which had the same issue. After explaining to the company that the female adapter would not thread on the male one, they worked with their supplier to fix the problem. They sent me a photo of the parts threaded together before they shipped (from China) so I was reasonably confident that the would work when I received them. In a couple of weeks they showed up and they work fine, no leaks.
It gets the job done but for the price it's not the quality of others I've used and liked better. The net and brush fit way too close together making it very difficult to remove one or the other for cleaning.
Insanely easy to assemble. Some of the boxes were damaged in shipping but considering the size of the set (6 boxes) I was amazed to see only 2 pieces of wicker broken. It's in an inconspicuous area so I didn't contact manufacturer. Cushions are dense and supportive. As soon as all sofa pieces were in place the dog hopped up to claim her spot! This would be the perfect 5-star set if it was just taller. Size is as described and for some reason all sets seem to be this low to the ground. Ours is on our 2nd level balcony so something taller would be ideal...just doesn't seem to exist. Throw pillows purchased separately but add a nice pop of color.
I bought these to use with another set of 8 bigger size stainless steel solar light. They together really complement my long step pathway and they together well lit the pathway. Very nice.
It's works perfectly for temporary fencing. My chicken coop gets too much sun throughout the day and I use this fencing to make a run in the shade. It's easy and pretty long! The mesh material is a hard plastic. I pulled to hook it onto the stake and it broke. The plastic isn't very sterdy, that's my only complaint.
I got this to hold the hose for the front of our house and it has worked well. I subtracted one star as no mounting screws were included, so that was additional expense for me, before I could put the hose holder into use.
It fits and has lasted.
Very fine mesh to collect everything. Lightweight so the trade off is the feeling of sturdy. Over all what I wanted and would recommend.
The planter itself is great with modifications. I added a layer of perlite stones to the bottom of the black inner pot so the roots can aerate better, and after some experience I use plain potting soil instead of coir that came with it (which soaked up all the water and drowned the roots of my plant).
Good little pump but there is no adjustment to it
I find that with Spectracide it does kill the weeds faster but it is not nearly as thorough as Roundup. I typically have to spray the same area 3 or 4 times (whereas with Roundup I spray only once). I also find that with Spectracide that I have to spray more often since new weeds keep popping up ever few days, whereas with Roundup they do not). Roundup is a good pre-emergent/weed killer. Spectracide does not seem to work as far as being a pre-emergent. I've used Spectracide a lot and it does nothing as far as being a pre-emergent. The positive side is that it kills weeds quickly and it kills weeds that Roundup does not kill. Roundup will not kill the thicker weeds in my yard, whereas Spectracide does. It also smells terrible and I can smell it in the air up to one day after I've sprayed, so that's probably not the best. I would recommend wearing gloves and a mask so you aren't breathing in any fumes. I also recommend not letting your pets walk in any area that was recently sprayed.
Works as expected, happy with purchase. Threads nicely and adjusts spray smoothly, but package was a little rough looking upon arrival.
I sent this cute wind chimes to my cousin, he likes it very much. Nice and happy.
Great portable metal detector. Comes with a holster that goes through your belt. You can also plug headphones into the port so that the people you are checking don't hear the beep. Great price!
I did a lot of reading before I bought any CBD products for my dog, because I wanted to make sure it would be ok for my pets. One of my dogs (we'll call him Barky!) is very high energy and gets stressed out whenever we have people over or have to travel anywhere. Honest Paws really seemed to relax Barky and he looooves the treats so worthwhile as just a snack for him. Glad I gave this a try.
Contrary to what weber says these do not do that well at searing. Beyond that it is great.
It's super cute and very sturdy! The only thing I was not aware of is that it is fairly small. I expected it to be a little bigger, but it will do just fine for now.
Definitely a good deal for the price
Not as bright as I had hoped and seem better suited for walkway lights. I will keep them
The ants love it. They empty it fast. However it takes several baits and about a week to get rid of that colony. Works better on the crazy ants better than anything else I have tried. Just takes a lot and a long time.
Arrived faster than we expected. Packaged well, but dented in the back & scratched on roof. 1 wing nut without threads, thank goodness got extra flat head screw.
Really like it.. cooks like it should
It's great to use! But it need waste some time to install!
These lights are very nice and bright. Worth the money.
product delivered quickly, easy to put up, has been up a week over my little pool, provides some shade, so far so good, i would recommend. time will tell in regards to durability and sturdiness, thats why i gave only 4 stars
Great customer service.
Seems like a good set.. Customer response on an email. Non existent
THE PROBLEM IS THAT THE OIL LEVEL SITE GLASS IS WAY TOO CLOUDY, SO OIL LEVEL CAN NOT BE SEEN. SO THE CHAIN AND BAR CAN BE BURNT IN NO TIME AT ALL. POOR DESIGN.
improved my plants growth but not very sticky.
Worked okay, better than without wearing it but it's not perfect.
Love this sign and love that my neighborhood has many. Wear and weather can take their toll, so I learned to lengthen the life of the sign by sealing it with a spray sealant as soon as I get it. That usually gives me about a year before the sign starts deteriorating. When it does I replace it. I'm currently on my third and love it!
no really what I was looking for. They do appear to be sturdy and well made.
Great for travel. We use them in hotel pools.
I only have 4 and perhaps its not enough to deter ducks in my pool. Helps with stray cats.
Does what it says it does and works quickly
I really like the nice easy way its set up!!!! put the saw on and tighten it up and its ready...The only thing I did not like was when its fully extended it was a little flimsy and I would just like it a little more solid .. but it worked fine
These are good, but I like the sprouting jars better. I find the jars easier to use and easier to water. I use both, as I can't seem to stop sprouting.
I like this protection plan it's easy and they ate easy to work with, I had an issue and they responded quickly and efficiently, I will definitely keep using their protection plans.
just what my customer needed
Very nice to have the right tools when working with small plants.
Although the shovel came as described, paying for Prime and then it not being delivered on time was maddening. Of course, they want to offer a $5 credit, which is quite funny because Prime costs more than $5 and we specifically ordered this because of the snow storm that was coming and we ordered it in plenty of time. Not sure why this was so delayed since it was fulfilled by Amazon???!!!!
AWSOME ...keep your salt dry... If ya live in woods get the bigger one. I have to double tap.lol zombie moths...ect
No comments at this time.
Length of hose, robust fittings.
Too large for my lovebirds order the small size for smaller birds ...
I thought this doormat would have been bigger than what it was, but it is still nice in front of my front door.
It does not sprout and grow in the spring and summer in MI, as I'd hoped it would. I can't get it to grow in a container.
Plant arrived earlier than expected and well packaged with 2 cuttings, pretty similar to the picture but not as full. One cutting with no roots but the other had well developed roots, repotted it the next day i got it, hopefully they grow! They seem very healthy so im happy with my purchase.
Just wish it had came with instructions.
Not as heavyweight as I expected it to be.
Paint doesn't look like pictured, those cute texture spots aren't there. But it's still very cute
Look great and easy to install but stems seemed to be a little to long.
Nice size shears, but came apart after the first use when the tension screw popped off and red cap and tension spring went along for the ride too. Vendor's customer service replaced them quickly and i am very pleased how well these work to cut back our decorative vines in our flower bed.
Guess I haven't had it long enough for it to work cause mouse is still running around but hopefully we will see an end of it.
This was a cute little guy. I did not realize the length was 15", I thought it was the head size. It was a little bigger than my rock hammer, but not what I want to be able to reach the ground without breaking my back. I sent it back with no problems.
At 82" it makes it easy to get on and off. Smaller covers always catch on the corners of our grill and eventually tear. Overall weight is not has heavy as other covers we've had, but we are hoping the additional size will help it last longer. Great price, so if we get a couple years out of it, it will have been a bargain.
Great product. Cleans my 18ft round pool great. I like that the hoses are made well and they are easy to put on and take off to get the correct size for your pool
Fits our grill pretty good and stays covered most of the time unless we have really high winds.
Good sprinkler, as described. Is pretty light weight, so think it might break easily, bu so far, so good, covers a large area.
good quality, but the half-lap joint could be tighter. Satisfied overall.
These pots are so cute! They really cheer up my patio. I just got them, but they look pretty sturdy and hopefully will also be durable with the humid weather over here. They do have a hole in the bottom, you don't have to drill anything. Would definitely recommend!
After a couple of uses clean build-up from chip tube to allow chips to fall to heating element.
Fit like the original one. Update: Now it's been about a month, seen only a few light uses and this thing ripped apart and split the cover. The gear on the inside shattered and the coil spring was a birds nest. Bought another one, after looking on line this looked identical to those. I will provide an update later. Saw is a Remington rodeo, 51 cc. Dec. 29, new housing is holding up. This may be overall a poor design by Remington.
Works well. The saw on the tip tends to be more of a hassle to use than an asset. Does the job though. We kept it.
Screws worked perfect for a Craftsman Zero Turn.
Used this for our sons wedding. Not hard to assemble. Looked nice built sturdy. Hope it lasts a long time.
Works amazingly with Super Pool Shock from Swim In....will not waste money with pool suppliers any more.
So far so good but It's seed packets so I have a bit too wait before I try the fruit.
works good but when I hit a rock it hurts my hip. just have to adjust how I'm standing when I'm using it. learned that when you hit a rock and it wont go any further then just lift it up a little bit get it going fast and slam it down. if the rock isn't to big then it will dig right past it but if its to big then you will get a bruise when ever the handle hit you. has some good torque once it gets spinning but if you just put it in the ground and try to start there it doesn't have the torque to get going. I have done over 40 holes in semi rocky dirt down 2 feet and still haven't gone through half a tank of gas. fastest hole with no rocks takes just seconds. probably about 10 seconds or so.
Was not what I expected
Well it fits exactly as you would expect it to so long as you don't have the wood chip add-on. Unfortunately, I haven't seen one that covers my smoker with the add-on. That's my only gripe. Hence the cost of a Star. Even if it had a Velcro section that could be removed so a add-on cover could be purchased... that would be fantastic.
Only used it to trim a large hedge. Works well. The working pieces are fairly big so it takes a bit of time to get the hang of using it.
great chair took some pulling and pushing to get the bolts in but I'm very happy with it
I wanted to give my old clothes and other things to go to St. Vincent's for charity purposes and wanted a see through item. I tried Wal-Mart's version of recyclable clear tie top bags, but they were to darn mil thin that they just ripped from the weight of the items when it was full so I got these. Although I spend much more, they do what they were meant to do for me is carry weighted items in a see through bag. These are also a kind of square size so I like that, so I can pile them on top of one another if I like. I highly recommend for a variety of uses. The mil is thicker than other clear bags with a tie top.
good tool used one bee season so far just a little bulky
I took it out, loaded up the batteries, put in some peanut butter and set it in place. It sat there for a few weeks and nothing happened but I began to noticed a bad smell in the family room, just couldn't trace it. One evening the alarm went off on the trap and I went to investigate. Inside was a recently killed mouse and also a rotting one. It seems the first mouse was killed but never set off the alarm. I guess I'll be checking them periodically to ensure this doesn't happen again.
I haven't used them yet, but the construction is well done and I believe will provide excellent frame for my bees.
Must have if you a hookah lover. Just remember to get the right cup for it.
So far so good. It does a good job keeping the fruit flies at bay. Easy to clean and cute design for a compost bin. My only complaint is that it's pretty small, but it's as advertised!
Good product, could be even more useful if you make the frame taller. (:
It was a great product for what I needed it for. Easy to set up and looked good, however the weather got bad the next day before I could take them down and they got demolished. The covers tore and the legs got bent up. If you take them down right away, there should be no issues!
This zapper works well, but is extremely loud. Best suited for open spaces as opposed to small offices or tiny areas where people may be in.
Fit my Vermont Casting grill just fine. The burners were a bit longer than the originals, but all I had to do was bend the flat end piece down a bit more and they fit fine, albeit tightly. Work good and cooks evenly throughout the grill.
Makes a beautiful edging. Only thing I didn't think about were the (unseen) tree roots.
I put them around my patio 1 ft. apart from each other. At first I only did the front of patio but the birds came though the sides sitting on my 2 ceilings fans and pooping all over my outdoor furniture, but I bought more to put on the side and it did the trick. They were good for about 2 years and slowly the shinny finish wore out and some the skinny little rubber holding them gave out on its own or the wind was too strong for them. I only have two left and I am noticing the birds have returned so I am re-buying, but this time I am going to use fishing line instead of the skinny rubber it comes with.
I'm Satisfied with it!!
They're pretty nice. I use them to feed my bearded dragon. The only thing is that I'm concerned about them being metal and hurting her as she accidentally bites on the tongs.
Love the beautiful sea glass colors and shapes. Using as an accent in the foyer. Wish the actual light color was a bit softer. The color of the lights is bluish White which contrasts w the softness of the sea glass. I toned the lights down by putting them inside decorative netting. Also like the remote control. If you have a coastal theme, perfect accent. Great price.
I love the covers, makes the trays easy to stack. I also like the easy release. My old trays had to be twisted and eventually cracked. The only drawback, and it is minimal, the cubes are really small. I don't mind, but my husband can't figure out how many cubes to put in our iced tea. LOL
I didn't think it was working because I never heard it make the zap sound, but after a couple of days you can see the dead bugs. So no sound but it does its job!
I thought I was getting more than three.
Repaired a chair. Cord was okay and easy to apply. Cord gauge not a large as I would have liked, so far, so good.
Every light works. Being LED I thought they might not show up well but they look lovely bordering our flower bed in the front yard. Arrived quickly too.
Good carpet for the price
Excellent smoker box. Very easy to clean
I tried it once, to much hassle to put on and off
It's exactly what it's supposed be. A hickory handle for a claw hammer.
Had issues, but customer service was fast to make things right. So 4 stars. Worked well for about 3 days, then exactly half of the bulbs burnt out. Seems to be helping my small plants still, but disappointed, as I'll have to get a replacement soon. ***They made everything right with a refund.
So easy to put together!! And love that it fits multiple pot sizes. You can't tell it's adjustible with pot inside. But thinner than expected.
Gotta be very careful with this stuff. Highly concentrated and will burn quick. Definitely ppm pen a must with this nutrient
Had to cut the nipple off the bottom to make it fit my pump. Just drilled it out. works fine
Overall. I really like this product. It fits four pairs of boots for us so I am excited about that. It came out of the box with a really strong rubber smell but that dissipated after one day.
Only problem with these light is the adhesive on the backing of the led strip. Had trouble having it stick to surfaces. Other than that great product, no blown lights, no connection issues, remote works like it should.
Squirrels haven't reached the food yet but I haven't seen birds at the feeder either. Only takes suet and not bird seed.
Works decently enough for the price. Lights our walkways to the front and back doors, which was the goal due to a lack of streetlights in our neighborhood and our multiple short steps toward our home situated on a slight incline. Tip: Follow all instructions for maximum benefit.
The slot was not ideal for a lawnmower blade, but was able to sharpen.
worked OK even tough it is somewhat primitive.
Holds the jelly and orange and cleans up easy
Product description was perfect and worked as expected.
So much better than the hose that came with my unit. Seems better quality and length is much more convenient. I don't quite understand the supplied connectors...seems they left out a couple of pieces to make it a versatile option for doing an extension when required.
good product but it could use better tent stakes,,,the tent stakes were very small and would not hold in a brisk wind,,,i had to go out and buy tent stakes that were more heavy duty because the ones included would not hold
Like that its simple to put together and has various tips for different spouting. Dont like that it takes FULL sun to work.
I give it a 4 because of the sturdiness. The top is a little soft, so putting a drink on it and then another causes it to move and give. We will likely put a piece of glass on top so it doesn't feel like your drink will fall over if someone picks up or sets down another one. Other than that, very attractive and looks nice with our Chair King set.
ASSORTMENT WAS NOT QUITE AS COLORFUL AS IN THE PIC BUT THEY ARE ALL NICE LOOKING
Works like describe.
Exactly what we needed to fix the sprinkler head to spray the part of the lawn that wasn't getting water.
Good lights for a plant I brought inside for winter. It's a bit hard to point it where I want it though. The plant is still doing well after being inside 3 months.
The size runs small. My hand is about 4 1/4” across the palm and these gloves are tight. The finger lengths are good but again they are snug. If I were to buy them again I would order the XL. The quality seems to be good but it is too early to tell how they will hold up. I can't comment on warmth yet as it is still warm out. I also think that they won't be as warm for me as they could be due to the tight fit.
Works well with Dolphin Premier pool cleaner. Does a great job
Receiving took some time... :(
It's hard to put together but worth it once it's together. Looks great.
The birds like it but it's not entirely waste free.
Works well for the price paid. Installation was easy enough, but there were some screws that didn't fit properly into the pre-drilled holes. Still functions without them in, we just have to be careful not to pull heavy loads. Overall, pretty satisfied and looks like it will hold up well.
So far so good... held up well in Southern California 70 MPH winds...
We got algae last summer and I discovered United Chemical products. The No Mor Problems works great. It's an algae preventer and I use about 4 - 5 ounces every two weeks in our pool. We just went out of town for over a week and using this and chlorine kept our pool sparkling. Warning - it will eat up your chlorine initially.
Product was easy to use.
The filter is very fine and I have not been able to find a filter with a larger screen to replace it. I need to clean it often.
Instructions were very blurry and hard to read. Took me hours to figure it out and I have the ability in putting things together. The back axle where attached to bed of card was bent forward where is bolted to bed. Was unable to bend, however, got it bolted in with grave difficulty. Good news is appears very sturdy and easy to maneuver and all the parts such as bolts and nuts, cotter pin and cart parts were there. Maybe consider clearer printed photos/drawings with different views and better explanations of what bolt goes to what by using the letters instead of the weird this bolt and that bolt named with numbers. Would make a lot less confusing to decipher and for quicker assembly. All and all I am please now it is put together...finally.
It works fine, just a little different zipper opening than the original.
Fits great. Protects my new Smoker so I can leave it out under a side overhang.
Seems to be working just fine!
Works as advertised.. filter after washing was super clean
Thus far I've only had it 6 days, but it has performed very well. I have set a calendar alarm one year from now to update this review with the results of a year's use!
Nice little light but should be used as a supplement to sunlight (direct or indirect at least). Not powerful enough to do much more than keep plants alive. Definitely helped my aloe through the end of winter though
I installed this for a hanging chair. It holds well and is solid, but it makes more noise than I would like. When the chair moves, this spring creaks and makes noise.
It does it's job and works very well. The only issue is that the battery doesn't last too long. Maybe around 30 minutes per charge. If you have a small yard you can't go wrong. I do have to keep it in "eco mode" to complete my whole lawn in one charge and the "eco mode" works just fine. The blower works fine but isn't too powerful at all. For smaller simple yards, go for it! Anything else, I'd highly recommend finding something with longer lasting battery life.
The lights are fabulous with 180 different patterns. One thing is that some spots on the back of the lights were missing adhesive glue and just put my own. Overall very pleased with these. Already bought more
I was satisfied by the care and attention of the company. I bought a tent and after not even having the tent up for a day it fell and all the parts broke but I wrote to the company and the replaced my item right away. Over all I was happy with the size and look of the tent. I hope this one does not break.
Super quick ship and great price. Sad that even though they came in a ton of packaging (wasteful) the top 7 pots are so smashed
My first one was the perfect size for my family to use on a regular basis and we left it set up in the yard. I would have given it five stars but the igniter did not work
Fits perfect in my Traeger! Too bad it wasnt included with the grill, but I got a bunch of freebies from them, so it was worth it
The knobs were a little hard to turn at first and the valves broke during the first freeze. I really liked this product but should have watched the weather better.
Given as a gift so didn't open package. Amazon box they arrived in was huge. Way too much packaging.
It was much smaller than what I thought it would be, only holds about a cup and a half of powder, but who cares, as long as it does the job. I'm good with it.
These are super cute and it's pretty long so it covers a good amount of space. It took a while to get to me but at least it arrived so I can't really complain.
Very easy to assemble. I simply followed the video clip attached to the images and it saved a lot of time. However, I would remind you to make sure that you align the holes on all of the poles when screwing in the bolts. The screen fit nicely around my A/C unit.
After I installed it on my garden, I see no cat's mess around. Happy with the money I spend for this product.
sent to a woman in rehab. I won't see her again.
Love these!!! Fantastic!!! Creates a beautiful atmosphere! Can only be improved if they find a way to make the flame color less yellow and a little more white I think would look even more realistic! 👍👍.
Received this light set as a gift from my daughter and am impressed. Exceeded most expectations: better quality, replaceable, available bulbs, when one goes out, others stay on, provides satisfying illumination at night to enhance your patio time with friends--but not blinding. I used cable ties to secure the set to umbrella supports. Only complaint is that the plastic clips attached to each lamp base are flimsy--they stretch and break easily. Otherwise, this is a five star item.
These will not hold plants/pots period. Not big/strong enough. Good for light weight decorative items only.
Do not use the supplied two way tape to install this it buffers the vibration too much I used just a dab of silicone caulk and now it works perfectly.
The only thing I did not like was it took a little too long to get to me
Very good for the price
This OEM replacement fit my 35 year old Weber perfectly. And it works fine. My only issue is the new version uses a tab and slot to hold the adjustment arm/handle in place. The old one used a locking thumb nut. While the new one is easier to install, the adjustment arm is loose to spin along its axis freely...freely to the point that you may accidentally line up the tab and slot and the adjustment handle could just pull/fall out.
little smaller than I expected
is made in United States. I just installed tonight. All is well! It looks like craftsmen made it.
They kept mosquitoes away on a trip to Kenya, which is a malaria belt.
Sleep better at night knowing my drinking water is healthy. Would have given 4 stars but the package I received one of the colors blocks was not in the right place and was at the end of the testing strip. Doesn't affect the performance but details that bother me.
Missing stilts to raise grate, When I called customer service they told me that the model number is not correct or valid in their system and that I needed to find it online and re-order the part. It's been almost 2 weeks and I have still heard nothing by email. They need to fix the model number on Amazon because it seems they put it in wrong and I can't seem to get the parts that I need. Frustrated
My lights stop working, just want to.know is any warranty on these
definitely works great for mosquitos. I have not been bitten since installing 2 of these in the garage. would be nice if these detoured moths that tend to mass in the garage when i am on there working with the lights on.
I got these for my son's birthday party as we rented a water slide and we seemed to have an issue with mosquitoes lately. I put one on each corner of the yard and they seemed to do the trick as I got maybe one bite the whole day (I usually get bitten within minutes of stepping onto the lawn). They lasted for around 3 hours, with very little wind. I'd give 5 stars, but the smell when burning wasn't as expected. They smelled like ash, not citronella and lemon grass.
Not very easy to read relative to color.
4 out of 5 sprouted. 3 grew completely.
Well worth the money!
I wasn't crazy about the rusty look to the chime but my daughter in law loved it just the same
would have liked bypass blades and their cut more, but these are nice.
This stuff really works. I just apply it to my yard every few weeks and the cats stay away.
This bug catcher does exactly what it says it should. Its is not a zapper but attracts and sucks bugs into a collection chamber, Note : It needs to be plugged in with no battery option which would be a nice additional option.
There are some minor differences between this bag and the factory bag. First the zipper is on the bottom of the bag. Second, the length and width are about three inches less then the factory bag. On the bright side the connector matches up to the blower without any issues.
Flag pole topper gold ball was to short. I needed a 51/2 inches. Everything else was great. Thanks.
It's good stuff. It's nasty, and if I were a rodent I'd find something else to chew on! Don't scratch your eye (or any other sensitive area) until you've thoroughly washed your hands. The little mice printed on the tape should make it clear to future mechanics what it is. They are cute too.
I was told to try Fiskars Brand that they are really good quality for your outside things. I purchased their scissors years ago and they are like new. I bought the pruners for the strength and size hoping they would be as good as I heard. Well they are. They cut through good size branches with no problem. I would recommend this item and I will soon be buying the smaller ones for roses and smaller things.
I definitely liked my canopy. I saw this last year at another store and didn't purchase it. Went back and they were all sold out. I found it here. Definitely liked the price.
These lights are perfect for above my curtains. It's a nice, soft light. Not too bright, but a little brighter than most. I liked these for the usb option, although I wish that cord was longer. Overall, these were perfect for what I needed to use them for.
These are thin but cheap and work! I'll be ordering more.
2nd one I have bought. Made well but still lasted less then a year in the country wind.
Works great and doesn't clog. It leaks a little bit here and there but it's worth it.
Got a tear after one season. Seems like the older ones lasted a few seasons. Gonna try one of the cheapos at half price.
It works well. Battery cover door is a bit difficult to snap back into place properly and I don't know how durable the unit will be but so far it's been sucking up stink bugs almost daily.
First I want to state that the hot tub itself is awesome. The lights are awesome and it runs off a regular electrical outlet. Two major problems that I have with this. Number one is the controls are hard to figure out. Even after reading the manual it still gets confusing with all the different types of mode plus there are things you figure out along the way as to why your hot tub isn't heating up, trying to find the correct setting on how many people will be in it to how much it is going to be used, need to really read up on chemicals that need to be in it and where to buy those along with the filters. this hot tub does get on stuck mode quite a bit. You have to be careful changing the different modes on it because if your temp is too high it may think it needs to be heated if your temperature setting is on low. For example, you have it set for 98 degrees but then you decide that you want it cooler to 95. If you are in economy mode and it is over 95 degrees then the hot tub will run non stop no matter what setting or filteration setting it is on. The main issue I have with this hot tub is the Hudson Bay customer service. I was on the phone with them for a total of a week trying to figure out why my hot tub was not turning off and why some of my jets were not working. I fear that if I ever have to order parts and have them installed it just will not happen with this company. I kept asking for someone to come out and look at it but I kept getting the run around. As for ordering any parts of the company I was told by the service department that I would be better off buying my parts such as chemicals and filters from someplace else because they were way to expensive and shipping time can be as long as a month after I placed my order. I was finally able to talk to someone in the service department that was able to explain to me how to fix stuff and to check stuff but it took me a forever to find him. Average length of phone call was 3 hours where they just kept telling me to do the same thing over and over again. Very frusterating. So if you do not need customer service at all then feel free to buy this hot tub.
I like the quality of the flag, I just need a bigger one, so Im going to try to find one on Amazon asap!!! thank you
Very surprised on the quality of the cut. Only downside is the wheels prevent the mower from cutting alongside boarders and fences which is easily fix with a quick pass of a trimmer, and it kind of clogs up when you hit thick long grass. But overall very pleased!
The dimensions are deceptive.
As the other reviewers pointed out, these "pebbles" are larger than the stated 1-2 inches. Then again, that is exactly why I ordered these - I wanted the larger size. They also aren't as glossy as the pictures show - also stated in the other reviews and also what I wanted. So basically I got what I wanted - but more because of the other reviews than the actual product description.
It works perfectly for my large 8 burnet event grill. Just a little thinner than expected but does the job. If you're worried abt wind you will have to tie it down .
More directions are needed for attachments and filter operation
I thought it would be all one piece. But, it does make it easier to in to and out of. I think it will be comfortable enough to wear for awhile.
I bought a second leaf blower and noticed the second black nozzle was missing. I sent customer support an email but never got a reply. Both blowers blow really strong and is a great value for the money. Not a dealbreaker, but I guess you get what you pay for on customer service
This is a nice rug, smaller than I was expecting but that was my fault. I thought I was ordering the runner, but I got the rug instead. Regardless, I love the colors and the rug has a nice quality. I have this on the hardwood floor in my kitchen. This works great with my red and brown color scheme.
These planters are cute and I have succulents in them just as the picture. One thing to note is that the writing and images on them is in brown ink, not black. And they are more ecru/ ivory than white. So I didn't use them where I initially thought I would, but I found another place in my home and they look good there. They have holes in the bottom for drainage. The only reason I'm giving these 4 stars is because the site doesn't indicate the color of the ink. Otherwise, I'd have given them 5 stars.
Great pot but a bit expensive
LOVE the umbrella, good quality, but it does NOT come with a velcro strap to secure the umbrella when closed. Hence the 4 stars.
Great for an ornamental wrought iron type hanger. Not to big and heavy. 4 stars because of the lesser quality chain and clasp. Otherwise, perfect for my application
haven't put them in the ground yet but I am sure they will work for what I need
The spikes fit very well over wine bottles. They are a bit fragile but the directions are very clear.
I use these on my balcony patio and they work ok. The citronella aroma is very strong, and they last a while. I especially like the handles on the metal containers so I can move them around while they're lit. However, I still get mosquito bites. I do live in a buggy area, and they seem to love me. My one warning is that my two candles arrived pretty banged up. The medal holder was bent on both, but that might have been the result of rough handling by the shipper.
If it was longer, that would be perfect
A great upgrade from the stiff hose that came with my pressure washer. I wish it was a little more flexible, as when unspooling it will try to kink.
hard to review just got it 2 weeks ago seems to do its job well stays on all night does not light up as much as I would have liked but does its job my worry is battery life it is on a 30 ft. steel pole not a simple task to take up and down
I like everything about it except for one small thing. I think it would be even better if there was some way to clip them together. They sit very sturdily on top of each other but they don't hook together. I bumped into it accidentally and it all fell apart. I'm also afraid that in a high wind it would get knocked over. I have taking it into two separate pieces. But other than that I really like it
This blend did attract more cardinal activity to my feeder. All the birds that frequent my feeder seem to love the blend.
Nice quality. My fabric tore at the velcro this year but 2 years of use.
Bench is easy to assemble and sturdy for use. I has been in our shower room since purchased and has resisted water very well. The only issue is that the legs tend to release a bit of brownish tint onto the ceramic tiles which cleans relatively easy. We resolved the issue by placing Teflon / plastic pegs to the bottom of the legs.
These little duckies are super cute. Just little but darling.
Unfortunately, I can't review the product since it is a gift. I was satisfied with the order/ receipt time frame and the feeder seemed well packaged.
Product as described and I was happy with the product. My only complaint is that 2 of the lights didn't work. I would still order again.
Too soon to tell about all the rating features, especially durability therefore didn't rate that. Water resistance and material quality appear very good . Held up well in recent high winds and heavy rainstorm. Overall short term experience was excellent, but time will tell.
The quality of the product is really good! I'm giving it 4 stars because the color wasn't true to the photograph. Online, the panels had more green, but in person, it was almost completely purple. I only got this color because I wanted pops of color, not a completely purple topiary. I'm returning it for one of the green versions.
I had an apartment dweller that got bedbugs. She said the product did a good job of getting rid of them.
Gloves are difficult to use but everything else is great quality!
Package arrived, undamaged and on time. Spindle works as needed, however the package for the spindle that was placed inside the delivery box was torn open previous to being shipped, of the 4 self tapping bolts there was 1, yes 1. the only other pieces of hardware that was included was a washer for the spindle nut for the pulley, no nut, just the washer and the bladed mounting bolt / washer was there. Fortunately the spindle it was replacing had only 1 broken bolt so i was able to use the other 3 plus the one in the package to install as well the spindle nut fit as well. Otherwise I would still be waiting to repair my mower. Not the products fault, but the seller's
Gave to my daughter. She said that it was great on her face. She did try it on her armpits and said it tugged a bit. But she loves it.
The item is as described by the seller description. It arrived on time.
Hose came as described. Doesn't take up space, very light, expands to it's maximum length. Strong.connection does not drip. Bought to wash car. Very good for the price.
The only area of improvement would be the numbers need to be bigger. Everything else is fine.
The 2 caddies we purchased work well on our deck and allow easy movement of 2 large potted planters
I mounted it on the ceiling by reversing the brackets and I installed a dedicated 20amp circuit for it. works great so far.
These were the perfect gift for our s'mores loving girl! I bought a second set to give for a birthday present. Come in a carrying bag so easy to keep together.
Rain gauge was narrower than I thought it would be.
Replaced our cheapie starter PWM with this and love it! If it had a dedicated USB port or two it would be 5 stars. Functionality and power retention seem excellent so far. Very happy with this purchase.
It says it comes with a powder duster but it arrived without one. We had to go out and purchase one. Not happy about that. Only reason we purchased this one was because it comes with the powder duster.
Nice! Works well, easy to use and install. I have it hooked on a valve at the bottom of my fish tank. Turn it on for an hour, waters all my plants! Only problem is it doesnt have the adapter to fit onto garden hose thread. Ended up using the rubber gasket side instead.
Great piece of outdoor furniture! Takes a few hours to assemble but worth it for the price!
The sun catchers are great! I ordered 3 of them to hang on our deck. The reflection from them is so much fun! Even at night, if the moon is bright enough, they reflect, as well. I did not give them five stars simply because two of the mirrors were damaged, but I was able to repair them and not have to hassle with returning the order. I would order them again for myself or for a gift.
going on 3 weeks and I still have a lot of ants so I don't know how it works yet
No problems so far but top does not close as good as my other chlorine holders.
t works, not 10 watts, but for its weight pretty good.
Very nice looking chairs. Were a hassle to put together, because the bolts would strip with the lightest pressure. Had to get replacement bolts from local hardware store.
Finally a gas can with a safety dispenser that works
It works well for my vegetable plants so far. It was recommended for the Japanese beetles which come late summer. Just put down the powder and they disappear.
Used to store flammable liquids in safety containers. Is holding two metal and one plastic 5 gallon gas cans, one 1 gallon gas can, and a bucket of torch fuel cans. Did not install a shelf. Was easy to assemble. Has not leaked through a number of serious rain storms and was not affected by near zero temperatures over the 10 months I have had it. I had a slightly larger Rubbermaid horizontal storage shed I bought over 15 years ago which I regret not moving to my new house as that one was better constructed, hence the 4 stars given the only comparison I can make.
Very colorful and easy to read
Good enough for medium tough jobs. I did try to clean my drive way, you can only do it with smallest angle nozzle.
I upgraded to this brushless string trimmer after frustrations with low power on the B&D 20 volt trimmer. I can say that this thing really rocks with power--close to a gasoline trimmer power. Tall weeds that would bog down my 20V trimmer are no problem for it. Yard is done in half the time. Two downsides: the edge trimming function is difficult to use. The 20V B&D trimmer had wheels to aid edge trimming, but this one just has a metal U shaped bar. Takes some getting used to and not nearly as smooth. Also, the way the trimmer is held is different from most: you sort of use your forearm to counterbalance the trimmer rather than holding its weight with the palm of your hand. Took a little while to get used to but i think i actually like it better than traditional holding position of trimmers.
No issues, received what I ordered.
Great compay with a great value. Just wosh the mole repeller had a metal tube vs plastic. This would amplify the sound better. However, the moles in my yard are in fact gone!
Not used yet. Looks great
Husband has been looking for way to hitch boat and yard trailers to his John Deere lawnmower. This works great but was not an easy install
Came promptly, ALMOST the right size, except the holes in the back were smaller than the bracket they were supposed to fit Some alteration to the bracket was needed, otherwise they were fine for the price
The Tip works great but the little filter is way to big to fit in the foam cannon.
Fairly easy to it together and looks nice. Takes a while to heat up though.
I got this to replace an older light that quit working. I like how this light works. But I wish it had come with connectors (had to order those separately). But the light works well. It seems well made and has good adjustability features.
Looks good in the yard. Small item but around small plants looks great
Great product for our hot tub
Not quite OEM quality feel but still pretty good.
Only had the umbrellas at our patio dining area for a month. We'll see.
Good seeds and good lettuce.
There seems to be a short where the cord goes in to the light. If the light doesn't come on, push the cord into the socket and wiggle it up and down to get the light to come on. Even so will order another one for the living room.
This stuff is just as toxic as using acid - be aware. It did come with the right amount to fill a T9 cell to the top of the plates when using the Hayward cell stand (sold seperately). Made my 4 year old cell look like new on the inside. Wish it wasn't so toxic tho. Still have to use gloves and such.
Very colorful put it in the front yard I love it
bought this to keep grass i have indoor healthy as long as possible. i wasn't expecting it to be so long but that is my own fault for not reading about the size. It is very bright and the different brightness settings works for me since i have a light sensitivity so i am very happy with that. i wish the cord was longer to reach the only outlet near my grass but a extension cord will do even though it wont be pretty. I give it 4 stars because i dont know if it will actually work in place of the sun so we will see. if good results on that then i will update my review.
Grrat skillet warms very fast and cooks well
Looks great! The solar lights save energy and electricity. Easy to set up. There are perfect for my driveway!
Looks really pretty! So far works very well
Pain in the but to get started every night but great once on. Only works when dark but can be seen inside and outside of house
It would get 5stars if it came with door! Other than that working fine.
Nice quality and works well
So far so good. After purchasing but before wearing these, I was out in the garden and found a deer tick on my (white) shirt. So I thought I would do the test of the gaiters I had seen in videos: i put the tick on one of them. It was flat on the floor, not on my leg. The tick did not seem interested in or get stuck in the fibers, as claimed. However, it did eventually start turn upside down (and back right side up) a few times and look generally unhappy. As it looked like it was about dead I took it off (to see if it would revive) and it did not, it was dead dead. The whole process took about 4 minutes. If in this 4 minutes, one of those flips caused it to fall off my leg, that would be fine, I would not care if it was dead or not. But I am still not sure how long it would take to climb from bottom to top and whether it would be exposed to enough permethrin to cause it to fall off in that time, or to fall off after it climbed above the gaiter (and onto me!) So that is what I will try the next time I get one!
Waiting to see how it holds up.
Holds up ok and does a good job.
Bags work great! Very pleased with them!
Still alive I finally bought carnivores potting soil and about to open and transplant
I really like these. I wish they were a tad bit brighter, which is why I have a four star instead of 5. But they are really cute and fun with the setting change mode, and love the remote for easy on and off.
The unit worked well but the output is a light mist, a standard manual pump sprayer puts out more pressure/volume.
This pair of gloves is approximately 13" from cuff to finger tip. They feel secure on my hands and I can move hot equipment and not slip while holding things.
I think it's working. However, I have also gotten two cats and am still setting out D-Con. I've seen a couple of mice since buying it - some recently. Maybe I need more units. The one I have is in my kitchen - near the D-Con - and I see NOBODY has nibbled on the D-Con......what in the world do they find to eat in the bedrooms?
Wish the inside capacity was a little larger cause it is a very snug fit to try and reach around the top of grill to be able to zip up
This coir is amazing expanding wise. I have to see how my plants take to it. But so good so far
Love it, my plants jump out of the bag to get to it.
Will not transmit 300' through buildings
nice item..but rain gauge is "plastic", not glass as described, and will not resist wear or fading from sunlight like glass--just FYI
Difficult for my husband to put together and poor instructions, but excellent buy for the price.
I liked the umbrella the only concern I have is the material seems thinner than others I've purchased. I love the lights especially the switch on/off . My only concern is how long will the umbrella last especially if on those windy days we have Santa Ana Winds .
Product came broken but they are sending me a new one which is great. I would buy from them again!
Two weeks. That's how long they lasted before they started getting holes in the fingertips
Shipped quickly. Packaged nicely box wasn't damaged. We haven't set up it up yet.
Hung them outside our house to deter woodpeckers from ruining our siding. I have not heard a woodpecker since they've been installed. Very happy.
It was a little crushed when it arrived as it was shipped in a plastic envelope instead of a box, but I was able to re-bend it into a globe shape with my hands. The spacing between the bars is a little large, but is fine for romaine leaves or heads of cabbage/cauliflower. The two halves snap together at four points. Easy to clean, easy to hang. Good way to give a little enrichment during times they can't/don't want to be outside.
Excellent, but make sure your weed-wacker is designed to use four. I made that mistake. I immediately started having problems running my 40 watt ryobi weedwacker. Once I began using only 2, it now works very well.
I intend to buy a second one of these composters. The lid easily "locks" and it made it through a hurricane when the plastic box around our generator had its lid and a door blow off. The only thing I wish it had was bigger openings in the top to get watered by the rain. I have composted for years, but I now live in a different climate, so I can't really compare it to my many previous composters.
Really nice! Adjustable straps around kegs. Rugged and feel like they will do he job in the event if a mishap.
Pump did not work when I first tried it...had to unscrew the bottom where the pump was located. Whoever put this together at the factory did a really poor job. They had the wires to the pump connectors twisted around the tube and had it crimped so badly that the liquid would not be able to get into the pump itself. I fixed it and also installed an extra 10 ft of tubing for those of you who, may be like me and too old to carry around a 4 gallon tank on your back...I strap it to a dolly and now I have something that is VERY useful to me.
I like how it folds back up, great for days at the park. It is fleece on the top so I'm not sure how to clean up.
Love how light weight this hose is. Easy to put away. Have only used a couple of times but there are a couple of snags on the braided covering already so not sure about durability. So far I really like this hose just concerned how long it will last.
Much lower to ground than it 'appears' and a bit difficult to get up from. Not as comfy as I would like, so added a two inch padded cushion for more comfort. Have only used it a couple of times and wanted something I could fold up for winter storage which will work well.
The pick up tube does not go all the way down. It will stop spraying before you are out of water.
nice design, we wish have white on this statue
Was sad that I couldn't find a slightly smaller ladder for out 30inch pool but I removed the top step on this one and it works great. Study and makes is so easy to get in and out!
I ordered them for a project at the Veterans home
works well. Great suctions. Pool is looking good!
We wanted the bigger one, but obviously we order the smaller, but it works in our summer cottage.
Loved the product, works amazing.It is very easy to set up because of its simple design.The units are working well and since installing them we have not seen a single snake.
haven't planted them yet but will this month to see how they do in the fall, the seeds came on time and the pricing was good for me, thanks
Fast shipping and good quality
Great bench for price. Screws supplied are poor quality. One snapped when tightening.
Spray is not powerful enough. Easy to use.
The mice in our kitchen have been annoying me for a while, and nothing seemed to work. We ordered these and caught a mouse the first night! Amazing! My only critique is that the sliding door side should be easier to open from the outside. When I went to let the mouse go, I had to use a stick to open the spring-loaded door end because I couldn't get the other side to open. Still, worth every penny.
Good and good lookin except I ordered the 12 foot version and the one I got is over 13.
I wasn't aware of just how small this package would be. It fits easily in the palm of one hand. The birds liked it, but this is rather pricey.
Worked out of box on cloudy day adds great ambiance to yard. Took point away for stakes, they are too flimsy, would gladly pay a few more dollars for metal ones. Ended up going to Lowe's and getting metal landscaping stakes - works great because they slide further up and provide more stability.
The quality overall appears good and it fits fairly well. The screw holes for the cover bracket were not threaded. I needed to tap them myself in order to complete the installation. Once installed it cured all my snow blower's ills.
Most of the tools were useful but the mini shovels were hard to use
Good seeds, germination was about 90% and grew fast, tasty also.
The seeds I bought didn't work out. They bulbs worked out but went dormant.
When functioning as intended, they are awesome and solved the freezing issue we had with the vertical nipples in single digit temps and below. These have hit negative double digits without freezing. The only issue is that 1 of the 5 nipples has a rod that drags and therefore doesn't seat right after the chicken uses it, meaning it was emptying our 5 gallon bucket pretty much overnight. Big problem in sub zero temperatures. I am going to try taking it apart and seeing if cleaning it can fix it. EDIT: Took out the one that was leaking and inspected more closely. The issue turned out to be the spring inside wasn't properly seated and was keeping the o-ring from sealing. Quickly reseated it with a knife and it's working perfectly!
Product good and sturdy-seems like it will last. Working well in our yard.
GOOD SIZE AND GETS THE POINT ACROSS
To cut down on noise and electricity use plus keeps pool cleaner
It s not easy to clean you needs a plastic bag inside
I like this product but the light color screw clamp on top has cracked almost all the way around. is there a replacement part for this?
It is not as bright as I thought it would be, but works well
Worked very well and had my sprinkler controller up and running,. The only complaint is the wires are shorter than the original so I had to stretch them to the limit just to connect them
The desk looked great after assembling, which wasn't overly difficult. The box was well packed & instructions were adequate. My only complaint would be regard to the collar for wiring/cables to go thru - cheap, super thin plastic that cracked apart during assembly. Needs to be soft rubber.
Clever and compact. I hide it by the BBQ for when I've forgotten something
covers an outdoor receptacle, with some surrounding plants look a little-bit natural
Charged it fully and used on my Ryobi blower. Seems as good as the original Ryobi battery.
Little lights on a tiny wire. They plug into a use cable.
I have a large indoor Boston fern that has to be misted and watered frequently. This seems to be working well to accommodate frequent lowering and raising of the plant container. I hope it holds up over time. I don't know if these will survive outside in our intense heat and sunshine. Come Spring I'll try a bird feeder and update.
So cute, I wish they came in half sizes
This is a beautiful hammock and very sturdy...but it's too long. I saw the 13 feet after I ordered it and hoped for the best but unfortunately, it was way too long for our area. I have the hammock/stand combo by the same company and I need the exact same hammock but I'm having the hardest time finding it. Everywhere I check does not have the hammock in that size without a stand. This is super frustrating..thus the 4 star. The product ID's are always the same so it's a bit misleading. If you think you're getting the same one that comes with the stand, think again. If you're looking for a super long amazing hammock then this is perfect.
Number 1: this thing REALLY works. It attracts flies like no other. I'd wager there are thousands in the bag I hung just a week ago. HOWEVER Number 2: It smells like a rotting corpse. Hang it as far from your house as you can. Stench carries on the slightest breeze! Number 3: As the bag gets fuller, the flies aren't dying as fast when they get inside--I guess because of the pile up of floating corpses, the aren't exposed to the liquid as quickly. This is giving them a chance to lay eggs. And there are definitely a few dozen maggots crawling around on top of the carnage.
Cooler worked great up to a certain capacity. Filling the cooler to capacity with drinks and ice caused the top seam to separate over time from picking it up and down several times throughout the day. The separation happened over a three day period.
I have no garage to keep my weights covered. During the summer the shade is adequate to keep the sun out of my eyes and a nice cool breeze blowing through my workout area. I have placed anchors in the ground and attached the legs with hose clamps. The joints have been screwed together using self tapping screws. The cover lasts about 3 yrs before replacing the cover only. The frame has a very good powder coating that lasts a long time depending on environment.
The protection would be better if the length of the gloves was one to two inches longer.
Touchscreen fingertips wear off pretty quickly but other than that they are great gloves. I use them for gardening and they're the best I've used.
The product arrived on time and is doing as advertised.
Smaller than I had expected, but still really nice especially for the price.
I think they used to work better with the old style attractant, but that stuff could get you stung if you got it on you...the rest of the trap is the same and still works well...Ive tried hamburger traps, electric traps, water traps on the ground, these are the best ive found...be sure you buy the one for your area...im in the west and purchase accordingly.not working currently...may be the weather
Too early in the season to actually use them, but delivery was prompt and they appear to be exactly as described.
I haven't tried it enough yet
They are very tiny and fragile but look very pretty in the trees. Not a light source but pretty decorations.
Works great. Was able to use both units simultaneously. Gas gauge is a bonus.
This is great. Looks good. Does not leak. The hummers love it
It is heavier then I thought it would be.
Works well for small areas. Love that it's rechargeable and portable! Fantastic to take on camping trips!
I put this in about a week ago along with the solar blanket to cover my 24 foot round above ground pool. The water temp when I installed them was 61 degrees. Today, about a week later, the combination of the two brought my water temp up to 77 degrees. To add to that the universal sun heater is only in the sun for about 2 to 3 hours a day. I can't even imagine what it would be if it were in direct sunlight for 5 or 6 hours.
Super tight fit on my grill which is just slightly larger than the measurements listed but i made it work. If your grill is larger than this cover by even an inch i would recommend going with the next size up as it can be tightened down but does not stretch well lol.
the lights and remote are truly amazing for the price. only reason i didn't give 5 stars is cause it isn't very sticky. i had to put tape over it so it would stay up, would buy it again though
This worked great, it's the best I seen my plants looked in a long time, it keeps the ph at the right level, I grew 6 plants in my little grow house last year, but this year I could only grow 2 because of how big they got, love it....
Really nice for the price. I like the size of the drainage holes. The pots look very nice on my balcony--let's hope they hold up in the sun.
Lightweight and convenient to move things around, like heavy bags of water softener.
Looks good except for mounting bracket. Should be designed so that rain gauge could be above mounting post to prevent splashing of rain.
Nice little Tester! It works pretty well for soil moistness and ph!
Makes the garden smells like chocolate! It is molding in the yard after 5 days of strait rain and clouds. I think mulch would be doing the same though. Really soggy when wet.
I really like the product and can't wait to display the way I would like to. The only thing, I thought it came with wire or rope to hang with. Thanks
Very easy to use, pleasant scent, amount needed to spray the yard thoroughly was less than expected, should be able to apply a second application with this bottle. Spraying a yard for fleas, will not be able to judge effectiveness of the product without more time. I know the process takes a little while - Thank You
Product arrived on time and was like pictured. Hang them up before you take the ties off the long strands so they do not get tangled!
nothing i am 84 yrs old have not got to replace the old one whats the hurry i am not going anyplace
Such a cute planter; made very well! The only downside is there isn't a hole in the bottom for drainage.
My hummingbird love it ,it's like a.hummingbird freeway around my house.
Great looking and sturdy enough. Only problem is that the solar lights should automatically come on when dark but requires light switch. In order to recharge must be turned off again.
The Sun Joe Blower is what we expected. We are very happy with it. Even the color.
It was smaller than expected but works fine.
Using this for my little indoor garden. Trying to plant in winter, so had to use one bedroom as my greenhouse. Trying this to see if it will work. Took off 1 star because I wish that the lights are bigger. Easy to install, versatile where you want to use it.
I have decent sized hands for a woman and the gloves run big but I still have no trouble using them.They seem well made and would be more handy if they were smaller for me.
The spouts swapped out with no problem. The threads on the caps do not fit the new (so called) ergonomically gas cans. The threads on the caps are smaller than the older cans.
The setup was simple and practical. Some pieces were broken but I fixed them myself. Overall happy with my purchase. I purchased two of it :-)
This stand works beautifully for my patio container garden. After reading the negative reviews on how the stand fell apart, wood is cheap, etc., we decided to pick up some wood glue and polyurethane sealent spray. Its wonderful, and very sturdy now! Just know the wood is untreated, so you will have to seal it if you want it to last outdoors.
I have used this grill once since I bought it. It worked well, but like others described it did seem to take a while to warm up. The 1 inch opening across the back may have something to do with it. After it heated it seemed to cook fine with no issues. The grill was a little beat up some marks and scratches all over it. Could have happened in manufacturing, but very well could have happened in shipping. I found it to be very dirty. I thought the rectangular pan that hold the drip cup could have had a better design. it is just sitting on a small ledge under there. I would think it should have to slide in to hold it in place, but not so. It can easily fall if bumped the wrong way. I tried to slid into the groove I thought it was meant to go in, but it was blocked and did not allow it to slide all the way through. Over all I would say a decent grill worth the money.
A little narrower than what I've seen before but good quality and comfortable
Love this but wish the price a little bit lower. For the price we paid I could have spent a little bit more for a rubberized one. It does the job though fits under our entry bench perfectly and easy to wash.
Nothing really complicated about this, you plug it in and hang it up. Two weeks and the container is full. The instructions tell you to not hang it near the area where people are, but that didn't make sense to me, so I hung it under the table on our porch, and now it is full of skeeters. We've really noticed a difference. It is a bit pricey, but it works... Oh, and did I mention it is quiet, very quiet. I was laughing because on one of the other reviews, one guy complained because he had to place his ear close to it in order to know it was working, that was the selling point for me.
It was just what I expected for a small hose, works just fine.
Bought these to hang some hammock chairs i had bought. For the job perfectly! Holds the weight and hasnt started to fray yet. Holds the weight perfectly.
I bought these because they were so much cheaper than the Black and Decker name brand spools. I just used them this weekend and they work just fine. I took off one star because the spool has a hard time holding on to the last bit of line. The black and decker brand lasts until the very last bit but I had to switch spools and throw out over a foot of line for my first spool. Hopefully they are not all like that. For a much lower price I have many more to try out.
Some of the wires are too thin. Just be aware before you buy it.
The first thermostat didnt keep a steady temperature, it varies a lot. And then it got worse. I used it for the heat bulb for my ball python and it was getting too hot inside the aquarium. I emailed the company and they sent me a replacement along with a shipping label to return the other one so that they could inspect it. The second works amazingly well!! Much much better!! I gave 4 stars because although they have amazing customer service, I did get a faulty one the first time and that was scary.
The magnet is very nice with good information. The magnet is strong and sticks nicely on my fridge. The only issue I had it was folded in half and packaged. I had two rips on the top material that contains the information where it was folded. When the magnet is folded and stuck in place I can still read the information and is still usable but I had to dock one star. Sucks to have something flawed that is nice on my fridge and is geared towards my love of smoking.
Arrived just as I hoped , amazon does it again, happy with quick service and this is why they are everyone's favorite place to shop
The bait traps work well. Perhaps because their new, they're a little hard to open. I have to use the key and a small flat screw driver to open them. But filling and closing is easy.
Great bags. They fit the Polaris perfectly. A lot cheaper than the namebrand bag. Our German Shepherd likes to take the Polaris out and rip the bag so we have to replace frequently. Glad we found these!
ordered this to water rinse my rzr windshield , has great pressure, wand is a little longer than i expected, and the spray tip is very short between stream and spray adjustments
Looks good would buy again
I bought this for a teenager. The only thing I did not like about it is that it comes in a plain brown cardboard box. It does not come in the box shown. So, it doesn't make for great gift giving. I printed out the picture and glued it to the box - otherwise, the recipient would have no idea what it is or used for. Kind of a bummer. :-/
I loved the fairies, they are so cute. I used these in my yard art with tea sets. I had a problem at first with the wings but I finally found a good glue that worked. The fairies just made them perfect.
Pretty well satisfied with this kit. Good value for the money.
I'm using this to connect my Giantex portable automatic washer to my sink faucet. It worked great for about three months, but now has started popping off the faucet as soon as the washer shuts off the flow. I suppose it isn't designed for the pressure.
Works well but a little on the expensive side
So far this sun shade has worked great. I have a brick house and the bricks really heat-up in the summer and my air conditioner struggles to keep the house cool, but with this sun shade covering my backyard deck the bricks are much cooler. The sun still passes through the material, but it really cuts down on the amount of heat and sunlight. I'd like to buy a second identical sun shade, just to double the thickness of the material and have even less sunlight, less heat passing through yet.
The scent is strong but not unpleasant. It has not seems to cause distress to me (and I am pretty sensitive as well as asthmatic) or to my cat.
Would've liked to have a smaller setting for food delivery with smaller fish
Work great. Wish the lights were a tad brighter. It's more of a blue color than bright white. The wire is not like a loose wire is a stiff wire that tangles easily but also once you put it in the shape you want it will stay.
These are beautiful and were the perfect addition to our fall decorations. The only complaint I have is that they are super thin and the leaves are rather sparse. If I had the time I'd prob just buy the string lights and attach the fake leaves myself and do a better job, but unfortunately I dont. Otherwise, they are super cute.
A little more flexible than I wanted
It's heavy when filled, but very light when empty.. I wish the spray head could be removed for pouring a narrow stream.
I live in the very rainy Pacific Northwest where it rains almost everyday. These lights have not taken in any water (so far.) I've had these lights for just over week and love them so far. They did not however come with a remote control so I have to give this product a 4 star review instead of 5.
Great and sits in the foyer area of my home.
Good cleaner, not as powerful as my 3100 PSI pressure cleaner but didn't expect it to be, nor did I want it to be that powerful. The only thing I fault this for and took one star off is when the trigger is squeezed it seems to fall, the pressure goes off and it takes a second for the motor to come on so it relieves pressure then it builds it back up. Still a great pressure cleaner though will definitely keep it. Mine arrived with the knob broken off the crank handle and I contacted customer support with Karcher and one 10 minute phone call and a couple of days later a whole new top assembly showed up, handle, hose reel , and hose showed up from them. AWESOME SUPPORT
Wish the willow frame was a little more stout; I've already broken a couple of the pieces just opening and closing it and figuring out where to use it. The leaves are staying on beautifully, and it looks great. My contractor asked where I got it. We may be mounting them at an angle on top of an 8' fence, to screen a business being constructed behind our house - we haven't decided yet. Glad I bought one to try it out; I can think of many ways to use it, both indoors and out. That stink, though... I see what the other reviewers mean. I've sprayed it with Nature's Miracle Oxy and that helped some, as has just letting it sit outside and air. That one star off is for the smell and the broken branches.
Has a good feel in your hands.
sturdy, extends well & gets the job done. no issues so far.
I used the sprayer to put down castor oil and dish soap for voles. It is heavy duty, and did a good job, my only complaint is, for me, it was uncomfortable to use with the down spray direction shield. I plan to take it off the next time and see if it's any better.
Beautiful decoration plants for a part of the bedroom or livingroom . Also provides some light to have a couple of minutes reading before sleep . Perfect for children's room , specially for nights .
Fast shipment, very happy!
Good plug in, waiting to see how it works but cockroaches are bad in the south. Fingers crossed it works well...will update later.
Produces a fine looking patty! Still experimenting regarding stuffed burger meat quantity as first effort was a delicious monster!
cute pot, works well indoors.
These work pretty good. Almost too good--gotta watch your fingers!
Really cute but the seller just orders it from Walmart and ships it to you. I don't like to shop at Wal-Mart so had I known that, I wouldn't have ordered...so just a heads up for anyone else!
On a windy day the cover blows around so we are going to try to see if we can make the knobs tighter for it but other than that it's good.
Just planted several with my nieces, in celebration of new baby girl granddaughter, who will be arriving, The name the parents chose is "Zinnia" I will come back to post pictures of both . Thank you again
Worked well for cooking steaks.
Construction, etc. of bird feeder is fine, but I wish it had a slightly larger capacity. Birds polish off the food in record time.
Thanks right on time , looking forward to doing business with you in the future.
Hose seems to work well,i havent had it long,lightweight,but sprayer that came with it leaks
They don't last very long, but they're brighter than others. They're double sided. The only issue is the top corner, not connected to the pole, is where the flag fails. They're cheap enough price wise to be competitive with the other brands that last longer. I have wind every afternoon and evening.
We have two of these. They work at night, the family room one catches the most the other one is in my daughters room. She does find the light and sound it makes but it is worth it when you dump out all the gnats and mosquitoes in the bottom cup.
THEY WORK GREAT FOR MY PURPOSE
Well made, value for price.
Decently made and seems strong material. But as stated on several of the other reviews the main bolts that hold the top to the legs are too short. I went out and bought the correct size bolts. Company contacted me and offered to reimburse for bolts. Good customer service. They should just fix the original problem.
I am not easy to impress - but this unit is very impressive!! Seeds germinated in about half the time I expected. Programming is a snap and maintaining the unit is easy enough with water and nutrient changes every 14 days. It IS very, VERY bright. Puts out only a small amount of heat. Why only 4 stars? I want to see how it plays out its first season. I expect it to be great, but we'll see. So far, it's a keeper.
Ordered the door mats during the customization process it asks for your family name. I entered my last name without a S at the end making it plural assuming that was a given. When the mats arrived they were not plural and did not make much sense. I contacted the seller and they responded quickly and said they would send new rugs with the correct lettering. Within a week i had the new rugs and the seller made it right. The material the rug is made out of isnt quite how it appears on the picture. Its a little thinner, best way to explain it is maybe a thicker mouse pad material but it looks good.
It's been a little over a year and this Umbrella Replacement Cover Canopy has faded. The underside remains its original color but the top is almost a dusty rose color. It's a well-made product just wish the color wouldn't have faded.
great but a bit short my fault
Product as described, quick to ship.
dose a good Job . need ! size up floor soft
Thought this was a longer wand than it is but it works. It does have pressure which is nice.
this hanger was perfect for my two hanging plants and a humming bird feeder. The only disappointing factor was that it did not come with any screws (rust proof at a minimum) so it could be hanged. Hand to go to hardware store to purchase the "right sized" ones to fit.
Purchased this to revive a Toro Recycler mower that would not start after a year in storage. Tried starting fluid and it would run for a second or two on that which told me the carb was likely gummed up with stale gas. Completed the swap in less than an hour including the time to get the tools out and clean up. Very easy job; numerous YouTube videos out there to guide the process. Seems to be OEM quality at fraction of the cost. At this price it doesn't make sense to waste time on carb rebuild and obviously far cheaper and easier than taking it to the shop, if you can even find a place that works on small engines. Received quickly and packaged well.
Powerful enough to handle my 1/3 acre lot. Battery life is satisfactory but not excellent.
I've had a few days and run a couple cycles thru using my 'acid test' tool for these my cordless 'weed whacker/string trimmer.' First impression was too small and light as others have seen, BUT... they work and charge OK in both the big green charger and the smaller tool charger. I really doubt the THREE AMP HOUR on them as they don't do as well/long as my big block Ryobi brand 3's do. BUT!!!!! for less than 40 bucks to get two LI-ION's that fit and had led charge indicators on them is a decent deal even if 2amp hour or a Little less. It's too easy to get tangled up ion the numbers, look at the utility vs. price. I'd buy again.
Nice looking pots, although there are slight blemishes in the design. But for the price not a big deal. Would buy again.
I only saw one hummingbird come to my feeder. But it was attractive, easy to use and held the liquid well. My problem was an insistent squirrel decided to climb on the feeder and drink the sugar water. His weight and movement caused the feeder to come crashing down on our deck. I am so disappointed, that I am considering buying another one.
Have yet to have any issues(aside from having a weird smell)... fun for camping - while letting the kidz setup a perimeter around campground.
Letters are too small to read from my chair to me TV stand.
The flags were great, just what I was looking for. 2 flags were missing from my order though.
I love the color and it seemed to be durable. Pressure points in winter when heavy snow sits on it can be a problem and cause holes. The warranty is great.
Used it to flush out the heater core on my CRV.
Looks great and lights up the pool area just fine.... the bulbs are a little fragile though....broke two hanging the lights up.... otherwise I'm happy with them... easy to hang too!
Good fit. Hope they last longer than my last replacements. Time will tell.
Cute little set that is in reality much like it looks in the photo.
Mine did not fit at the spring end. I had to trim the plastic to get it to fit in the hole. Would have been an easy install if not for that.
They are great for highway use and look great while riding. However, I have had 2 encounters where they vibrate enough to fall off. I do not see a solution without securing them permanently with the enclosed plumbers pipe tape. Any suggestions are appreciated.
These mats look a lot like most other similar products, but they have a slightly thicker pile (the carpeting is a bit more fluffy compared to some other brands). They work great, while still thin enough for a door to glide across them if used inside. The color options are misleading, as some other reviewers have said. If you're trying to match decor, you may consider looking at other rugs. But if color does not matter much, the utility of these mats deserves consideration. I ordered gray which is frankly a blue-ish color. No worries in my case, as they are used in the garage. They do their job well -- clean dirty, wet shoes and dog paws! The mats clean well too. A stiff broom or vacuum gets the grit out. They hold up well to a beating against the wall for removing sand. A hose and water get mud off well. Weight is worth noting. There are similar rugs with a heavier plastic backing...the underside. I will say, the light weight of the backing on these mats can make them scoot on the floor, while heavier alternatives stay put better. But if you're looking for a thin, waterproof backing with enough fluff to keep floors cleaner and drier, give these a shot ... just don't get picky on color! As with all of my reviews, I am writing this after purchasing, trying, washing and comparing this product over time with similar items. I hope you find it helpful.
This product is slightly smaller than I expected, However, it does the job in Veg for my tomatoes and peppers. It does not complete the cycle for bloom so you need to look for another LED for the bloom cycle. Hours have been cycled everything, but the Bloom will not be supported. I had to buy a separate light and they are doing just fine now.
I put both sets in a hanging glass candle holder to light a small nook. They look really pretty. The light is soft and warm. It's not quite bright enough to read by. After about 6 months, one set no longer turns on (even with fresh batteries).
Went together quite easily. Perfect size. Shelves a little flimsy, but they'll work.
This is a very good product. The best I have used so far.
I ordered this for my father, it took a few tries adjusting the temperature, something we kind of had to guess about how to do, but now it works great. Seems quality, he has it outside on his deck, it looks great so hopefully it lasts.
Well made and does great job providing shade
I purchased this in the late fall of 2015 and have used it now for three cold seasons. The copper portion of this is what you are paying for and I feel that it is of good quality. The lid / screen is made of ferrous metal, so after high heat and a little moisture ... it shows some rust. I live in California where it is dry (low humidity), but I came from Central Florida. The lid and stand would not hold up in Florida, but both have worked well in California. The stand is three legged and I have used sand in the base with a grate. The unit is heavy to move with the sand in it and it feels somewhat flimsy on when I move it, but it has not bent. The weather cover is useless and it failed the first winter, even under a patio roof. I picked up a good canvas replacement on Amazon for about $20 and it works fine. If I had known, I would have bought this first and just thrown away the weather cover that comes with it. I would buy this again, but it is nice to see that the price has dropped from the amount I paid in 2015. It does need to be placed on a non flammable hard surface and it does need a hole drilled in it if it gets water / rain in it.
Worked as advertised.
The clock was completely apart when I received it
This cover works great to keep out leaves and large animals (yes we had a dead squirrel). Its easy to put on and off. Sometime I find that the tie doesn't secure the top enough, but only issues have been during serious storms
Great product for any trade. And it doesn't soak up water like some other do, great for working in places where ur limited on room.
Had to modify, but it works fine. Old set had holes on both sides
Air plants came in great condition, and for the most part look really healthy. Our office is enjoying them!
Perfect for very small pools easy to use. The bag does come off sometimes and collects in dirt in the tie part which means you cant get it out.
Awesome product but I ordered two blue and one was pink. My nephew was not amused... lol! Had to purchase a third and give the pink to my niece.
I used the repellants today for first time. I really ordered them for my grandchildren because of natural ingredients & ease of use but I decided to try them myself first. Mosquitoes love me! I got brave and went out with exposed arms & legs, late afternoon. I put the rings on ankles, wrists & around my neck. During approximately 30 minutes time, I got 2 small bites. I saw mosquitoes flying close & I am sure without protection, I would have had multiple bites. While they did not give 100% protection, they get a thumbs-up from me.
Does not fit in the planter as well as I had hoped. But functional none the less.
It was sent missing a piece to mount it so I can only use four of them now but other than that they are great
Good item, I wish the sound was louder.
After using this I can only ask "what took me so long to find a solution to the frustration of wanting to thoroughly clean my hummingbird feeders?" I tried using handles of wooden spoons and other things to no avail. This is fast and easy. My only complaint is that they could have added another inch or two to the handle for some of the longer bottle feeders as I am always afraid of having it slip through my fingers and getting stuck in the narrow necked bottles. Still well worth the price!
Great product to replace grill cleaning brushes with metal that fall off and cause medical issues. A little hard to keep clean.
Presidential house cleaning and I just got it only used it once
These little lights work pretty well and the photo sensor is reliable. This system isn't fancy, but it appears to work as advertised. Also, many of the items I order like this online end up being smaller than they appear online. However, these lights are reasonably sized and aesthetically attractive. I am satisfied.
Great universal replacement. The only issue I had was no screws were included and I had to find different sized screws.
CanT tell if it works yet Have another poison close to it which is being eaten. No bite evidence of the bait in this trap after 1 week
Don't buy any of those parts on char brooks site. These are just as good and way cheaper.
I just needed this for the surface of my pool for floating leaves. Works good for me. I only wish it had more expansion capability. It's not as sturdy as my previous one but a lot less expensive.
We like these covers and this is our 3rd set ordered since early 2013. The covers are well made and do a good job of covering and protecting the patio chairs. The only knock we have on these is that the material becomes dry and brittle from the sun. They have a 3-year warranty, but that's about as long as they will last. We get a set about every 3 years. Our first set of these did not come from Amazon, but through another outdoor catalog company. I believe those were a better heavier material and they lasted about 5 seasons. Have gone with Amazon due to the price per each savings. But we've had to replace these more often.
Very easy to install even for a rookie. Worked great. Some adjustments may be required if your mower runs a little rough or backfires after installation but start with factory settings.
Comes in handy when organizing bottom drawers
Worked like a charm, unfortunately the installation was expensive. Best suited for the handy man in you.
I really love that this product is chemical free way to get rid of unwanted pests.
It works quite well. I bought it to find property boundary markers and I have found them.
Works well, but you need to figure out the correct flow rate. Test these out prior to your trip for best results.
I use it outside in a front flowerbed. Working great.
The chairs look good and are comfortable. They do not fold quite as flat as I would like.
What I like best about these pruners are they are very lightweight and smaller in size. I have a small hand and they fit very nice and comfortable for me.
originally i got the PH kit - the Ph up and down were only like 8 ounce bottles - ran out of Ph up so i got the gallon size in hopes it will last longer for general gardening
Edit: I purchased a pump which broke and the company replaced my broken pump very quickly. The new pump is working well
So far so good the product works great. The only reason why it isn't 5 stars is the bottle was leaking from a loose cap when it arrived and a lot of the product had leaked out
Great to start planting Especially if you're a beginner!
We just received this cover so have not had any rain yet. Seems very durable
It works well, but when I opened the box dust was everywhere. Could be packed better
The "easy set" option is perfect. Capture and release is easy and painless. My only complaint with one door is that it is difficult to get the bait in the proper position.
Good for the price point
I purchased this product on a friend's recommendation. I baited it with unsalted peanuts. And and scattered a few peanuts outside the trap. Which quickly disappeared. It sat there for two weeks with no results. Disappointed, I ordered another type of trap through Amazon. The very next morning, lo and behold, a squirrel in the trap! I'm now trapping one every couple days. Be sure to check the trap regularly. Ground squirrels don't live long in the traps. Even on relatively mild days. I also received a cracked basin. Contacted the manufacturer directly. And I received a new basin in a few days. Great customer service.
This scoop with quick release works pretty well. The quick release is so loose that you really have to be intentional to hold it until you want to release the seed in the feeder. But for the price it gets the job done.
Burlap loop broke off
Organizing my garden with name tags? Absolutely.
Nought it for a friend with porch pillars,it looks great on his pillars
I really like this grill, love the spring latches and electric start. We use it on our pontoon boat, makes for a great day on the water. Only dislike for me is the regulator is meant to be permanently attached and seems vulnerable to impact. My solution was to carry regulator separate and attach when needed then remove again for storing. That being said, it's still a great little grill, especially for the money.
This cleaner has worked very good for me so far. It does not get stuck on the steps like the previous cleaner I used. I would buy again.
branches sturdy enough to hold ornaments, base stable on a table, beautiful lights. wish the base was designed to be more pleasing to the eye and that there was an on/off toggle
Just like picture. Heavy duty material! Good quality
A few of the screws didn't twist in but still holds together and we are loving it
I like the price. Would like to see a larger bottle.
I really liked the product, but one of the handles bent on me. I have sent that one back and ordered another one. I'm a 56 year old with heart problems and was working on a branch that was above my head. I had the tool fully extended and it bent one side. I'm going to give this product another chance. I think a half inch branch is pushing it fully extended.
Super fun! They work really well and I like all the settings. They take 3 AA batteries, and lasted a surprisingly long time. I have other coworkers with battery powered lights as well and theirs burned through batteries like candy.
I had no idea that I was gonna have to assemble the wheels/casters myself. It comes with an allyn wrench and you have to painstakingly screw each wheel in yourself. This item worked out perfectly for what I intended to use it for. I specifically chose this rolling stand because of how small the casters are compared to other brands. I needed to use this for underneath my coffee maker, as anything intended for that purpose was not going to work out for me. It was the perfect solution and I'm very happy I found this! I do think that if you intend to use this for a heavy plant pot, that the small wheels could be an issue, especially on carpet. Which is why I gave it a realistic 4 star instead of 5.
I installed it on a 1800 GPH pump on a 1000 gallon pond with a 20ft stream and intermediate pond and it has cleaned it up great. The only reason I gave it a 4 out of 5 is because the fittings that came with it required a lot of teflon tape to tighten up. They acted like straight threads vs tapered, it still worked though. I would buy again. I have had it in operation for a month now.
Would have been a better neck knife but for gardening super!
Works great for indirect cooking on your Weber grill. Pork butt, chicken, etc, turn out tender and juicy. Had an issue with the stone being cracked during shipping and they replaced it promptly no questions asked. Great product and great customer service.
Good product, accurate, easy to use.
Not that bright. Tough to figure out the settings. Not that great instructions. Works good.
Seems to be working! Not seeing as many spiders and not the first mouse.
Decent quality would have like the tray better if it attached better otherwise use them all the time.
As describe, but the rubber part that holds the fuel lines in place is way to big to fit in the hole of the fuel tank. I was looking for that part as well as mine is dry rotted from the ethanol fuel used.
I like the feeder the only drawback was the size, it seemed to be a bit small. The first one I got came without the bottom piece so I had to reorder. The code Amazon send was not accepted by our Mailroom so I just kept the first one for an extra globe.
I bought this product on a neighbor's recommendation. You have to attach a hose to it, and spray the product that mixes with the water from the hose, so its really easy to apply. Regarding the mosquitoes and bugs, yes, we have seen less. Its not like we got rid of those blood suckers, but there are less. If you found this review helpful, please click on the helpful button. Thanks.
Not bad for the money. The box was nice and it arrived in one piece.
Needed to add an additional 1-1/2 ounce lead sinkers to keep Stellar Jays out of it. Horizontal rain (we get a lot of it) soaks feeding ports. Have four units- place two at a time. Difficult to clean, so soak one pair. Bottom nut cross-threads very easily on flimsy plastic shaft.. Recommend protecting hanging wire as metal-to-metal will cause wire rope to shred over time.
I do not understand the mechanics behind how something so simple can do so much. It works better than the vacuum that hooks to the suction for the pool. And it's soooo much easier to deal with setting up and using. Ot dis not arrive when promised and was a little inconvenient since I wanted to use it in the weekend. I followed another's tip and put a tennis ball in the net to keep it upright while in the water. I suggest that.
not as bright as expected, more on the amber side vs white
We love our lights! They really cozy up our bland back porch.
Expensive but seems to work very well. It was highly recommended by our local pest controller.
It works, What can I say. ..
the stake could be longer but is good to move around
works great so far expecially for the price
Bought this for a friend and she loves it. Best feature is it doesn't stink. Heavy snow it does take more battery power but other than that its wonderful. She liked it so much we bought one for ourselves.
Everything was great,no problem with delivery etc...Ordered a few other things,outside the packaging I'm extremely pleased with the products...Will def be using again.
These are growing well and look nice. No plumes yet.
great price for a good product
These are so beautiful. But word of caution, they will rust in the wires were it goes into the butterflies or dragon flies which ever one you get. Please be aware that you need to put some silicone or hot glue on the ends were they meet the ornaments to stop moisture from getting into them and corroding the wires. Believe me I know. My first set only lasted a couple of months due to this and that is why I removed one star. Otherwise they are very beautiful at night.
Great LED lights but bit dim, wish they were brighter
The birds spill more seeds out than they eat
Cannot recommend. Nice lights. But out of two sets of 6, twelve total - One light dead on arrival, and within 4 days another has died. That's a high failure rate. How do I get replacements? Will update...
Love watching these at night while sitting on my deck, they are mesmerizing. This is the 5th or 6th I have purchased. They last about a year without changing battery, which as I have never done, because you can buy a new one for a little more than a battery.
it does the job but the flat surface its too loose/ not heavy enough to keep it flat.
Just added a bit of cider vinegar and this thing has trapped a lot of fruit flies. No longer see any around my kitchen.
Sturdy with some heft to it. I like it.
nice and small and works great so far
Didn't realize it was a clip when I bought them but still good product
Everything is good except the spark plug. Was sent a wrong size. I have to buy spark plug outside
I'm so tired of the plastic ones breaking. This one is metal with a metal lever. It works really well it is difficult to turn on sometimes.
Worked well on our patio. we have a roof on out patio but the sides are still exposed, did a good job over the winter break.
First off, it looks stunning. The macrame work is done perfectly. It has lovely detailing all around, and includes gorgeous orange beads at the top. The design is vintage, but it would also work well in a modern setting.
Packaging was stuck to the top pad and I could not get it loose so I lost one pad out of the order. Too early to tell if they will work, but by the looks, they should do fine.
will be able to evaluate after this winter
It fit a little snug for my cover, but was finally able to finesse it in. So far so good. I recommend this as a replacement valve box cover.
It looks great, good quality item. Just not as water resistant as one would wished!!!
This chair is great for the price. Very comfy and easy to use. My only complaint and what I wish I had paid better attention to before buying, is that it doesn't lay completely flat. The top half scoops upward and the bottom half scoops downward which makes laying on your stomach super uncomfortable. This is a great chair for lounging and/or tanning your front side but makes it impossible if you want to flip over and tan your back side. If you're not using this chair to tan, than this is a great purchase.
It works for insects bits. I also like the orange since.
I have seen this used well on YouTube but when I do it there are problems. I only took off one star because it may be the fault of my DE, how would I know? At any rate, it works very well until it plugs up, period.
So far, so good. Drip tray should be larger, as the drippings get all over the bottom past the tray on the sides and creates quite a clean up chore. I use a disposable drip tray now that fits the whole bottom so as to avoid the clean up mess. Also, burners do not have as fine of control as they need as the smoker can spike up in temperature fairly quickly with just a nudge on a dial. Drip pan tray and Smoker tray could use better rails as it can be easy to dump them if you don't pay attention when pulling them out to add water and/or wood.
would like to see magnetic closures behind zippers when used frequently. Will customize one of mine
Safe and easy to use.
Not really a blue light at night, more like a yellow white light. Still, it's better than nothing.
This thing cuts well. Not as well as a typical mower but you never have to worry about packing it up for the winter. Simple machine that starts when you start. I think if I would have went smaller I could take turns faster on it and minimize passes needed. It jams up on twigs so make sure you keep your lawn tidy and things go smoothly.
Works better than anything I could find in any store in my hometown.
Works great, seems like they will last for the season. Seems to be of good quality.
Good diverter. Make sure you have it level with your water barrel.
Works like it should and lid fits nice and tight.
Very pleasantly surprised with the quality of the cover, was not flimsy as I thought it would be and fits perfectly. The price is an additional plus, thank you amazon
Haven't had to use the tool yet with my connectors- they operate just fine with hand pressure. Appear we'll made and priced reasonably.
It would be a better product it is had a thicker guage. Kind of flimsy and bends easily. Looks nice and pretty easy to install.
Light functions well, seems sturdily built. Only thing I don't like, or more to the point, understand is why the lighting controls are on the lamp itself, but the power switch is on the cord... Having all controls in one place makes more sense. Maybe it's just me.... My use for this light is for an aquaponic filtration system for my aquarium. The light has certainly increased growth and made plants healthier, so I'd say it works as advertised. I've been running the light on full spectrum for 11 hrs daily. A vast improvement over the cheaper clip on grow lights.
Does it's purpose.Exactly what I expected. I would highly recommend it.
They are adorable. The lights are tiny but there are so many of them. I love that you can easily change the way the lights work with the remote. Fast, slow, flicker, etc. Nine different settings in all.
Good quality, hope the hook can be better
Lights come on by themselves when light is turned on in the room
We have a stray cat issue in our neighborhood, namely behind our house. We don't feed them, so they have no reason to stay, but they do. This trap has done a good job of catching them, as three have been relocated with it so far. The handle, 'guard' around the handle, and trap door areas could all stand to be made with some thicker and/or stronger materials. The handle has come loose more than once on me while transporting unruly cats, and the door seems to be a bit too flimsy and easy to defeat.
I got the 10 x 12 and it has a smaller footprint than any other 10 x 12 (much cheaper) gazebo I have had in the past. It comes with 4 privacy panels and the mosquito netting which is a plus but needs a better system to hold the panels and netting in place around the poles as others have mentioned. The gazebo seems to be very sturdy and I no longer have to worry about the rain pooling on sections of the fabric roof and collapsing as has happened in the past. The roof does drip around the edging in the middle of the sides as others have mentioned as well. The water is supposed to travel down the gutter and go down the four corner legs. My husband assembled this on his own with a friend helping at a couple of crucial places on the roof. All in all, I am satisfied with this purchase and hope it stands the test of time.
Nice switch, but i was surprised not to have a key included in the package.
I received this product about two weeks ago and so far I love it. I am using it for two roosters that I have to keep caged. It makes watering them so much easier and keep the water clean and available at all times. The only downside is that this won't work for most of the winter due to freezing, but it sure makes caring for them in mild weather much easier! I wish I had a bigger one for my hens. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that it is a little small for the price.
Haven't had a cat in my backyard since I installed it
Like others who have reviewed this item, all that came in the box was the tip top temp, no dial setting chart. Haven't used it yet but assume it will work just as well as my buddy's. Disappointed I had to go to their web site to copy the chart. Seems somewhat unprofessional.
Love it , very bright color
Nice quality. But I do wish it sat up one more notch for reading a book easier; must add a head pillow. When not in use, the bottom half can be folded up to rest against the upper half (without removing the cushions). Great for keeping off bird droppings.
Pros: + I love that these are battery operated, so you can use them anywhere. + Nice, soft romantic glow Cons: - I know, I know, I should have read the listing, but I really wish these CAME WITH batteries. - The packaging on the outside is fine, but then you open it and it is really cheap and tacky, do not give this as a gift. This isn't a pro or a con, but just note that the globes are larger than expected, like bigger than a cranberry.
We required a small enclosure that had to maintain a set humidity and temperature. A month into it and it is working perfectly.
you get what you pay for. a decent greenhouse; easy assembly when you lay out all of the pieces. I would recommend tying it down or using stakes to keep it in place as it will flip in the wind. and place some type of support under the wire shelving so it doesnt bow beneath the weight
I got these pruners just the other day, so some of my concerns may be that I am just not used to the rotating handle. It feels unwieldy to me right now, but I h ave only used once or twice and I may not have the hang of it yet. The pruner itself is sharp and effective. Like all Felco products, replacements parts are available. Very high quality pruners and garden hand tools. Go Felco or go home! Just a little unsure if I will like the rotating handle on this one.
This little thing is a beast! The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the battery life. I was so impressed with the performance for such a lightweight little battery operated weed whacker. I get 25-30 minutes of heavy duty whacking. Thick tall grass and weeds couldn't beat it.
As advertised. Added screened bottom boards due to my location in high temperature zone. Plastic hive frames had to be waxed.
I like it, but the one shelf, the screws did not fit. The shelf was different from the others. I did make it work.
Looks great, knife is sharp and everything fits well in the case. Only problem is that it looked like it'd been opened (the cardboard wrap was undone) and two of the cob holders were missing Still going to enjoy using it just the same
Is working very good
Quiet and powerful. Pump came scuffed up and did not look new.
It's sturdy and cuts my grass well. I run the weed walker at full speed, so I'm used to going through string, but this last longer than the brand name stuff you buy at the home improvement stores.
These covers work out perfectly for our patio furniture set. The price was reasonable as well as the durability for the weather conditions.
I have a short walk, but as a senior, I cannot afford to take the risk of shoveling in New England weather. I found this tool online and love it. It gets the job done providing the snow is not extremely wet. I have even used it in a foot of snow by using it in layers. It is tough and durable.
well made and looks great
I bought these to spruce up my desk and I have gotten a lot of compliments from my coworkers. They are heavier than I thought and the 3 AAA battery pack brings it down a lot plus hard to hide. Other than that I think its a great product just a little pricey compared to other products that do the same thing and that are less heavy.
This bench is great. Good value- exceeded my expectations.
Nice skewers. I never thought about, or appreciated, the fact that the flat skewers make it easy to rotate the skewered chunks for even browning. In the past, I'd always assumed that skewers would automatically be round! The set comes in a nice fabric case. It is kind of tight, though. I would think that an extra quarter inch of room would make it easier to fit everything back in. Lastly, I'm not sure how useful the little mini racks are. If I'm placing my skewers directly on a grill, the racks are unnecessary. If I use a perforated pan, the racks are unnecessary. And, if I use the racks, I have to make sure they don't get tangled up in the grate, plus the spacing is too tight for the skewers if they have decent sized chunks of meat or fish on them. So, great skewers, but a few minor modifications might make the set more perfect
Great fit -does the job.
Great to disinfect items possibly that have been exposed to bed bugs. But be careful and only use outside.
Nice quality shepherds hooks, however, the base was not heavy enough for my purposes. I needed to hang lanterns that were way to heavy for this to support.
These pips arrived healthy and already growing. Planted them in different areas and they are all growing very well.
it has some odor but not overly offensive. does work but not a long time residual. must respray every few days. it does kill the little critters where the natural "killers" just fed them. would buy this again.
Cleaning the cement driveway and sidewalks
Great product and shipped fast.
Worked as promised, needed to put it out there earlier in the season..
Okay used for my crafting project. Wish it was a little larger.
Product was worth the price. Did the job it was supposed to
This works really well. It's light enough. A bit awkward when using the mulch function, but still manageable. It is time consuming to use the mulch function, but if you rake the leaves in a pile and then use it, it's pretty good. It can be used for some light snow, but a broom works just as easily--anything above a coating and if it's wet, it's too much, but worth a go on a walkway or deck. Definitely recommend it.
The pruner worked fine. The saw was difficult to use.
Great price on these. We use them in the game room as home theater seating. They are comfortable, but the only regret is not getting the wider version.
One arrived broken but the company was quick to replace it. Waiting on spring/summer to use them. Feel sturdy. But concerned all plastic and since one arrived with plastic broken not sure about dropping these. We'll see.....
I do have rheumatoid arthritis and I heard it's good for that, but I honestly can't tell anything other than fish oil supplements working for my joints. This does, however, keep me regular in conjunction with vitamin C. I take a heaping tablespoon of this mixed with a glass of water every morning about 30 minutes before I eat, and the vitamin C, I take at night. If the powdery taste bothers you, I recommend using a straw. It goes down pretty easy that way. One thing that does bother me is the packaging. The powder clogs the part of the bag that zips close, and I can't seal it, so I have to use a clip to keep it shut. The product itself is great.
The chipper is easy to assemble, especially for those who have assembled similar devices. It worked as advertised and even did twisted branches if fed appropriately. Branch points greater than 1.5 inches won't feed, but sawing around them allowed chipper to draw extended branches into the machine. Am pleased with the cost and device capabilities!
I looked that I didn't have to water the plants as often. They really worked for me.
I will be using this with my teardrop camper. I'm excited since it is much easier to set up and take down than a canopy. It would be nice to have a wind shield door as well since I camp in cold weather as well as heat. I could also then use it as a changing tent.
For the money and how fast I needed them for a trip in the RV they worked. One of the lines has frayed which caused me to stab my finger.
I like the quality of the material
Was exactly as ordered but not sure if I'll do the blend again. Still experimenting with flavors.
Can finally enjoy summer evenings!l thanks to this table set. All the pieces were included and no damage. Important to not tighten the screws all the way to help make sure the holes line up as a few were not in perfect alignment. Despite that little challenge, set was very easy to put together and looks great on my apartment patio.
Only used this one entire day in the lake. It was easy to inflate and I didn't see any holes or tears like other reviews stated. Only problem is it's kind of awkward to sit on..just fun to jump on/off not really for lounging for a long period of time. It is really cute though and it's fun to have around
I like the pole. I was having to change my OU and Thunder flags so now each flag has a pole. Very nice pole.
Hose likely similar to many others available, priced mid-range. Double layer water tube means it should last a while. Only used a short time (two weeks, no concerns), but one year free exchange offer was its extra attraction over other hoses.
Good size, roomy, and sturdy for local farm market purchases. Helps to easily carry my produce into my home without many plastic bags like before I bought it. I line the basket with a dish towel to keep it clean and not have to wipe it clean after each use.... just flip out any debris or throw the towel in the wash and reline with another towel. Only negative is the stain/lacquer used to coat the basket still has a stronger odor to it after 2 mos of use. I left it out in the garage to air initially when it arrived thinking the scent just needed to dissipate. It still has the smell. I now store it in the trunk of my car to use at least twice a week and still smell the paint smell which semi-permeates the trunk as I open it.
Cute and sturdy, just thought it would have been a little bigger.
Very nice but too expensive for what you get.
I am 5'3" and 130 lb and can curl up in it! Pretty comfortable, really attractive.
Loved the value for the money. The only knock against it is the lack of variable speed. Test will be against snow this winter. Definitely a good buy for money.
seems to be durable and it work nicely for a large toy box
Good only for small chicks.
I thought the art was great and hilarious, though it was a gamble on whether or not my wife would have this same sense of humor. Maybe she wanted something more tangible, and was afraid of putting something like this up because guests. Part of it might also be that we live in the internet age where it's easy to just find jpegs of all these images and laugh at them without the form of a calendar. But I dunno.
Fit very well and appears to be well made. Have only had it for a week so not sure how it will wear but based on what I've seen it was a good value compared to other options. Brush and tongs were included, both of which are nice and useful. Gave 4 stars only because I don't know how it will hold up
Good gift, would have preferred a little better quality or a little less cost
No assembly was nice. Made in America 👍🏻 Arrived in open box, one bent stake which I managed to straighten, no packing slip (probably due to completely open box) Perfect addition to the garden. Would purchase again.
it's cute and functional
So far so good I liked it
Works very well for rounding up Japanese beetles. However, keep in mind that you may be bringing in more beetles than just the ones in your garden. I had several neighbors tell me that they noticed a lot less Japanese beetles in their yards after I put out my traps. I don't know what the range is on these but I am guessing its pretty wide. Bigger bags would be nice, of course. And if you get any of the bait on your hands or clothes - wash your hands or change clothes immediately. Or you will be inundated with the nasty buggers.
Really nice umbrella. However it is not very sturdy-falls over and turns.
Great! Sturdy. I didnt know it was plastic and it doesnt have any holes in the bottom. I drilled a few holes and planted my plant in it. But otherwise its perfect
good quality fast shipping just what I wanted and will closely match pool deck tan coating covers seem to fit good to me
I like the looks of the feeder and overall it seems well made except for the inside clear cylinder that hold the feed. I t is fine for now but it seems a bit thin to last very long. You might could find a plastic bottle to replace it with later on. Overall, a nice feeder.
Small pots are too unstable or will fit through the bars. You could place a flat board or something similar to set them on, but then that defeats the purpose. However, overall, this has been a great stand that survived the rains with minimal rusting which I touched up easily. I would try the 3-tier one if you have lots of plants.
Work well, quality good.
The cardinals especially seem to like this.
Many of these are the same, but they're healthy plants, they look nice.
Not bad for the price. Some pieces came broken and others were lost in transit. Customer service was good and able to resolve in time. Happy once I got it up.
This canopy is a snap to set up. No more asking for two or more people to assist with setting up and taking down a pop-up canopy. Leg steel material is on the thin side. A gust of wind picked up my canopy and flipped it over about 20ft away. On landing, one of the legs gave way and bent. I contacted the seller to see if they sell just the leg assembly. Was told that they do not, but because I only recently purchased the canopy, they will be sending me a complete replacement. No need to send the damaged one back. This is excellent customer service and I received the new canopy within 4 days, in time to use the following weekend. The storage bag does lack a compartment for the stakes and rope though. Had to take 1 star away for storage back and thin steel material, but otherwise a awesome canopy and great customer service.
This item broke within a few months of purchase. It should be a one or two stars based on quality. However, I emailed the company since it's still under warranty and I am amazed how fast their response that was. I got a replacement confirmation within 2 days of reporting this defective item. Hopefully the replacement will turn out great.
Good product. Great as a backyard accessory.
Cute set! I was able to put this together on my own during my kiddos 2 hour nap time. I like that the cushions are thicker and firm. Hoping this will last a while in the Florida weather. Will be looking into a cover for it, but overall sturdy and just right for our patio.
Works like a charm. We have an infestation of Yellowjackets. This trap catches dozens every day
Great quality, not quite worth the price.
I love this house. Very easy storage.
Although this was suggested by Amazon as a cover for the fire pit I bought, it is rather tight, and should be bigger. You really have to work to get it on. I don't blame the manufacturer, but rather blame Amazon, as this probably fits other fire pits well. It looks well made.
Fits grill well. A bit concerned that it may not be very durable over the long run.
Some of these are easy to thread on and some do not thread at all. The bees love the flowers. I like the small flowers better, but we can't get them anymore. By the by, the hummers can drink early in the morning and in the late afternoon when the bees aren't around. Three ounce bottles are some of their favorites.
Look great and work perfectly. Only issue is, I ordered 2 sets of 10 lights (pink). The lights that came together in the same box were the same color, the 2nd set was a slightly different pink. Overall, not too noticeable, but they were slightly different pinks.
They appear to be very lightweight,almost flimsy. We have not had an opportunity to try them out yet. We will be using them as five gloves do we shall see
Our problem with fleas has been drastically reduced
So VERY HAPPY I purchased this flag!!! The quality, colors and design are OUTSTANDING! I gave to my Best Friend who likes to watch the Kentucky derby and other horse racing. She LOVED it and has it flying in the front of her home. It is so well made and sturdy material. I know she will have it for many years.
Came as expected. Packaged great. Nice and tight. That's typical for ipower though. I have purchased many things Over the years from these guys and have never been disappointed. So far this is working great for my seedlings. 3 of these side by side approx 2 to 3 feet apart and I've got hundreds of seedlings thriving. Low power usage and low heat u can't beat it for the price.
I bough it for my baby ! Couse I really need a product like it ! And it works great! I set time and temperature! Real good ! My family very like too !
This wand and washer ends were the perfect replacement on our Honda power washer.
It is fantastic! I bought similar lights from other websites, and they have poor quality. Although this one is more expensive than others, I think it is worthy. It is really a good decoration for dorm! I will probably buy one more to give my mother as a gift!
Everything feels and works great. Confident it will last
Just received the umbrella in a lightly damaged box but luckily the bag of parts didn't fall out. Everything was in perfect condition and went together like a breeze. I am very happy with my purchase. I think I will anchor it to my deck with the awesome stand provided with holes to enable that to happen. I love the shade and quality of the umbrella.
It does what it's supposed to. Keeps the pesky bugs away.
Does exactly as advertised
Keeps battery and oil filter warm. Easier starting when cold. Below 32f
So after an issue with sneaky mice, ones that evaded the snap traps we had to resort to using sticky trap and have found success with them. Snap traps should be your first approach as they are fast and clean kill but when used correctly sticky traps can be valuable, especially in the case of young mice that won't set off snap traps due to how light they are. Be certain to set the sticky trap in a spot where other animals won't potentially come in contact with them. Trapping birds, snakes or lizards (or your household pet) on these boards would be horrific! Be sure to check them daily if not several times a day. Once you have caught a mouse chances are it's still alive and the kindest thing to do is to quickly dispatch it. I've used a snap traps for this, placing a liner over the mouse to allow the snap trap to make clean contact instead of getting stuck in the goo and prolonging the process. Baiting the trap isn't necessary, just place it along walls the mice or rats use. You may discover you have more than one mouse in an area if you place a rat size trap out for mice. Please, please, if you can't resolve the situation with snap traps alone than use these but NEVER resort to rodent poison if at all possible! The horrible damage it does to wildlife is astronomical as it doesn't stop with the rodent but is passed on to every predator and scavenger in the ecosystem.
I have had a couple pizza stones and by far I have enjoyed using this one the best. Helps get a nice crust. Nice even cook and easy clean up. Fit great on my Weber.
Bought for friends Birthday she loved it and it looks great on her wall
Great quality and fantastic price.
well built. withstands the outdoor elements.
Husband likes these for outside
Nice combo of sizes.
I always support small business. Good product. Keep it up.
Everyone who visits us and see this asks where we'd get it. the light turns on automatically, emitting a soft warm glow ans it's 100% Safe. No need for wires and batteries. After getting this, all you have to do is to enjoy the pretty lights.
Really good fountain. Long waterproof wire so can place the solar panel in the most sunny spot which is good as my pond is in a fully shaded spot to control/prevent algea growth. Multiple choice of fountain sprays and long plastic tubes so worked really well
It works better than I expected, I really like that I can sit outside at night.
Very easy to install and remove. It is also very convenient to carry. Use it to clean the garbage in the swimming pool and it will not leak out. It is really practical. Its price is also very affordable.
I bought this outdoor Christmas Projector Lights so I can be ready for Christmas. It can be used outdoor or indoor. It has nice snow fall down effect + other Christmas theme images which will make the outside of house looking perfect.
Really a step above the standard po brush. Love the ability to get in corners and clean multiple angles without repositioning on the pole.
It is made well. Comes in two items. Excellent quality!
Bought these two shears for my kids to use for cutting the bushes beside the swimming pool. Both of them work great and they are easy to hold for smaller hands. Great for kids to help on backyard work. Happy with this purchase.
Used this for a party decoration and worked great
We've had this heater in out small fish pond for over 2 months. We have had several below freezing nights and days. The heater has kept a small area free from ice.
I can't wait to put together a Fairy garden with my purchase. I'm busy with the holidays now and am unable to do so, but soon . . .
This is s great alternative to pills it takes a bit to work at its best but it works i can actually 💤
Used it in birdbath to keep water from being stagnant- put it in my dog's swimming pool - it's fun to watch and turns off when water dries out. I recommend this!
Beautiful to see at night
Love these lights! I plan to hang them on our back patio but they could really be hung anywhere. I'm happy with my purchase.
Beautiful piece and made to last a long time.
Light weight and good maneuverability. For some reason, it is wet inside the package when I received it. Maybe the seller did leak test before they send it? Don't drag it on the ground. Even the heavy duty ones will break that way.
Good size! good price! looked great this Christmas!
Oil filter was what I expected. Fast shipping. Will utilize source again
Received it fast and on time for my camping event easy to install and/or set up with rain and all never lost power and they were nice and bright 100 ft 100 bulb to be exact ..... awesome can't complain I recommend to all great purchase !!!!
Have tried a bunch of other live traps. This is my favorite. It is very hardy, the mice can't chew their way out of it, which some have done with the cheaper traps. Plenty of ventilation so the mice don't fog up the inside of the trap and overheat or run out of air.
Now we are living a bark free life! Within two days it had cut out 99% of non-essential barking! At last you can feel peace and quietness in our house! We love our beagles but they were driving us crazy! It really detects barking from far away, now we don't even hear our neighbor dogs. Great quality and cute btw...This has been a life saver! We are able to get proper sleep now!
It arrives with a small blow but it's fine.
I got these and the hinges from this company and all I can say is WOW! Best chance I took on a product EVER! If your on the fence about this product or their claims, get off your a$$ and buy these things. Quick install, SOLID product and great price, what more do you want? Even if you have a new cooler, just get these and install them and save yourself some frustration......YES THEY ARE THAT GREAT!
If you are planting plugs this is a necessity. If you have a good lawn with a few bad spots, I still think this can be very handy.
This mat was exactly as described, great quality mat and graphics. Highly recommended.
Love this hammock, I ordered a different hammock and it was a disaster. My only problem is I did want to order another hammock , but without the stand and I never got an answer on that question. The hammock is sturdy and comfortable and nicely priced. Wish I could order another one without the stand.
This works really well if you have a lot of debris in your pool . Easy to empty as well. Love it.
Love this very large umbrella. It is so well made. I like the fact that it tilts. Great find, well constructed and adds elegance to my patio set.
So far is working great now that we have camper back from all the repairs.
This product has very good quality and the price is really reasonable for this. It really help me when I try to wash my car and the backyard.
My kids and grandkids love this item. It is a good transport for sports, picnics, camping, and more for this active family. Th quality of this product is very high; it folds and stores very nicely.
Works well. No need for lighter fluid anymore.
These chairs are really nice! They came on time and were packaged well. They look perfect around my farm table! They were easy to assemble and took about 10 minutes to put the backs on. They are metal so they aren't the most comfortable in the world, but no one has has any complaints. Very sturdy as well!
Outstanding product. Bought 2 at first, just in case it didn't look decent. Bought 2 more, as it looks great. Easy to install ( I did it by myself). Dogs love it, they chase each other, play and potty on it. I love it as they can't dig anymore (huge plus)
We needed something to use in the rainforest. No bug bites, skin irritations and no nasty smell plus you get a little style with your clothing!
So far I love them..look great in the empty wine bottles on the bar ..
These tongs are amazing! They have a great feel to them and are extremely sturdy! The silicon tips are easy to clean and hold up to high heat with no melting whatsoever. These tongs have a nice weight to them so they are not going to bend when picking up heavier things, such as a heavy pieces of meat. I like that they close and open by pulling/pushing the tab on the end of them. These are well made sturdy tongs and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a nice sturdy well built set of tongs!
I was skeptical at first, but after using it a few times I am very impressed. Well worth the money.
Outstanding product. Bought this item to keep raccoons away from my avocado and Barbados Cherries tree. Was not sure if it work so purchased only one at first. After a couple days it was obvious that this product really work so purchased a second unit since I have a lot of fruit trees. Now I can enjoy my fruits without worrying about raccoons and squirrels. This is the first time I have no damage to my trees. If I had a regret is that I did not purchase this before. Plan to buy another one for another section of my yard.
It's such a cute flag, I searched on several sites to find something simple, yet versatile for the entire fall season. Very impressed with the shipping speed, quality, and overall service I received in ordering this product. Will be coming back for other flag orders!
Good product. Lights are nice. Seems to be helping.
The lights are beautiful and the company is very responsive in helping customers.
These torches lights are very unique and look amazing in my front yard. Love the fact that they are solar powered, so it will be more cost-efficient than wired path lights in the long run. I will definitely get more torches lights for my back yard as well.
fast delivery! exactly as described!
It does what it says it is suppose to do. The app is easy to use.
Gotta love Coolaroo, they work wonderfully and look great..Highly recommend
My plants love it, my soil gets it, and I want more!
The details on this wind chime are lovely. I was looking for a wind chime with character that I could add to the collection that I hang on my deck. I'm very happy with this one.
Good quality grill cover.
Classy looking and does the job! I do wish it didn't hold water after the rain, but I think they all do. This one looks great and makes a nice front door statement!
seems to have done the trick good item
I use this in the Garage, Witch leads this to the kitchen, if I forget to closed the kitchen door.... you know. I place this unit close to the front of the garage, when zapping bugs makes a loud zapping sound and if you are not used to it, make you jump every time it zaps a bug.
great product and colors
Was just the right size for our grill, hope to very many more years of use ot of the grill
When I don't use it's small and it's easy to store. When I use it, works well, too. I hope I can use it for a long time.
Everything in the kit fit perfectly. Shipping was fast too!
It does all the hard work for me
Great flag. I bought several more for different holidays because the quality was so good.
The small flag hangs proudly in front of my house and is exactly what I wanted. Is colorful on both front and back. I would definitely order again as the quality is top notch.
Perfect transaction. The door is very well made and a perfect match for a gnome I already have. Very happy with this purchase.
This feeder works just the way they claim it will. I almost feel sorry for the squirrels. The large grackles leave quickly, too. Even with the ring perch I haven't seen any Cardinals or Blue Jay's yet. Still hoping.
Good quality product. I have bought a thousand dollars worth of the porous black drip hoses over the years that stink like the carcinogen they are, and fall apart after a couple months. This product will last for years and I can add to it, change it around, put it on a timer, and keep my beautiful landscaping in good health in the summer heat. I wish I knew about this years ago. Watch youtube videos on how to install. So simple. I'm a believer. If you want to use this but don't want the drip hose right next to the hose bib, buy the black tubing same diameter as this, that doesn't have holes in it, then do a connection where you want this brown piping to start.
DOES WHAT IT SUPPOSE TO DO.
I'm very happy with this product. It's survived the entire summer season and still works like a champ. Varied spray nozzle pattern makes it easy to direct exactly where water is going. Timer is simple to use and effective. I would definitely buy again.
My husband prefers this sprinkler to another one he bought and he is hard to please.
For 2 weeks of no success with other traps these things are the best. They ate the peanut butter off the wood snap traps which annoyed me to no end. Tricky to place in the bottom of the oven as the traps kept going off, after several attempts my boyfriend successfully closed the oven drawer. We left the eaton trap and glue for the mouse overnight. By the morning we trapped the mouse. Awaiting the other mouses to catch in there. Also sealed the holes around all the plumbing and radiators. I live in the city and unfortunately when there is always construction these things come around, especially during winter.
These bracelets work fantastic. I can't see mosquitos around me while i wear them. So great experience for me as a terrible mosquito magnet. Thanks. I would buy again.
This ph meter works as it's meant to I tested known water and it's readings are accurate as I tested this with another testing tool.
I just received this, and I absolutely can't be happy enough with it's quality! The stitchings are literally perfect. I was skeptical at first because it was so cheap. But I'm beyond surprised. Love it. I'm going to hang it outside the house tomorrow.
OUTSTANDING PRODUCT!!
Great service and product
I liked the look of this and it works well when I just need to mow a little bit quickly.
Heats up adequately. So far so good
I like this lightweight watering can. Long spout is invaluable for getting into potted plants. Good value.
Still new..don't know if will clog or not. Appears well made.. brass or something.
It came as expected.
I like these bubble solar lights. They are easy to set up. It adds color to my flower garden at night but doesn't take away from the flowers during the day. Gives off just enough light. The lights last a long time at night. I like how the lights change colors as well.
Easy to install. Grows quickly
Easy to install. This fit perfectly at the top of my flag pole and provides light no matter how the flag is blowing or not.
Fits perfectly colors are bright and the twist turn top is what I like
They glow so nice and bright. They are perfect for my pool. The way they fade in and out is beautiful.
Greatest solution for the pest and roaches i used to have so many roaches now i dont see them
Had a small dent on the medal top. The seller was easy to work with and saved me a lot of stress. If anyone is thinking of buying this product, don't loose sleep over it, just buy it! Best quality ever! Love our outdoor egg swing. It's a show stopper. Kiddos love it and we as parents love it too.
This is third time I've ordered these lights and they are great for crafts.
Great screen tent, however I tried to set it up by myself and I accidentally set it up inside out. Watch the YouTube video before setting it up.
I love it! It is made out of a very hefty material and it is heavy, which I like, because that means it won't blow away when windy. I also love that it has elastic corners. That will help keep it in place when windy as well. I haven't seen how it does in the rain yet, but from the looks of it, it seems like it's going to be great.
Working great so far. Only have been using for three weeks. It's a little noisy but I shut the door to the room and barely hear it.
I love these expandable hoses.. It is easy to screw on to the faucet and remove too. It's made very well compared to others that I had.. I really like that it's blue and blends into the exterior wall..This is the best made one that I have bought...
AMAZING. This has worked decently well, All insect and pests are gone in about one weeks. Highly recommend!
They're super bright but the sticky on the back isnt very strong
Works well and easy to apply.
Purchase as a gift for a holiday gift exchange. It was a huge hit. Everyone loved it.
Appears to be very well built - and as some have noted, several components are pretty assembled. Lever is a little far of a stretch from the seat of ones yard tractor, but it's doable.
Amazing Amazon once again ! Great shipping speed, great price and quality !
Love these timers. My garden loves them too.
I`VE TRIED IT ON 2 OF MY CARS AND WAS REALLY HAPPY THE WAY MY CARS CAME OUT
The rats became quiet. I think this bait worked well.
Easy to use. Ordered the set because I needed one for a replacement for an existing lawn ornament. Now to find something to do with the other two...
I loved them. They are all growing.
Using it in the yard turning it on just before dark and in the woods and it works.
Good product good price
The hummingbirds love this! Even more than my previous feeder. Must be something about it
I basically bought this for the heat tent as that is what I needed to replace. Had seen another, but given the pricing, figured having the burner unit in reserve would be helpful when I finally needed to replace the one in my 15 yr + bbq (at a lower cost even). That said, the adjustable heat tent was easily adjusted to the length needed and I suspect the stainless steel may last longer than my last replacement heat tent..
My Weber was in good shape except for the grates. I had looked at several hardware and big box stores and then thought why am I doing this. Had it 2 days from Amazon... same as the original
I am looking forward to spring for planting these seeds. They are very nice seeds.
These are great! They don't slide and they aren't big making it perfect for inside.
I have bought cheap nylon flags before and I thought that this one was the same printed nylon. I was surprised to see the level attention to detail paid in the making of this flag at this price point. It's got stars that were stitched in instead of printed. So far, it's been real good.
Durable and fits furniture well.
Arrived a day early and works awesome. Cleared my lawn of leaves in half the time of my old handheld blower!
Love it! Good looking and doesn't tip. I'm Also very happy with quick response and help with a follow up request. Great customer service.
I love the lights. I was planning on installing a high end hard wired, but decided to try these instead. Glad I did, they look great and give a polished and professional look to our garden. I bought 2 sets and had an issue with one of the lights. The company sent me a whole new replacement set, no fuss, no issues. Buy in confidence, high quality, reasonably priced product and these guys stand behind their products. Outstanding customer service!!!!!!!!!!!
My husband loves to decorate our exterior and this light is the perfect touch to the decor. We use inflatables and at night, they can be a little hard to see. We have enjoyed the benefits of this light, plus the added colors to make the yard even more fun. It covers quite a bit of area, not just a spotlight. He had a little issue connecting the phone app, but after a bit, we got it working and are enjoying playing around with the different options. I've been requested to purchase more for the rest of the yard so its a win product.
Arrived without a scratch though the box was beat up. Will see how it lasts but this is indoors so I don't expect much deterioration with time. Picture instructions were easy to follow. Two 11/16 socket drivers make it easier (the included wrenches are pretty thin metal and one was squished and useless anyway). Only hint I would give is to not tighten anything until you've put those 4 bottom nuts on: to do so the easy way is to make sure the bolt spins freely (wiggle the wood parts around) and hold the nut from underneath i.e., don't turn the nut, turn the bolt until the nut is on. It's a bit of a pain to try to get the nut to turn when reaching underneath. All the holes lined up perfectly and I was swinging in my hammock in less than a half hour.
Works great on our Weber E-310 ( 2012 and older). Same form, fit and function!
It worked well for me removing water from horse troughs. In a few minutes ( approximately 8-10 ) the troughs was empty ready to be cleaned and fresh water put back in. Saved a lot of labor. DON'T use a high pressure water source it will spilt the plastic and create a leak. Normal water hose pressure does the trick, live and learn I guess. Used glue and fixed the first one and reordered another one. If it came in metal, that would be great, but didn't see one. Enjoy, bottom line, It worked for me.
This is consistently a go to toy, outside or in! My son loves this thing. Purchased 2 years ago and have had to change batteries only once (thank you for that!).
Every bulb germinated. Love them!
works well to prep meat for smoking
Bought this flag as a gift and the recipient totally loved it! I opened it up before wrapping it and was very pleased with the quality of the flat and the printing of the graphic
Lighting is perfect. I used these in Mason jars. Great for decor!
Great gift for my son-in-law. He loves it!
So far so good. Needed greenery in zone 9. Just be cautious as it is somewhat poisonous. But my space was safe from animals. I touched it and did not have reaction. I read about care and precaution
I was able to cover all of my garden with this and the fabric was just the right thickness as I needed. You can also cut this down the size if you want to or you can fold it in half which ever works best for you I actually cut mine so that it would fit better and it also gave me enough that if they should wear down I have spare cover to replace it with.
Worked as I expected.
Works as it should. I buy OEM to take care of my equipment and this is the one.
Works as expected and holds ice much better than I thought it would.
I like that there are so many options for various occasions throughout the year.
I like the fact that it was two tier .
Nice kit it is gift, for a gardener.
This was a birthday present to myself and WOW did it make a difference with my seedlings. I wish I could buy more
Great for picking up wood to put in the fire. Added a spring to the bottom so to would open easier.
It made it so much easier to rotate my inside plants!
Nice easy ratcheting hangers for your lights.
Heavy Duty and bigger than the stakes you get at the corporate stores. Much better quality.
Love these lights. I strung them around my outside patio and they look great
This product is an essential tool for anyone who produces firewood. It has saved my back and has many uses.
You'll be surprised at how much moisture this removes from the air.
I am using them to stick out of my car trunk!
This is great and safe for pets & kids. I am allergic to bug sprays and this is safe and work 24-7 to keep ants, roaches, spiders, mice and other pest away.
Product was good, didn't get to use it, they were too big for my application. Excellent service!
Awesome light and works well for my needs.
The set looks great and works great!
Works great in our hot tub
You can stir a pot, paddle a boat, discipline a wayward youth or defend yourself against territorial beavers on the bayou with this instrument of destruction. The uses are limitless.
Great for your steaks! But not chicken.
Exactly what i wanted they worked great first night. shipped with a charge on the batteries arrived quickly
Works and has replaced my guard dog that passed away.
Used it to wash our cars, the walls and the steps. We like it.
Works great! Outside on pool shed!
I've only had this chair a few days. The chair is easy to set up and take down. It folds to a compact size so I can stick it in a corner of my room without taking up much space. It is very comfortable.
I hate those things but if you live in an apartment in NYC, you're going to have to deal with them every once in a while in the summer. Hopefully not too often. It got past me a few times but when I cornered it, I got it. Those suckers are really tough and really fast so I can say that this product does what it says it does. (It went down the toilet. Maybe I'm just a cruel, heartless person but I'm not concerned with being humane to those monsters).
I like this hose because it is quality and easily rolls on the hose reel because it is no kink.
Good quality and strong. Love the length of these, they make hanging hammocks much easier.
Very good product. Definitely recommend
Sturdy and festive. Goes great with my red and white Adirondack chairs!
Great US quality at a good price. Very easy to install and don't leak.
So far so good. Like the illuminate at night feature. Also light weight and not kink make it very convenient.
Great value. Build quality seems outstanding. Easy to use/understand. Love that it's "self-feeding"
This cart is sturdy and lightweight. Perfect for everyday use.
Easy to assemble. Fast delivery. Durable through all weather conditions
Nice basket for our pool toys. Not real sturdy but very useful.
works great. perfect for my camping trips. Exactly what I was hoping for/ordered.
As advertised / prompt delivery / great price
Hard to kill insects just roll over and die! This is strong stuff.
These works great. I use them to hold my pop up shelter at festivals. No problems, fill with pebbles though not sand. They are heavy but hey that's what you buy them for. To hold stuff down from the wind. These work great
I wish I had bought this right away when I got my Green egg!
Extremely fast shipping, product works great!
We used this to wash our cars yesterday. It worked wonderful. With multiple settings, you can choose between just water, with soap, different spray settings, also different amount of soap it jets. Quick tip tho, try to use the smallness amount of soap setting, otherwise you would be out of soap very fast due to the size of the container. I do wish they offset a bigger size bottle to hold the soap.
Great stuff and good price and will last a long time.
Awesome Price! Received quickly! Easy to use! I'm more than happy with this Pin Pointer Metal Detector!!!!
No, I am not going to spend a fortune replacing my old barbeque... I love my barbecue, and replacing it was not an option... After a long search on the web, i came across these replacement parts. And let me tell you, they fit perfectly, and work as if I just bought a new barbeque! I even went to the dealers website to find out how much replacement parts were, and they were ridiculous!!! This entire install took about 5 minutes, and now i can get another 5 years or so out of it. what a blessing...
These are awesome! Use them on the side of my house to light my walkway! Super bright and easy to stake in the yard!
Item as described; good value; AAA+ seller; quick shipping.
Very well built commercial grade hose, My water supply provides 145 PSI pressure at the 100 foot end of the hose and with a fireman nozzle will drive a stream of water about 75 feet! I use it for fire control on my property.
Orchard growing and it's great
Cute little fountain. My bird bath is entirely in the shade and it squirts up 8". If you put it in your bird bath, it will empty it in 30 minutes. Great entertainment.
No complaints so far has worked as promised.
So pretty and bright. Placed them around a small potted tree on our patio. Surprised at how much light they put out. May order another set. Just make sure you power them up fully in the sun before using.
Works great for hot peppers. Been using this for years with great results.
Great purchase love the hose. I would buy another one if i needed one for the back yard. Order came in a timely manner.
I bought these bags as a newer and smarter alternative containers vs the vinyl and clay pots I've previously used. I don't have to worry about the plants getting waterlogged roots with too much rain as they have the ability to grow better. I know that they are lightweight to move and hope they will me for years.
I just move in my apartment! So want to decorate my living room ! So bought this product ! It's led lights ! Control by remote and different color! And good deal! Can't wait to share with everyone
Fits perfect. It would have been. Nice to get a tensioner for each corner.
Love it. Looks great
These little pots are so cute, I just love them. Perfect size for a single succulent. The little teak saucers are the perfect finishing touch.
Big enough for my 10x10 with room left over for other items.
Perfect for our needs. Sits right on the window and we watch the birds.
Had an ant problem on back co create porch and strategically laid down some of this magic gel and they were gone in 36 hours. It's been about 45 days and sti ant free, love this product!
I worked like the original part
This lights makes my driveway colorful so my neighbors noticed it. Very nice product for your money.
Heavy duty. Works very well. Will be buying more to cover more area. Thanks!
I love these pots. My violets love them as well. Continuously blooming. I can see the water level so I know when I refill it. Taking the bottom off to wash is easy cause there will be green moss growing. I order 20 of them and two of them leaks at the bottom cause the plastic is not very strong. so I use the calk to seal it. No problem!
These are short. I love them.
It works really well. I've had it for several months now. No problems! I love the ability to add stuff to it. Next, the sear box?
We went to a presentation on the care of orchids and learned that this is the perfect material for the roots of the plants. It holds an incredible amont of water and is the right host for the orchid. We would never use anything else.
This cover is amazing, fit really good.
These are a great deal, they were packed well and not all broken up. Way cheaper than our hot tub/spa place.
Air filter was a litte big for opening but better than small but with a little force got it to fit.
Great and powerful power washer. The only regret I have is that I should have purchased the extension hose with my initial purchase. It is needed to wash my vehicle without fighting the hose.
Heater is going on hot quickly. Three speed choices, many functions, with remote control, convenience to use, just right on wall.
Excellent product, improved the performance of my Polaris 280.
I had to replace one tire which was dry rotted. With the lower price for four, decided to have spares on hand. After I got one on, decided to replace all. Looks great.
Just installed. I very much appreciate that they included the hardware and the grease fitting on top. It seems very well made and I hope it lasts a long time.
Hey, what can I say? It's bar and chain oil! It works like it should and it's a great price. I ordered this with several other items and my oil was left out of my order, but true to form Amazon made it right and shipped out a replacement super quick! Every business makes mistakes but it's the customer service that can make or break a company and I've never been disappointed with the service I've received here.
We bought this for our guinea pigs and they love it. It came in one piece and was easier to put together. Looks great in our living room.
This isn't the most powerful or expensive pressure washer. However for the cost it worked well on cleaning the concrete drive way, the garage floor, the siding on the porch and other minor jobs. Easy to assemble. Takes 3 to 5 minutes to snap on wheels and assemble. And easy to use. Just plug it in, turn on the water and let it go. This little compact pressure washer does exactly what I want.
Easy 5 star, exactly what I was looking for, went for the softer white because another review said they were really bright and I was going for a softer aesthetic.
I really like this grow light so far. It appears to be well made and is easy to operate It is too soon to see what it will do for my orchids
Used to hold a large vented hood to 600w led to a 1500w led. Does its job.
I started off with these 3 and have slowly added all but 3 of what Fox Farm offers. They have a great product. All I would add is BE SURE TO PH your water like it says on the feeding chart. If you dont you could take a chance on burning or not getting a positive benefit of the product. Happy Growing !!
I bought this for a helper to use and he liked it so well I was gonna give him a bonus for a job well done but he asked for this tool instead...
So far this works great. Since it has a 7 year warranty I'm hoping it'll last through multiple grow seasons for my drip system in my veggie garden.
Great replacements to keep my grill in shape
I have a non-Ryobi pressure washer that uses this wand and it works great.
This is amazing. My daughter loves it.
Great pool but popped just like the other one last year. All it takes is for a bird to land on it and it's gone. I have replaced three already and finally had enough since to get one with a frame. Hopefully you're luckier than me. Other than tat it's a great pool
This shovel is so amazing especially for deep roots. It digs deep to uproot plants.
The kit arrived early so we were able to close the pool that weekend rather than waiting another full week.
This product is everything I thought it would be and more. 100% tickled pink with this purchase!
I liked the look of the product, as i matches my furniture at home. The nice blue light indicator reminds me that it's in the process of killing those nasty bugs, which is a plus. Overall, the product is great so far. Recommend.
Received my order love my lights
I LOVE Them! They worked out perfectly for our party! They help set the mood, and what I wanted ! Thank you so much !
Its well crafted looks amazing and our pet bat is super happy with our purchase ! i highly recomend
Mother-in-law loves hers!
Came in alive and had right amount, couldn't have asked for better.
It does exactly what I'd expect it to do. You wanna swat flys? This here will sway flies like the best fly swatter sold!
Still building the vanity but it works great as a sink . I did have to pour about 1/8" thick clear urethane in bottom to bring flush with drain as to not hold water . Wish I had placed some colored stones or fake fish in the bottom now ,lol .
Easy to put up and work great.
We bought 14 of these lights and they work great so far. Lights are easy to assemble. With a full day charge from the sun, they last all night and look realistic. They do not turn on until it is fully dark, which means no flames during the sunset hour. I would definitely recommend this product. One thing I wish they had was longer extensions to make them taller. I am just going to build some out of pipe to achieve the look I want.
This was so cute. It fit a small succulent I purchased from Walmart, it's been on my window for 6 months and doing great
So far, the woodpeckers are leaving my cedar shingles alone. I don't think the squirrels are too crazy about them either.
These are a plastic covered fabric rain/garden boot. With a wider calf opening sure to fit most calf sizes. They are a bit darken yellow then shown on site. I'm between sizes and order 1/2 size up. Great fit. The soles are nice and rugged. They also have a notch on backside to make taking off a breeze. Love them!
This solar charger is really great, it has a very large capacity, it can charge my phone or tablet several times when fully charged, and it is of good quality, so it is very convenient to travel with it
Works well, great quality, have been using for six weeks.
The gloves do exactly as they say. They're also soft on the inside for added comfort. I've used it to take pans out of the oven and clean them too.
sits in direct sun all day. colors have maintained thru the summer
I killed my first one...second one is looking good. Both arrived well packed and in good condition, second one even had new fronds forming. I do recommend getting a dedicated mist type humidifier if you live somewhere even remotely arid.
These filters are inexpensive enough to just replace the filter each season.
Got one for mom, and one for me after. A lot of fun, simple to use. Good customer service if you have any issues
It works well, but my dogs track it in the house. At least They don't get sick from it
Great for beginners, like me.
I am so in love with this umbrella... I actually got two!
Easy to use and install!!! It works well!!!
We needed something that was easy to follow because this is our first pool. The strips are easy to understand and work perfectly.
Great fit and easy to use. Good water resistance. Does not blow off even in high winds.
Great saw just on the heavy side
Succulents respond well!!
Great product that was easy to install in minutes. The flag is not the quality that, as a veteran, I was expecting.
Only issue was one plant damaged at shipping. Contacted seller the credit account right away. Fast and easy plants are all growing but the one.
Excellent quality at a great price. Fit perfectly!
Even though it isn't big, it is So Easy to Operate. Having Herniated Discs in my Neck & Bulging Discs in my Lower Back, I can operate this Machine without putting to much pressure on my Back.
Great item. Very happy with purchase.
I absolutely love this! It came packaged well and it was exactly what I wanted. I ordered the 30 inch and is perfect. Thank you!
Very good bird feeder , glad I red the Up on the 10 best hummingbird feeders and this is one of them
Good product...Promptly replies to messages.....fast service. Thank you.
Fatwood is awesome. Lights fast and burns hot.
Just added them to the bushes in front of my house and they look wonderful at night!
So far we really like it! We need to buy another since this one is short, but we are pleasantly surprised with how well this hose works. There's no complaint here on leaks. It does drip very slightly but our regular hose was much worse, a constant leak ( we have very hard water) so we think this is a great change!
quick easy waterproof connection. When something is designed right you can't help but smile when you use it. That's exactly my reaction while up on a 12/12 pitch roof hooking up my panels with these cables!
Needed a flag for grandson to carry in a hockey tournament to identify his state. Flag arrived on time and is light weight as we had wanted.
They work I live on farm always in fall the mice come in no mice this year my daughter lives next door no mice
When we first plugged it in once we received, we saw that the spiders were still around and that the device wasnt working. Now that the repellent has been plugged in for within 2 weeks i've seen no mice or spiders. I realised that on the product description that it states that the pest may increase at the beginning while the ultrasonic waves start to kick in. Since I plugged these in I've seen none! Absolutely none, I can't believe it. I am very happy with this product which has prevented bugs from invading my home. I have small children so the bonus is, it is chemical free, just plug in and it goes to work! I highly recommend.They really work! I would definitely buy more but just give it a few weeks to see the difference. Great repellent!!
Super Transaction! Items As Described!! Fast Shipper!!! BIG THANKS!!!!
Caught the mouse within hours, and I didnt have to touch it!
This hose looks heavy duty and durable. It is a metal hose but still light weight. It is easy to use, much better than those rubber hoses.
My boyfriend loves these. He uses them all the time.
Arrived on time. All alive. Will purchase again!
Hot pepper plants love this stuff. Yes, it stinks but what do you expect?
This is best thing I have bought in awhile. I have wanted to move some plants away from my windows and place them in a corner in the living room. It looks awesome, I love having the lights on at night, not only is it cool to look at its serving a purpose. I have had it on for a week and the plants don't seem to be effected by the loss of sunlight. The timer makes this worry free from reminding to turn on the light daily. The bendable arms help with moving the lights around the plants. Such an awesome buy!!!
So far, so good. I've only had it in my GH for a little over a month now. I seems pretty resilient and let's in good light. Only time will tell how great/long it last in the mile high city. I will make another review at the end of this growing season.
Product arrived as expected. Description was 100% accurate.
Anything will work but it did come with some labels well plastic
Exactly what I needed. Fit. And works perfectly.
The best expandable hose we have placed our hands on. Tough built.
20x20 covered our back patio perfectly. Husband used cables vs rope that came with kit. Color just like pic.
Live in TN. Bugs galore. ONLY thing I recommend, is that you safety pin it at the top of your hat so it doesn't slide off when you bend over. Due to ticks in our area, I spray it all over with DEET spray before putting it on when I'm clearing brush on the side lot. Lots of room, so if you're a big person, this will fit. Great Price/Value!
Looks good, but not for sitting.
We redecorate my daughters room and added the lights it looks great she can hang not only picture but drawings also. Perfect for her room.
The plant is a lot smaller than the listing photos. Arrived in healthy condition. None of the leaves have split yet.
Exactly what we were looking for.
It does the job I purchased it for and I am satisfied. It is a pretty good product at such price.
I have had the cultivator/tiller for just under a year and had a problem with the plastic housing that covers the battery. I contacted the Greenworks support and they responded excellently. They worked through the issues and we couldn't completely resolve them, they sent me a new replacement without charge. Through 4-5 emails and almost skyping, the support was solid. I have a couple of other Greenworks products, all seem to work well.
Great potting substrate. It's easy to use and my seeds and seedlings thrive in it. Be certain to use a good fertilizer with the coconut coil to give your plants the nutrients that they need add the coil alone will not provide this. Otherwise, its a perfect product.
Toddler boy loves this shovel!
Very good product,great coverage ,like this lawn sprinklers.
Beautiful plant very healthy
The cordless pole saw hehe trimmer is a bit heavy but works great
Easy to carry, either put in the car or inside the house without blocking the walk way. This is backup tool for emergency. Very sturdiness, you can still feel it strong to dig the snow even this design for foldable. Can be use for adult or children
The pumpkin lamp is lovely and exquisite. Looking forward to Halloween, use it to dress up. Don't forget to prepare three AA batteries to work!
The reason that I purchase this mosquito killer is that it is non chemical killer. It is very safe,convenient and clean. And the night glow is very soft. It is just like a night light. Works very well, We just put it on one day ago, there are a few bugs already. I love it. No worries this summer.
High quality brass. Awesome.
Works great on my Toro mower. Unfortunately our previous filter began to fail and was very dirty. This replacement took minutes to change out and has worked great so far. I am very pleased that we now have a spare for when the filter goes out again. Shipping was quick and painless.
Easy to assemble and use.
Just what the old Toro Personal Pace mower needed. It was easy to install, didn't take long, and now it starts on the first crank. Good price, good service. Thank you.
Don't worry about my picture I added some carnivorous soil to it to make it into a bigger pot the Moss is still underneath don't worry but did it get a life plant do not try the seeds pay the money for the life that you will not regret it.
Worked perfectly on craftsman 42" mower.
Have not cooked on it yet but I have other grills with as grates and it's the only way to go. Look very well made and a big step up from the original.
Works great,fits perfect
These little gems are awesome! Don't always have to remember to water. Would love these in a bigger size.
I love all H Potter products. This one is wonderful and very attractive.
I bought this for a friend, and they have LOVED it! They set it up in their backyard, and their 1 month old cannot get enough of the colors.
Keeps the bugs off my face while mowing around bushes and trees or just working in the garden. I highly recommend this product if you hate bug bites!
Proudly flying this flag on the front porch of my mid western ranch home. For real tho, its a nice flag. Holds up to the weather, double sided print. I'd buy it again but wont have to because this is pretty nice and looks like it will last.
Good product easy to install and fit correct
I don't know why I didn't buy this sooner. 150 tulips are in the ground in record time and I could have done a 100 more. High quality.
This works amazing! My husband loved it.
We haven't flown it yet but it should be fine!
My husband loves this! Works well
This is a great addition to my front lawn. I love how many different flags there are so you have one for every holiday including birthdays. The colors are very vibrant and easy to see from the road. I also love the fact that there is a flag for Veterans Day and Memorial Day.
This Betsy Ross is made very well. I fly it with pride. It's the first United States Flag!! Proud to be an American!!!
We have had this hot tub for almost 18 months and it did great through the winter months during Michigan winters. It has been easy to maintain and does not cost that much extra to run, including through the winter months...and we had several below zero winter days in 2018.
The product is very well made. Thank you for putting the time and quality into both this and the Christian flag I ordered, it is an honor to fly both, especially since they were made by caring, quality and honorable people. I will do business with you folks again
These fit great in normal bottles. I put one of mine in a colored bottle and it gives off a nice glow.
Liked fast shipping and safe arrival. Great for adding bio activity to my created gecko's substrate. Would buy again.
Good purchase good service
Cleans up the grill nicely without hurting it like a brush can. Really nice product.
I love these and will buy a new set next year. The sun and heat do stretch out the elastic but I sew, so I can fix that problem when I get a new set. Even with the elastic stretched out though, they didn't blow off. The plastic is plenty sturdy and no holes. They were a good fit It was nice to be able to see my pretty lounge cushions even when covered. Very good value for these.
I like the concept of the privacy screen. 50' long it's allow to o hang this screen of my wall. I put this privacy fence up myself. It wasn't too difficult. The plentiful grommets are evenly spaced around the edges and are securely attached. I guess time will tell how this screen will hold up to the elements
The first plant ordered was shipped/sold by amazon so I could get prime shipping. What arrived was basically dead, it had outgrown its jar and turned mostly black. Was probably stuck in a box in their warehouse for too long. Got a second plant direct from seller Orchid Gene and it arrived alive and in good shape- good customer service, too.
I was very impressed with the design as it made clean up super easy and still looks attractive. A definite must-have for summer!
Love my grill and love this cover. It was exact fit. Two Velcro straps on the sides to keep it snug. Quality material. Worth buying for your beloved grill harsh environments or not.
Nice quality, very durable. It's been through some major storms and is still standing strong. My son loves it.
This stuff works, I put it in all my pots this year, think there was less watering.
I got this for my mom for Christmas and it looks great in her house. She keeps plants on it and it seems to hold up well.
Works good for my lawn mower. Easy to Install. Cuts the grass. Really low cost. Can't really ask for more.
Very sturdy. Well made tool . Great for any gardener
Was worried about this one due to the low price, but it's legit. Weber brand, and fits Genesis II perfectly.
I have 2 dogs and didn't want anything that would make them sick you only have to use a small amount for it to see it start to melt
Doesn't feel thin or cheap, no pinholes, correct dimensions. What else is there to say? It's a sheet of poly.
Handling your own pool chemistry is great. Once you get the hang of it, it's easier than asking the pool store what to do.
Good sprayer and comes ready to use.
Very fresh and clean. Neatly and tightly packaged. Even threw in extras. Thanks for the free lufa seeds.
I was skeptical at first, because I've bought cheap ones in past that were junk. I have sticky pads and traps throughout my basement, because I live near fields. Many field-mice get in, and I usually was catching one or more a day. I plugged this in, and I haven't caught one since. It's incredible, but its actually does work. If you have a mice problem, this is a must have. So much easier to repel them, than trapping and disposal. I'm getting more for the rest of my house!
I bought it to try to establish healthy grass. In only one week my grass looks better.
Best solar lights of this kind yet. VEry bright. Solid construction and easy mounting kit included. Just got it, so I cannot speak to the longevity. I will update if they do not stand the test of time.
Good value for money and effective!
My mother always swore by Burpee quality products. I ordered this item because I could not find it anywhere in the grocery stores locally. I was happy to find these online. They seem to be growing nicely in this climate.
I gave this to an Alpaca Farm owner for Christmas. It really is adorable. By the time I added drainage media and soil, the cactus just barely fit. The cactus was originally in a 2 inch pot.
I just received these so we will see if they work.
Works great only thing attachments are a pain to switch back and forth and get heavy after a while using but does the job
Very good little tiller. Does a great job on both old and new ground. For it size it has a lot of power. The only down side as of now is it can be a little hard to start some times. Overall I am real happy with my Mantis tiller.
This shade works great - we put this on top of the pergola that is on our deck and it keeps it in the shade while still allowing some light through. Best thing is it keeps the glare off of the television we have mounted on the deck. It seems to be of good quality - had it up for a while now and seems to be holding up nicely.
I bought these for daughter then my other daughter bought 6 sets Then I had to buy 3 sets for my granddaughter and 4 more sets for my daughter Then my sisters loved it just gets contagious They are awesome!!!
I hope this item is good for purpose. Didn't try it yet, so no further comments.
These work great. I planted several new apple trees and wanted to keep the deer away. I have a trail camera set up and can see the deer avoiding the new trees because of these pouches. Highly recommend
Have lasted since last year. Use them and wash them without loss of efficiency
Works good it hot pretty quick
- Lots of baskets. - Perfect size. - Those little nozzles they give you are pretty handy for drip irrigation...I honestly don't know what they're for, but I use them to stop the water from running back down the drip tube.
Very durable and great OE replacement. Price is very reasonable. Will purchase again next summer!
Works really well. No batteries, simplicity of use. Have liberated many a wayward bug over this summer, and not one suffered injury. Better than any flyswatter - no mess to clean and bugs are on their way.
Worked perfectly. Was long enough to work for me, and adjustable to make things level.
Looks great in my yard
Very nice quality! The colors of the flag are bright and the lettering seems to be of good quality as well. My neighbors asked where I got the flags because they liked them so much! Will purchase again.
Very pretty holder for a few small succulents! On the smaller size. Got here fast with prime. Gifted it. Was well loved. Will probably get another!
I love this item. It is a great addition to my fairy village landscape.
use it often when cooking for the crowd. I am totally satisfied.
Good size and material. I'm using it as a side table for my outdoor lounges and it works perfectly.
These lights worked great in a small tent for the price the quality really can't be beat. I've run them successfully now for 4 grows no issues. The veg/bloom switch is a perfect setup for indoors.
Product great. Easy to install
Bought this for my daughters room and she loves it! Seems to be well made and comfy. Of course I took it for a test drive and I can honestly say I'd buy another one for myself.
Works descent for the price. Quiet
This mat was beautiful in design and elegant. I was excited to use it as soon as I received it! It doesn't slip or move on the floor and works well in holding in rain and dirt.
Easy to install and works great
Absolutely beautiful in my flower bed. Exactly what expected when I ordered. Meets all my expectations for a garden flag.
When I received this pad I put it to use immediately as I was painting walls in my den where the previous 1" knee protection wasn't helping much at all. This product made it so much more comfortable to be on my knees I was able to finish painting the walls without having to take but a couple of breaks versus the other pad made it took twice as long as I had to take multiple breaks to give my knees a rest. I love how large the pad is and how nice the material is. What a great purchase.
Liked the overall appearance. Just wish we had some wind after putting it up to watch it.
Perfect. Just as described. Worked well.
Have used it once, and it worked fine. Hopefully it will hold up over time. Love the fact that it shortens and becomes very light when you empty the water from it. Easy to move around. Hooked it to another similar hose for more length and maintained plenty of water pressure.
Great quality for the price
I put one in my room and restaurant, and now I can't see mosquitoes and worms in my room. It's a good product
I absolutely love this little set. Perfect for my carport. I wanted something small and sturdy for me to sit on and enjoy my morning coffee or watch my kids swing. Its sturdy, but not too heavy. It was also really easy to put together. Its Definitely not ideal for someone with a large frame, but it is very comfortable for my 5' 4" self and my 5'10" bf doesnt have a problem sitting in it either. Love!
The teeth on my previous clutch sprocket ground down, and this part fit just like the original one. Went on with no issues. The needle bearing pressed in no problem as well. Saw's up and running. Would order again.
I had a problem removing some 'stuck' positions in brake calipers on a vintage sports car. This adapter, after changing the air-chuck for a better fitting one, let me use my Karcher K2 series pressure washer to pop out the stuck positions. I core drilled an M10 x1 bolt, cut off the head and welded it to a male air-chuck adaptor. This fit into the caliper and the pressure washer adapter. With the caliper bleeder screw opened slightly, to allow the pressure to ramp up, the stuck positions dislodged easily. Due to the high pressure, a wooden block was used as an impact absorber. Need a tool, make a tool. This adaptor worked very well for my non-standard application.
Love this product ! Bought it for our upcoming Disney trips as well as the summer since our old one was very bulky and hard to pack. It actually mists not just sprays you with water and the fan is very powerful! Can't believe how compact and handy it is - 2 thumbs up!
I just wanted to tell you how great this product is!! I got a new deck and the layout was such that I couldn't connect the garden hose to water my plants. This little gadget got here in 2 days and works like a charm.
Nice, very beautiful
Love cover. Covers grill good and works to keep grill condition from outside weather conditions.
This is very sturdy. The soil sample does not get stuck inside because the cutting edge is tapered to cut a smaller plug than the upper interior chamber.
Every garden nozzle we have ever purchased has leaked at the connection from the hose to the nozzle and this one does NOT leak! I love the options the multi function feature offers whether I'm washing the sidewalk off or misting my hanging baskets. We will definitely be ordering another one for our backyard hose.
Excellent product and quality.
Excellent light with a wide range of color and effects.
My Husband's a pretty tall guy & it fit him great & I was impressed with the quality.
The kettle cover is nade of a very heavy fabric and provides cover for my grill all the way to the ground (including the wheels)
Comes with a lot of pots for a great price.
I have pain issues and it makes it hard to use heavy tools. I switched to Makita battery yard tools and it has made doing yard work so much easier. The battery life and power is amazing. I have used this hedge trimmer a lot for a couple years now and it still works like new!
This holds the file square with the bar to get the guide rails even. I have no complaints, just use a good pair of gloves to help protect your fingers from cuts.
Super excited to hang these up! Arrived packaged well, no broken bulbs. Bulbs are slightly smaller than the usual market lights, but still super boho chic nonetheless.
Great price and fast shipping
fit perfect and keeps it covered so to speak thanks guys so much
Fits really well around mower and breaths very well. Great product for the price. I'll buy it again.
The lamp is super beautiful! I hang the picture above. I like it very much! The quality of the lamp is super good!Looks fantastic! Works great. My wall now looks fantastic. The lighting is very warm.
It is the perfect size for the window I had to get 2 clamps to fix it there
It is so amazing, It can spray on trees and flowers all over my garden in many ways. I like this kind of feeling. It's unique and wonderful. Recommendation.
These are durable and high-quality (not like flimsy Christmas lights) I can't wait to use them for outdoor parties.
Very good replacement line.
Works great with replacing carburetor on 10 year old poulan chainsaw. Had to modify the plastic cover abit but was worth the effort. Cause it was a better built one than the factory one.
i enjoy this wind chime, charge it outside on sunny days and bring it in for evening enjoyment.
Shinning and beautiful like diamond in the sky .And many modes you can choose.it worth
Exceptional product and excellent customer service from vendor.
I have a Masterbuilt smoker which has the ability to heat up to 350 degrees. For several years, this was not possible with the existing equipment. I had contacted Masterbuilt regarding the problem. They sent out another regulator and control panel for the smoker. Again, was unable to reach this temperature. Reviewing U Tube, someone had the same problem and utilized this type of adjustable regulator. I'm happy to say this unit allowed me to increase the propane to the point the smoker was able to reach over 350 degrees. I'm so happy this solved the problem. Thanks for an outstanding product.
Awesome product! Works really good in low pressure . And connectors are easy to plug into my water outlet in the house.
These lights were just what I was looking for for this project! They give off the perfect amount of light and plug into the wall which is amazing because battery powered lights die too fast. Super impressed with the quality and the ease of putting them up.
I have 2 Blackstone 12 inch domes but find that I almost always need a smaller one when cooking stir fry. I just got this smaller dome yesterday and put it to immediate use covering the thinly sliced chicken I cooked for the stir fry dish I cooked. As it is smaller, it takes up less room on my 4 burner Camp Chef griddle and because it is smaller it also does a better job of helping cook the chicken and of keeping it warm once the chicken is cooked. These domes make for a small oven of sorts and when using a griddle are a must. I use this and my other domes to melt cheese on burgers, to steam vegetables, and to keep warm whatever I have cooked that I am not ready to take off the griddle. Of note is the fact that the handle may get hot, so caution is warranted when cooking with high temperatures and especially when used for long periods on a hot grill. However, in last night's cook, The handle was only warm. It's a well made and attractive dome. I give it 2 thumbs up.
I'm still in my first season with this product but it is doing well so far this summer. The salt readings are pretty accurate. Maybe only off my 100 or so at most. Because of the great price I was able to get the next higher cell size which will allows be to run my cell at 50% during this Texas summer heat and will provide longer cell life. I'll update this post if anything with my experience changes.
Love them, bought 2 for my orchids
This garden hose is extremely long even though it shrinks to a small size. It can be very easily carried around and has many function. This is definitely a 5 star item.
Had one made out of plastic - the rodents ate their way out - THIS ONE IS GREAT!
Still a wonderful door after 3 years and over 1000 opening and closings. Highly recommend the opener with its terrific customer service. If I ever have to replace the door opener, it would be this model. High quality and not a cheap eastern knockoff. Purchased 100's of items on Amazon and this is my FIRST review. It speaks volumes.
It looks like a quality product. Haven't installed it yet. I'm sure it will cut my grass just fine. Also price was right. Thanks.
Works as advertised.
Clean, fit perfect and easy to use.
Much faster starts than old OEM starter. Always had good luck with this company's products. Great price too.
They work great I needed them had a bad itch that couldn't get too lol
I like the automatic turning on at night. As said in the introduction you can't expect them to be very bright. They're just pathway lights for indicating the position of a path and they're doing good on that.
I've had this canopy installed for a couple months now and I receive compliments all the time! Would buy this one again in a heartbeat!
fits my 50” toro timecutter perfect, with plenty of room. very good item for the price.
Kid loves it. Ideally placed on a flat spot. My yard is sloped.
Excellent quality. Works great.
I actually use these to scare animals off my sofa I tested it and it didn't hurt me but it works wonders as a deterrent
Makes preparing BBQ so much easier! The kit would make a nice summer gift to anyone :)
These are smaller than many I've seen in hardware stores and farm supply stores. A good fit for the porch. They do seem to work and are pretty creepy looking. They are about 10-11 inches tall. The eyes really stand out. Guess that makes them effective. They are really light weight but have plastic plugs in the base so you can add sand to make them more stabil. There are no moving parts, no electronics. Just a fake plastic owl.
Holds umbrella well in strong wind, and wheels help maneuver the umbrella
Will look amazing in my Fairy garden, thank you
I finally bought a good PPM pen. Very glad I did, I now have confidence in the readings I'm getting. Very easy to care for and use.
Exactly as described.
this looks just great.
Worked perfect to replace the hose on an outdoor propane deep fat fryer.
Great pricing, fast shipping. Thanks!
There are no assembly instructions but before you get mad there are only 9 pieces that you can put together by looking at the picture. Very strong and sturdy. I have a 150' x 20 gravel driveway I used to spread 10 yards of limestone with this. Worked very well on small stone but not so much on larger rocks that were already on driveway.
This sprayer is very easy to use and well constructed. Perfect size for spraying weeds around the house.
Great product! Terrific customer service! Fast shipping! I liked it so much I bought a second one. So I can have a fresh one waiting and one in my wash! I will buy again. The Tye cords are realy strong.
I bought these some time ago to replace my original bars (that were quite old). These are holding up very well.
Great product! Easy to assemble and install. We used epoxy to attach to our barn stall top rail.
I have so many birds visiting me each day. I have traditional feeders, but Mr.Birds Bugs, Nuts, Fruit wild bird feed is the high point of the feeders in my yard. The birds love it. Perfect for our feathered friends!!
If you want LED's at a great price, this package is almost impossible to beat. The package came on time and is as advertised, very easy to use and setup. I will be placing orders for a few more to attach to a few craft projects I am completing over the summer.
I had the seed in a swing top garbage can - squirrels got in. I got a plastic one that locked - they chewed their way in (see photo). Finally I got this one. They can't get in! It looks nice and when I get a new 40 lb bag of bird food and fill my bird feeder the rest fits nicely in it.
This grill cover looks very neat and easily fits over our large grill. I like the fact that it's lightweight & easy to pull off & put back on. I think the fact that it's lightweight will make it easier to wash in a washing machine, too.
Good quality! 100% satisfied with purchase. It makes a difference!!!I absolutely happy with this! I never thought how great it would be! They are worth buying
Excellent quality!! Looks great with the Fox & Fern planter I purchased. Highly recommended!
I love my new pergola. I had someone help me put it together-took about 6 hours. Fits the area perfectly. I added a shade cloth. Am enjoying sitting under it this summer. Loved the smell when opened the box-lol. No issues with assembly
Awesome LED lights. Just as the described. These strip lights are bright and easy to use. Many colors to choose. Great quality good price, it worth every penny. Highly recommended!!!
This is just like it is described.
Arrived on time. Good price.
Pretty low odor and even then it goes away pretty quickly. Thanks for making a great product.
These lights are AWESOME for landscape uplighting. Recommend try it and save energy !!!
Been using it to monitor the soil for feeding time check the plants today and still on moist by the time I get home it should be close to dry then I water them again ph meter seems to be on point as the plants look really healthy hopefully another thing I love it's the light meter helps me make sure every plant is getting the same amount of light great tool for beginner gardeners.
this make best aquarium water test , it come in alot of strip for 2 bottle , price is half i can buy for 1 bottle at petsmart
Very cute, spins great, kids love it, adds some motion to front yard... had to use bonding adhesive to keep sticks together (not a big deal at all). Great addition to flower bed in front of our house.
Great customer service and easy to use. It runs well.
Using it in Korea in lieu of lawn furniture. It is a neighborhood favorite and has Almost lulled me to sleep a couple of times.
Shipping was fast and just what I ordered! Thank you!
ordered two replacement lamps for my Aerogarden. They were slightly different than the original lamps that came with the unit, but fit perfectly and work great. Upon delivery, one of the lamps was broken. Think Crucial replaced it immediately, no questions, no problems.
Really nice size, looks like it could comfortable fit food for four. Everything came wrapped so nothing was scratched or damage in transit. I havent used it yet, but I loved going through it and cannot wait for warm weather so I can put it to use. Would recommend.
These candy cane lights looked so awesome along our path. Easy and quick to set up and the height makes a nice visual impact from the street. Would highly recommend!
I put one of these in my pool when. Closed it last fall. When I pulled of the cover in May the pool was clear and I could see the bottom. This rarely happens with my pool. I plan to use another this year.
Within a week of the first spraying, the leaves looked healthy. The wife is smiling......
Awesome flag even though it is only printed on one side. Looks great on my flag pole with my retirement flag.
Works well. So do real cameras :) would buy again.
Perfect! Exactly as described. Instructions could be clearer but great end result.
These are so adorable! I used them for our elephant themed nursery. I can't wait to put some succulents in them!
Sooo i purchased this as a mothers day gift, and mom started crying because it was so beautiful. YES, i DID put a 5 coats of polyurethane on the whole unit, as it does need protection. I would recommend the seller does it, but eh, its not that hard to pickup some spray on coverage. So what. Its a beautiful birdhouse with lots of small pieces to make it unique. But it with the intention of putting a coat of coverage, and you'll be FINE. Its a beautiful addition to the yard and will see what compliments mom gets ;)
Good quality and pretty look
These look great, they are very sturdy, crank works easily, and they look very nice.
The price is worth it, since it is substantial and as-advertised.
Replaced an old cheaply made flag. She is only flown on special occasions that warrants old glory to be seen.
Easy set up, great adhesive on strip. Remote control works ok but the app is WAY better! Def worth the price
Fits perfect. Nice quality. I wish it came in a package of 2 but for the price the package of 3 was still a bargain.
been using regularly (daily since summer) a brass wand roommate found at a ross dress for less. that one had a metal valve dial to open and close the water stream to the nozzle. this was fine for awhile but after a lot of flexing of my index and middle fingers to spray paint a bunch of furniture, twisting the dial on and off as i moved thruout the yard became truly taxing on my battered nerve endings and digit muscles. i was so excited to get this new wand i couldn't even wait until the weekend to go install it on my new hose. it's fantastic! while i would have preferred more of a full spectrum of water release thru the handle, i am ok with the click setting - it's extremely sensitive toward shut off so you never have to worry about overwatering. the fixture is good though i added a brass connector to increase the distance between the handle cushion and the joining hose since my hose has a shut off valve that was too close to the mouth leading to the dial being jammed shut by the cushion. the ratcheting head gives you lots of control over your spray and the wand length is just right. even though it seems really durable and sturdy, it is lightweight, so hoping for less wrist strain raising wand to water. time will tell whether it's crafted to endure weather, water pressure stress and regular handling, but i'm hoping it holds up because i'm really happy with this wand so far!
Works great in the pump
I just got these today and they are so adorable! They're tiny and the colors are so cute!
This is a good quality flag for the money.
Received quickly, it fit and it was priced right. Very good.
i really like it. this hose is sturdy and easy to use.
Saves a lot of pellets. I use even in sub zero weather
Cut to pan size. Works good for me.
Well made. Good quality.
My stalks are doing real well.. Just love them waiting for them to get big so I can propagate them... I would definitely buy them again if I need to
The seats are strong and durable. Very well made. They are also heavy just so you know. They will last long .
Couldn't get the high percentage alcohol in quantity anywhere else.
These are just what i needed for roasting vegetables in my oven. They are good quality and durable.
no more reaching and climbing ladders, does a great job and so far the battery lasts quite a while. Im a landscaper so its getting some pretty harsh usage..
First impression out of the box was "wow, this is heavy duty!" I love that the bulbs are only 2ft apart versus 3ft like other brands. The translucent amber color is perfect. Money well spent
Very heavy durable! Great quality! Works amazing! Does so much! Knife, spatula, tenderizer, meat fork!! Very amazing
Good packaging, just the right consistency I was looking for.
Easy to use and exactly what I ordered. I used an air compressor to fill the pillow because I noticed people commenting on not understanding how to fill it up with air or were having trouble. We'll see how it works after this Michigan winter.
excellent seller and would highly recommend. The packaging of the plants was much better than other online plant sellers, shipped promptly and the plant was well rooted. Its been a few weeks since I transplanted the plants in other pots and they thriving.
Only brand I buy for orchids
This is just lovely larger than I thought but the right size
Came fast. Just what I needed to add to beautiful centerpiece.
It's exactly as described
Grandparents loved them
Set it up a few times a year. The hammock itself, you can tell it's not made to be left out in the weather sun+water repeated will destroy it. people saying they fell through I would bet that's why.
This is a nice quality hose that is compact, yet expands quickly when water is turned on. I love the length of the hose because I can water plants in my front yard, side yard and all the way to my back yard. There are a number of different nozzle options so you can change the spray force when watering delicate plants or filling up watering can. The grip on the nozzle is easy to hold and the right size so that your hand doesn't get tired when watering plants.I love this items very much.
Well-made and delivered quickly. Pretty durable when you use a rubber mallet to pound them into the ground. Only one out of fifty has broken at the point where it's welded.
These are going to be the perfect accent to my porch this Christmas. The colors look great. I plan to wrap it around the porch railing.
So easy to install and works great!
Was just what I needed to block a gap to keep out rodents. Is sturdy and can be easily cut to size you need. Would recommend.
everything is growing well in this soil. i bought 30 starts of succulents and every one of them rooted.this soil is the best!
much more comfortable than the macrame rope swing/hammock I had before. The 2 pillows are a nice bonus, and the colors are very attractive. I have a different type of swing frame -- 2 hanging hooks instead of the 1 this one is designed for. But I just slid the chair's loops off of the wooden bar and hung the chair/swing directly on my frame.We've had this chair up for a week and it's by far the most popular seat in the house!
Happy to have less beetle problems
Got these last year for a costume. Used multiple times in a variety of applications. They've held up to against 4 kids, 3 camping trips, a lego fairy scape, a cat, and an epic led Halloween costume. The green & white are the brightest. The colors are pretty vibrant and continue to be a big hit. Will definitely buy again.
Excellent product and customer service, super fast shipping. Works great!
I purchased this flag to replace one that faded horribly in a couple of months. I have had those one since September and it looks fantastic!! Hasn't started to fade yet and great quality!
Best thing that happen was my old washer breaking. This attachment did a great job on my deck and it saved my back. Do not dread cleaning my decks now.
These are working well a few months after buying them; I'm very happy with them!
It only works in full sun but it's fun.
I was impressed with the brass fitting and the adjustable nozzle . When I turned it upside down more foam shot out of it
This is a beautiful blade, perfect for all my garden needs. It comes with a sharpener, as well as information about using the sharpener to keep your Hori Hori in good working order. The leather sheath is also very nice. Definitely would recommend!
This product was delivered quickly in secure packaging which made it easy to carry. Soil was great quality and very handy size. Filled a lot of large pots and containers. Very satisfied with my purchase.
Very nice price for the quantity and durability
I was surprised how big this set it- it is more like a professional with a good quality steal, great grip but feels comfortable and secured. I like the feeling of great tools. Cleaning is easy and everything goes fast. Doesn't scratch the pans .. Great with the hot meat .. you don't feel that you can get burn. Really high quality and really deserve the Five stars. Buy with the confidence. Great BBQ tool to have inside and outside.
Great design..strong
I am really satisfied with this product. What a good quality and cheapest price on Amazon. Fast delivery 👍🏻 Love it. This is the product that I recommended.
Excellent packaging, cant wait to see them bloom!
Looks beautiful! definitely worth the price!
Been using this for a few days now and I have to admit I was skeptical at first but this little thing appears to be making a huge difference. I live near a lot of water and canals and the mosquitos are so thick sometimes it feels like your breathing mosquitos instead of air. I try to avoid burning or chemical type solutions and citronella doesn't seem to be potent enough plus I have to spray or light a candle and go back in for a little while to let it take affect. This thing just stays out there and runs. Very satisfied so far.
still working a year later.
A very prudent choice to replace lawn & leaf bags that don't stand up to stuffing down...those leaves that is (or grass clippings). The material is considerable stronger than the blue plastic tarps. The two handles on the sides, and one on the bottom edge make lifting, moving and dumping nearly as easy as having someone else do it for you. I expect these will last 4 or 5 years, in the long run much more economical than 1.5 mil plastic bags.
I purchase the fogger to use in my garage. The idea was to stop the spiders from taking over. So far it has worked very well. I set up two cans inside the garage, at night, close the door and start them. I've decided to do that on the first of each month for a while to see if it continues to work. So far so good.
Easy to see from a distance and at night! love it
I have arthritic fingers and they work great
As advertised. Fit perfectly
These chair springs are very sturdy and didn't take long at all to put up! My kids love sitting in their hammock chairs!
It does what it's supposed to do!
I was afraid my older button style wouldn't be available but alas this did the trick. So grateful and easily installed. Can grill again!!
3 little pieces each fire, works every time.
Lightweight. Will see in the Spring how it holds up. Comes in a bag to store it in. Great size for our loveseat. Best of all is the tie downs on each corner. They are the plastic buckle type with nylon cords. I slipped if under the leg of each leg.
Great wood plant stakes. Easy to use and are very sturdy. Excellent for holding my tall seedlings and mature plants.
No assembly needed. Very sturdy and large enough for my computer, mouse, paperwork, drink, cigar and ashtray. Will not blow over with wind unless severe storm. Takes 1 second to open up and 1 second to close. Can lift with 1 hand and take it in front yard or backyard. So glad I bought this.
Excellent and fast growing! Very healthy.
Look great and get the message across.
Excellent Product! Exactly as described at a great price!! 5 Stars
Pretty nice nail kit. It came with lots of nail art accessories and some nice colors. Nicely priced as well!
The table was easy to put together and very sturdy. The top is so pretty and bright.
Pretty good for the price, there are gonna be folds though but it's only 5 bucks so what should you expect
I bought a longer wand which was pricy but this thing really saves me a lot of time. My neck and back appreciate the relief as well. It may not be 100% effective but not bad if you take your time.
came packaged nice. They are very pretty I bought these to show my preschool class what a rainbow looks like. I held them in direct sunlight. They made lights around the classroom but not colorful enough for the children to see the colors of the rainbow.
These are very beautiful plant pots. They ate perfectly fits in decor. It has drain hole and it come with bamboos try which add beauty and drain excess water without mess.
Works great and holds good weight
Exactly what I was expecting.
I've been needing a new nozzle for my hose for a while. My favorite function is that it can hold the water until you're ready to release the water yourself. It makes the water pressure very strong for when I need to power wash something.
Blower is very strong runs great
Works as advertised. No complaints
Anyone can BBQ great ribs with this smoker. Almost set it and forget it. Get the temperature where you want it and add wood when needed and water/juice if needed. I've BBQ'd some pretty amazing ribs in mine, time to try other cuts.
It is sitting on a table in my office where I and others can see it. I have received many compliments on it. It is small enough to be discrete, and large enough to be noticed.
Great customer service. I had canceled the order but the cancel didn't go through. They credited me without any problem and didn't ask for the Jobes back!! Would order from them again!
This is a really well made grill. But it is HEAVY. Too heavy for my ladies to handle they say when it is hot. Had to return, but for me, I would have kept it.
Very nice, good quality. A little heavy for using just for a .skimmer
I got these for my wife and I. We love them, the ability to grab hot pans, casserole dishes, hot food, etc. They are a little small for my hands but they still work great.
So very beautiful at night - got my first for a present and bought 2 more- I liked them so much!!!
I got this to put in my son's water table (he's 1.5) and I know that's totally not what it's supposed to be used for but it works perfectly and he has so much fun with it. I love that it's solar powered and so far haven't had any issues with it not working! I live in Florida so it's pretty sunny, this is perfect for us.
Nice sharp saw with a great blade lock.
Reliable and completely easy to use. Best investment ever for any mouse/rat issues.
Cheaper than my local store. Worked just as I needed them.
I'm very happy with my new grow light.It is bright, and the three adjustable heads are great.My indoor plants do seem to respond to this kind of light.
In the past, any bug zapper I have had like this was a terrible idea for indoors. The bugs that got caught up in it smelled like burnt flesh and every time one got zapped it made a very loud noise. This one is so silent you won't even notice it. And the bugs do not stink horribly. They just die. We recently have had an influx of moths and large house flies for which we bought this and I am glad we did! So far, it is helping eliminate them!!!
This was my first time panning and really enjoyed the paydirt from Goldn Badger.
They work get for shading my pool. Keeps the water temperature nice, not too hot.
15 gallons is the minimum size for squash. I also have the 25 gallon size which is better for melons and squash. 15 gallon size is good for tomatoes and peppers. Recommend mulch on top to manage soil moisture. Air pruning technique seems to work well. Quality construction and materials. These have held up well to refilling and moving around while full of soil.
Covers a large area and very productive.
I was happy with the out come
Very cute and light weight, can put them pretty much anywhere.
So cute! I love coming home to this festive sign outside my front door.
The PH Up & Down works very well, and very easy to use. The testing solution itself is almost 100% accurate. Definitely a need in small basic grow setups.
Very easy to assemble. Powerful enough to cut through the dried dirt and centipede grass for me to make new flowerbeds and less lawn. And edging the driveway was a snap!!
My Mom liked these so much when I got them for her for Christmas last year I got them again for her! Just wish they came out with new kits!
Works well so far. Comes with handy clamps to secure the seal. Suction cups.
My mother had a weed-wacker sitting in the barn, been there 3 or 5 or 7 years, she didn't know. For the price of this kit it was worth trying to see if it would run. I am no mechanic, but it took me 30 min to put the new carb on and spark-plug. The weed-wacker runs like it was brand new.
LOVE this! Super cute and tropical. It's a very quiet wind chime, which is what we wanted. We hate those super loud metal ones. This one is soothing and reminds us of a tropical vacation. :)
I hope this lasts me for many years. I haven't had a chance to use this quite yet, I bought it more for emergency situations or fun camping or road trips. These are Lithium Ion batteries so you want to charge these at least once every six months if you do not use it very often.
Works great. I used two eighty pound bags of concrete and it was perfect!
I have a large area to cover and this worked great!
I was pleasantly surprised of the good quality of this flag and the vivid colors and that the stars were sewed on instead of stamped on. I was looking at several other sites for these flags and they just didn't measure up to this product. You always want to get the best bang for your buck and this one is worth every cent.
Brightened up the room and let my plants grow to there full potential
I had a set prior to these and they worked fantastic. Used the stakes on a Clam Corp. escape house (screen room). It had 6 wind panels installed, so lots of wind resistance. The ground had a lot of gravel in it, but the toughness of the stakes with the points went right in the ground. All the storms we had during the summer, it never moved. Bought these to use with a 12' x 20' tent. Wish I had these when I had a dome tent several years ago and used some weak little tent stakes. All but 2 of those stakes pulled out of the ground and the tarp underneath ended up with one of my neighbors. If I'd had these stakes, I'd still have the tarp and the tent.
These are so cute and a great price
Perfect replacement. What a difference a new filter makes...Great price compared to the local pool stores. I may just replace the filter more often now.
Love this - easy to put together and durable
As advertised. Very pretty. I enjoy the 6 hours on 18 hours off feature.
High built quality and they look really fancy
I needed an extra shelf because my fridge only came with one shelf. This helps and creates much more room to store food.
Item was perfect but this is how it arrived at my house.
A well-packaged and healthy specimen for Empress Wu variety Hosta. If it fails, the fault would be mine...
Good product as its very easy to replace. It would never be as cost efficient as the traditional one but, it will save you time and gray hairs fighting with the old spool.
Cute lights! I've put them in empty wine bottles and small tinted glass vases and they look amazing. The price is great too (considering all the lights came with batteries).
Simple to install - solved the problem I was having with stalling of my mower. Took maybe 20 minutes and worked the first time I tried to start it up. Very Happy that I didn't have to load my tractor on a trailer to take it for repair.
Very fast delivery. Bought as Christmas gift.
Have used this hose for 4 weeks now and can't complain at all. So much better than I expected! The hose expanded as it should do, it was light in weight and easy to manage around the garden, it didn't twist or kink, it retracted back when the water was turned off.
I have a farm and this thing has taken hours off my brush removal duties
Does everything I needed it to
I was pleased with the quality of the grill burners and heat plates. It would be real helpful if new screws were included with the burners.
We work outside a lot and this is perfect for our shoes and boots to keep the dirt from getting all over the house.
It's a nice cover, it fits well except near the wide legs of the smoker, but I am content with it.
So excited I came across this product. Easy to use and works great. The chains get dull so fast so this is a great fix. Comes with an extra sharpener too.
Awesome! For a home chef, this makes quick work of shocking oysters for a crowd.
Absolutely love this! Will be purchasing again
What a nice replacement canopy. For the price we are very happy
I am very happy with this light weight hose. I like the quality of my expandable hose . I never realized how much easier it is to store and use an expandable hose until now and it great . This hose is made with thick material making it very durable .Its a huge plus of how lightweight this hose is, I drag it from my back yard to the side yard with no problem and don't even have to strain to get it placed where I need to use it .
cant wait to try out
Everything was right and fit saw perfect and nothing was missing
I had an issue with the first one leaking. I contacted Amazon and the company shipped me a replacement no problem! Great spray gun and tips!
Looks nice, keeps the rain at bay, don't know how it will fare in the blazing sun of summer. My old one (different make) rotted in the sun...
Lights can be mounted on the soaking tub with the help of suction provided in the package. Overall it is very compact in design with strong built quality. Once the lights are submerged in water, it can be operated with the help of the remote. Remote allows controlling the intensity and color. Overall, I am very happy with the purchase and helps me feel relaxed after a tiring day. I am planning to purchase a second one for our other bedroom.
Love this cabinet. Use it outdoors on my patio. I do keep it covered at night because I store a lot of paper goods in it and I don't want the dampness to get at it. Great value for the money.
Very thin wire. But cool Cool light.
This pump is the best. Quiet, durable, long power cord, easy to clean, very low power consumption.
just missing four, great set for deck, also save you money :)
Perfect item for the little ones. Food on a stick helps with the picky kiddos!!! Great!
Love it for my backyard patio for night hangouts! It has been holding up in a particularly rainy time in Southern California. So it holds up to rain and dry heat
Exactly what I was looking for. Looks very cute in my flower garden!!!
Having a large bucket saves trips to the spa store.
Look awesome. Daughter loves them
Beautiful addition to our back porch.
Excelent product works good
Product worked great. I didn't have to deal with the condescending Amazon Customer “Service” supervisors like I did for another item. Amazon Customer Service used to be AMAZING, now they essentially do not care what the buyer says. I would order this again.
My husband loves them
DIfferent birds were using our driveway as their personal fly through toilet and this option was our last resort. It definitely works! I still can't believe it. I guess I thought birds were smarter? Doesn't matter, definitely recommend if your vehicle is covered in so much bird crap that you can pass as having used decals to be ironic. Bonus: the light up eyes look super cool at night!
I use this outside to keep little lizards away from the doors. I usually spray every 10 days or so and seems to be working!
Like so many of us, as we get older, so do our pets. Our pet garden of memories is our way to remember our "kids." No, we are not crazy as we have grown kids and are retired from successful careers; we, like so many, love our pets. This memorial stone was simply the right one for us to remember our little cat.
A cool design add to any space. I bought all the options and put them around the house. It's a nice way to bring green life to your place in style
These lights are so elegant looking! I will buy more of them.
Love these,the lights are very bright and they get everyone's attention,and the remote is very convenient to use. It comes with super adhesive and very easy to install .worth it!
Exactly as described.
This product is EXCELLENT. I even tricked my sister into using it, and once she used it, she asked for more. Ecosmart insect killer granules smell GREAT and are a nontoxic way to kill pests from the lawn and are very easy to apply. I recommend this product and bought it again this season and will buy it next year.
great product, the blade that comes with the pole is flimsy and small - works better with a larger stiffer blade.
Works exactly at listed. This bottle will definitely last us a long while
What an amazing grill for the price. Patience is needed to put it together but worth the trouble. It has so many functions that work really well. Adjusting the height of the coals is super easy and really improves performance. Fire door allows easy access while in use. Multiple vents allows great flexibility. My only issue is that I'm not crazy about the ash try. It is rather shallow and tends to spill when cleaning it. It's also a little awkward to maneuver when its full of ashes and you are trying to discard them.
Haven't used yet but company is super easy to work with
Good quality and functional as described. Highly recommend!
Easy to use. Lights up well.
My fingers hurt from repetitive use doing the same job, and the pain in now very minimal! Makes a huge difference when I am done and have moved on to the next task
loved this Nativity scene, it was exactly what I wanted....
Very good. The product is light and easy to use. I washed the car, watered the flowers and vegetables, and used them twice with great satisfaction.
Love these! I've already put them in several containers to use as lighting. I can't wait to use more!
Easy to put on and heavy duty,the netting is close enough together tha leafs won't go through.
Super nice and cute floor plant holder. The material on this product is very nice and sturdy, I like that it comes in a pack of 3 with a black color that can match anything
Worked as expected, fast shipping and the quality was what I expected at the price point. Worked perfectly
this charger does work fine. arrived timely.
Awesome! best money ever spent. added so much to our summer camp! Highly recommend
High quality, easy to use
Used once so far to tow a Jeep about 20 miles. Did it's job
This seller meets the high standard that we all set for a prime distributor. The transaction was speedy and accurate and they cared about what i thought.
Great set for price. Super durable and well built.
This is More than I expected is amazing products arrive on time and always come in perfect shape
I started to notice black algae spots in my salt water inground pool. With the pump off I added about 2 lbs of salt then used a wire brush to remove the algae spots. The salt helped loosen the algae. Ran a quick clean cycle then cleaned the filter media. Brushed the pool again to remove any missed algae spots. Checked chemical and balanced. Added product according to directions. Ran pump for 10 hours. Removed filter media and cleaned again. Pool water is now crystal clear and no more spots. I hope this helps.
Arrived on time, my Honda GCV160 has never ran better. Fixed my lawnmower without breaking the bank.
Definitely helps plants grow and grow stronger.
These work very well for keeping moles at Bay Only drawback is after it rains you need to pull them up twist the top off and on again. We use them all around our yard and the moles. never come in unless the batteries go out. Batteries last a long time. Work better than solar because they don't need sun to work. On occasion one in the 2 pack won't work.
This carb was a perfect fit for my Hydro 175 and it needed no adjustments or modifications at all. Installed it and my tractor runs like new. Was much less than what JD wanted.
So excited, it fit my John Deere mower great. Very nice fabric, also great price.
Looks so real just like the good ol classic christmas show
Followed the instructions and they germinated in 4-5 days! I've never grown anything from seed before and I don't have a particularly green thumb, so I consider this a great miracle. I live in a VERY dry climate so for the first 7-10 days I covered the top with plastic wrap to keep things from drying out too quickly. Spritzed them gently with a water bottle once a day. I over-sowed the seeds and now I've got what looks like a Chia Pet going on, but I'll thin them out over the next couple of weeks as needed. So far so good!
Easy to use. Point and squeeze. Got rid of my aunt problem in my kitchen. Great.
So nice much more affordable than local retailers.
Big strand of lights! Very good light from them. Plan on using them at my son's wedding coming up soon!
Love this plant, it arrived promptly in perfect condition and is growing nicely..
Amazing! Super solid. Takes a lot of weight without worrying. I'm very impressed. In fact I'm buying more :):) Thank you!
Very nice product, fast shipping, excellent customer service and Made in the USA! I received a wonderful handwritten note from someone at the company thanking me for my purchase. I was very touched! :)
Brilliant concept! Great for the living room. Perfect timing...only have had it a few days and already lots of compliments
Easy to hang, but be careful not to tangle the wires. and remote works well，I like it!
Love the quality! And that they are 6 inches.
Great quality! They look so nice in kitchen! I am very happy.
Perfect for growing indoors
Much better than the original ones.
I am so excited to use these bricks on the grill. I have heard nothing but good things about them and so ready to try them for myself. They are a good size but not to heavy. I can't wait to see what they can do.
I use for my small trees, it's good and fast. But I don't know how it works for the big tree:)
Great patio heater, very easy to follow instructions on how to put together and looks great.
I was looking for some nice fairy lights for my dorm room and I'm glad I found these. Although the buttons can hard to press, I like that I can adjust the brightness and use a strobe setting. Good purchase.
This narrow band warms my 1-gallon kombucha container to 78 degrees in a very chilly house. Which means it does the job well. Many thanks.
I loved these lights !!! So easy to install ! Took five minutes to hang them on our shed and at night they lit up perfectly!
For a while, we had a problem with birds pooping on automobiles & motorcycles. I ordered these, placed them near autos & BAM , no more poop. I then placed them in my garden & even ordered my neighbor some for his garden.
This is my second set. Love Them!!
Easy to assemble and use. Just follow the instruction to depressurize when you are done. If not, the content will spit back at you.
Purchased the self-propelled mower to make the hills in my backyard easier to handle. Also purchased an extra battery and glad I did. Love this mower. No regrets. The mower does the work. I get a nice walk.
Just what I was looking for.
very helpful for my business.
Was nothing I disliked. I use it to measure the temperature in my swimming pool.
The size of this grill scraper was a little surprising upon first seeing it...it's far bigger than any scraper I've ever seen. At first I didn't love that but think it could actually be an asset. This thing is also beefy...very heavy and well constructed. I haven't had a chance to use it yet but don't expect it to bent under pressure, even with significant elbow grease applied. Excited for grilling season to check it out!! Note: see picture next to standard kitchen spatula for scale. It is big. If you have a small grill it might be overkill.
Love this weed whacker and blower. Quick battery charger and it just works great.
my son wanted one for fathers day and he used the tool and love it for cleaning the grill
We loved these, only had one not able to go up. But my party fans really loved them. I will be ordering again for next year remembrance party for my son!
These solar stake lights are by far my favorite feature I'll n my tiny garden. Love how they change colors and how bright they are making my backyard look magical.
a Bug killing machine... not much else to say...
Few stems. Our goats love them as a healthy treat.
This is perfect for my deck which i need to shovel during the winter. No scratching and the perfect width for me. It should out live me!! Thank you!!
been using this hose for 3 weeks now is the best hose I ever used , been using many brands nothing has the looks and the flexibility of the giraffe with the zero memory in all-weather will tell all my friends about it...Pros: Dirty Resistent Color, Multi Use, Easy to Install, Functionality, Stylish, Good Shape, Durable, Easy to Clean, Strong, Sharp, Great Quality, very light
Very nice folding saw. It is a good size, has a sharp blade and a solid safety feature to keep the blade from opening unexpectedly. The saw is big enough to be very effective however it will also fit in your pocket. We have a very wooded yard and cut trees often with chainsaws and hand saws. this is an excellent addition to our tools
Lovely plant arrived in great condition even in the winter. It's atill going strong months later
My car is one of those that you see on the road that needs a car wash desperately. I get free car wash at my local Nissan dealership but the last few times I went, their car washer machine was down or there's too long of a wait. Thought might be cheaper to get a spray and wash my own car. I am very suprised it's very easy to put together. It comes with a couple settings and lever to adjust the water, It works and have decent pressure, but be warned it's NOT the same level caliber like an electric powered pressure or professional washer, but it works decent and I have used it to wash my car and hosed down my side windows. I am not complaining since it's not too expensive of a washer.
We needed these for hole signs at a golf tournament. these were perfect! Shipped fast and help up
Love these hoses. I have a large area to water and am always dragging hoses. I like that these don't kink easily. So far so good.
I bought these handles to replace the cheap handles that came on my smoker. These are very stout. They are a half inch wider than the original handles, but since the door and drawers are made of sheet metal it was a pretty easy modification.
I bought 2 - one for outside gardening and one for scrubbing floors and exercising. My knees are nicely cushioned. The pad is firm, not mushy, and very supportive. Great decision to go with these pads.
I couldn't find this basket from Hayward anywhere. This one is as good as the OEM basket. Thanks so much for a great product.
I was very impressed by the wooden grill scraper. It was larger and thicker than I imagined. The ease this gives for scraping the grill will be wonderful. And the added bonus of a badger and mat! It's a great deal just for the scraper.
Very bright and great value
Sturdy, easy to move around as needed.......you really can't over water!!!
These grill mats are something really nice to use when grilling! It made the cleaning so much easier, things tasted amazing, I couldn't feel a difference. Def a great tool for those of us who like to grill!!
This product is made of durable material. Very nice finished and it fits well in my grill.
Thank you so much! This little plaque is exactly what we were hoping for. It's beautiful. Very well made and worth every penny. Great job!
I purchased this for RV camping as well as a generator to have at the house in case of emergencies. This is ready to go right out of the box. Easy set up. It does everything it says it does. Starts right up with gas or propane. Definitely would by again.
I had a mole in my side yard that was tearing it up. I would sit out everyday and drink my coffee looking at new mounds that had popped up over night. I saw this trap reviewed on Mouse Trap Mondays and thought "That is what I need!!!" I ordered it and was very excited to use it. I took it out to the yard and found what appeared to be a fresh mound and found the tunnel.....It was only about 1/2" below the surface. I tried to put the trap in and it just kept falling over. I propped it up and just could not catch anything. I was pretty bummed after several failed attempts. Fast forward a couple of weeks and I was under my house and found another ole had been tunneling under my pier blocks. This is not good. I found a fresh pile near the side of the house which was much deeper than the other moles. I set the trap and within 30 minutes I had it. I did some reading and found that moles can cover up to 3 acres so I was hopeful they were the same mole. I went in the yard and knocked down all of the mole mounds. Then I waited. About 2 days later a small mound popped up in the original spot. Then I had an idea, drive the spike in deeper so the trap is set lower than the hole but high enough for the mole the still slip through. I did that and propped it up with a couple of brick. 1.5 hours later MOLE!!! This is a big relief to have a good trap. I reluctantly tried poison after my initial failures which also failed. So if you have a mole that is not far below the surface drive the spike in deeper than the hole to give the trap some bite in the dirt. Also, knock all your mounds down to make it easier to locate the fresh active mound when the mole is on the move.
OH it is lovely I cannot wait to out in my garden! It balances and moves in the wind so perfectly!
Worked great on our recent trip to the beach!!!
I use my saw to process hardwood for firewood. Saw guys use a similar product on Youtube, this one cost less, VERY happy with it! Quick and easy to use. Chain is like new. This will maximize the chain's useful life.
Absolutely love these. 3 of them are a little larger which is great. They make wonderful little gifts or just enjoy your mini succulents. I am so happy with them 🌱 2nd time I have purchased this.
The glue traps work extremely well We have scorpions. They seem to be attracted to these traps.
These orbs are super cool! There is no on/off switch. They light up as soon as they hit the water and turn off when you take them out! I cannot wait to use them in our pool as decorations for our upcoming rehearsal dinner for our son's wedding at our home!
Works wonder for the price I bought. Does my job perfectly. I use for my garage and backyard cleaning.
This pressure washer is a nice compact size and powerful enough for cleaning decking and car. I think it's worth for the price. Would definitely recommend.
It arrived and fit right in. No assembly, neat item.
Army worms were gone within minutes. & my grass was back to its normal green within a week. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has issue with army worms.
Worked great arrived in a timely manner.
Color was not right for my use ...but I painted it otherwise
Grew easily and already have some Cucumbers to harvest, however I have not had the chance to try them yet but they look better than I would buy from the store so can't complain
Amazing. I used this on my 3800 psi pressure washer and worked perfectly great — excellent product at much less price than any name brand box.
Managed to kill a few rats with these traps. They're doing their job thus far.
this thing is awesome and can hold me at 255 with no issues
Easy set up - put narrow hammer head in space between the two sections, turned it sideways and table popped open. Easy to adjust height. With table upright put foot on bottom tube and press metal leg locks so they go in. Raise table. The 24" width is good for folded 44" fabric. I can iron with two quilted place mats. They need to use a bigger box and pad the corners better. One corner has a ding in it. No big deal. It's s great table, especially since there are no cross bars in the way of your chair.
like being able to order alot with out running to the store
My husband ordered these to light our dark sidewalk. They work great and were a quick fix. Easy to set up! They give off a good amount of light.
I always thought of a bug zapper being an outdoor item with a loud buzzing noise, but this indoor one is awesome! It has a light that is not distracting or overpowering in the room, and no buzzing noise! I hang it in the corner of the back room where all of my houseplants are, and it gets the fruit flies that accumulate! I am super impressed!
The baking stone was perfectly packaged, all edges and sides completely enclosed for full protection. The stone appears to be of good quality, purchased after my Pampered Chef stone was misplaced, hopefully it will measure up to the durability and quality of my previous stone. It did come with some residue (as shown in pics of my hand), be sure to rinse off before use. Will update after several uses, as I intend to bake cookies, bread and pizza using this stone.
It's a good guide, it's deep enough to be dogs proof for example and it holds the hose properly
We use these camping and live them. We charge them all day and they stay lit all night. We have some hang around the camp site and bring some inside to kind of act as a night light for our daughters.
I have several of these as well as their "Y" splitter. The yellow screw-on end is big enough to easily tighten or loosen. This valve makes using a hose much more convenient by opening or shutting off the water at the nozzle vs the water bib.
It was perfect for our outside gold fish pond.
These items are great. Sturdy, well built the type of product I can see lasting me decades. Even the bag is made of a thick material that I can use for all my outdoor tools. You really don't see quality like this in an e-commerce environment. Great job guys keep making solid products !
Not sure how in Las Vegas, we get so many flies but we do. That was the main reason I got this to try. So I put it up a little but higher for that reason. So far it's been taking care of flies and a few other critters!
I am an outdoor hiker. In addition to using this product at home to drive away stray cats and dogs, it can also help me avoid animal harassment on my outdoor journey.
Easy to clean and reuse so you don't have to keep buying more, definitely a money saver to invest in these.
The remote control is soft touch and easy to manage, the lights work fine. I tried for a day or two for now but I will use it for Christmas time.
It does it's job. It's a little intimidating at first but it's easy to figure out once you actually look at it for a minute. I use it with my rain barrel and a drip irrigation system in my greenhouse. It works great. Tip: If the rain barrel spigot is pointing straight down, adding this and then a hose attachment, it all may not fit. Mine hit the ground and pinched the hose. I had to prop the rain barrel up on some 2x4s to give it clearance.
Much better than the one that came with my aerator
Put them on my fence and they look so adorable-love them!
Have used it twice and it was easy to clean. Also sturdy.
Had new sod installed a little over three weeks ago landscaper said water twice a day and don't cut for at lest 3 weeks well we waited three weeks and believe me it was long and damp. I could not believe this lawn mower cut right thru it and the battery lasted for well over a hour,
Perfect fit. Item is just as described.
Like the fact that they have spaces in the bottom and don't trap rainwater. Relatively smooth and soft to my tired old bare feet. Bonus is the material is recycled and not made in China. Very pleased with the purchase.
Makes for good ground cover
Works fine - as they always do - been using them for years.
Glad I purchased these I had been looking for a while for house numbers, but everything looked cheap or were way to expensive. These are a great price for a good quality product and look great on our old house.
It's a $4 watch ... but it's holding up well and I love it!
Perfect for grilling. I especially love it for fish.
Works well. A little difficult to figure out that the brass round parts are end pieces without instructions. But over all exactly what I was hoping it would be.
Slid through pole hole easily and bought the flag pole many years ago
Can adjust my sprinkler heads on my own. No more service calls!
These were nice. Hung them up at entry to our driveway for our party.
I have checked into buying the ones I needed for my equipment in the past. I would need three different ones for four pieces of equipment. This set was about the same price as one that I needed! They have worked perfectly on everything so far! Now all my equipment is finally tuned up!
Worked great. Fun as gifts
Great condition growing well
In the past I have used stakes and string/rope to keep my canopy in place. I hate that because someone always trips on the string and gets hurt! It never fails. Adults and kids alike. They either fall or get rope burn on their legs or ankles. It drives me crazy. So I thought I would give weights a try. I was worried they would be too big and look awful, but they are so much nicer looking than the rope and stakes and take up very little room. They also do a great job. We left our canopy out for a few days (too lazy to take it down) and there was a lot of wind and the canopy never moved. Now if I could just make these work for our camping tent!
We have dogs and are concerned not only for their safety but for the earth as well. Toxic weed killer just isn't an option so we wanted to give this product a try. We have a large brick patio that weeds pop up. I sprayed this product on them and the instantly started turning brown. I came home today and am happy to say all of the weeds are brown. I was able to let the dogs out tonight without worrying! Love that this is a small company as well! We will for sure use this product again. Oh and it smells awesome!
Just what I was looking for.
I bought this for my niece who recently lost her dog after 25 years. She was most appreciative.
Works like it should. Happy.
It was 2 simple steps to put it together. I dropped it in and it went to work, like it had been waiting it's whole life to clean my pool! This little guy works great... and it's nearly silent, which is a huge plus!
Love the sign. Looks great at our home.
Love these lights. I have them hanging on a crepe myrtle tree that grows through my deck. Love the ambiance at night!
Birds are avoiding area where these were placed!!!
The planter arrived in perfect condition, secure and with protective packaging. The ceramic planters themselves were larger than expected but the perfect size for my already potted terra-cotta pots/plants, although it added to the already heavy weight of the plant holder itself. It definitely helps take advantage of the vertical space of my small apartment, and is aesthetically pleasing and gorgeous. You definitely won't regret this purchase if you are a plant hoarder, like me, and need more upward space to display your plants!
still using them after 6 months!
Love it. So much better than factory hose that came with my electric power washer
love this in my small fish pond. very good price also
This is really a nice apron for the Man who loves to Bbq! Its really well made and seems to be a really nice apron! I am happy with it!
I'm a barber!! By far the best blades I have used so far.. everyone in our Barbershop used them now
Simple device makes it easy to change oil, also avoid mess caused by oil changing. A must have tool for the generator.
This was exactly what we needed to make the lawn tractor run again.
This is very well done.
This is just an awesome product! It's the healthiest way to get rid of pests without the use of harmful chemicals that can bring unwanted side effects. Today we got rid of rats that has infested the garage and cabinet where we keep dry food and I do not plan to unplug it again to keep unwanted pests away.
This is 16 feet in length. I installed it up against a fence using a staple gun. It took less than ten minutes without assistance. This privacy fencing is stable, sturdy, built good and totally worth the money. It arrived quickly, wrapped in plastic inside a tall box. I'm buying another one. I'm very pleased with this purchase!
Worked just like the original. Perfect fit and length.
Great pressure washer. Compact and portable, yet very powerful.
These are REALLY tiny. I did not realize how tiny they were (per my own fault, description is accurate). Wasnt able to use for what I needed due to how tiny, but they look awesome, quality is great if its the size you need.
Tbis is a heavy duty brush that won't wimp out while cleaning the grill.
Recommended. Works as described and a good value.
This planter bowl is very nice quality for the price. This style of planter is difficult to find at local garden stores. I am very happy with this purchase.
Definitely thicker than the other hoses, good for the 4000 psi.
This is a grand ole' flag! It holds up well in high wind and weather compared to the flags flown by the church down the road. Both of our flags are lit at night and flown 24/7, but this flag lasts for a year or possibly more and the other shreads in a few months; it is replaced quarterly.
Unbelievable! You can't go wrong on this purchase, this is bye far the best superior expandable water hose I have purchased. Plain and simple.. it performs as it is described by the manufacturer. Very happy!
When the grill brush arrived, the quality looks much beyond my expectation. The bristle looks very strong. And after I used it to clean my grill racks. It is very easy to clean all of the dirty areas. The long handles feels good. I like the storage bag which can hold the grill brush and keep somewhere I can always find it.
Just what I was looking for at a very reasonable price.
Love the fact that I can put this on my own adjustable pole. It works just fine!
Nice and comfy and fit my hands well. With it being fireplace season they seem like they will work great for needing to adjust logs and while I have not stuck my hand directly in the fire to find out, I Felt no heat on the gloved area whatsoever thus far.
These little lights have a big impact. So many color and function options. The remote comes in very handy!
Good in cutting through the next door neighbor's bamboo roots!
The three lamp holders of this lamp can be controlled separately. The lamp has no lens to block ultraviolet rays. This is good for plants. Please wear protective glasses when using this lamp. Overall, a very good product!
I bought one of these to try on my foundation as we are in drought. It works so well, I immediately bought a second one. I placed them going opposite directions to go completely around (almost). Within two days running several hours. I could lock and unlock my backdoor again. Very happy with this purchase.
Started an new plant from a leaf in a small bathroom Dixie cup. After it started growing roots, Used these for the next size. They are the perfect size to use.
I've used it for several weeks in the garden now. I'm pleased. This is a heavy knife that's quite solid. It's not quite full tang. The blade goes about halfway up through the handle, but I've done some weeding where I put some stress on the blade and the knife is still solid. The steel is thick! My one quibble would be that I'd prefer to have a leather or rawhide sheath, but it's Pleather... But it is riveted so the knife won't cut through it.
Make the Barracuda G3 pool vac perform like it was brand new.
IT works ok but I'd recommend the kind with fans that suck the mosquitos in and dehydrate them. Over time this one shorted out and quit working.
Good quality and it works as promised.
Very cute decoration
Have not used it yet it is a Christmas gift
Cushion arrived fully compressed in a plastic sack. When the sack was cut open, the cushion magically inflated. It's very soft yet supportive. Haven't had a chance to assess its water and mold resistance, but it is a marvelous cushion.
The Toro spool retainer cap came within 2 business days of my order...much faster than the anticipated delivery date of 8-14 days. The item was package well and looks just like the worn-out part it is replacing.
What a great, basic headset for a desktop landline phone! Headset is comfortable, people say they can hear me well, it's easy to adjust the volume.
Like these garden gloves so much I ordered some for daughter. I have been giving these a real workout and realize I don't need any of my old pairs of gloves taking up space with my garden items.
Received the trees in a very a short time and planted them within two days. The trees were very well packaged and upon planting them I saw they had a very nice root system established in the pots they arrived in. I am very hopeful that they will do well through the upcoming winter months, with watering through dry periods, and I would certainly order again. Very pleased with the size and health of the plants.
I ordered the half gallon in March of 2018 used this product on my organic veggie seedlings. I'm impressed the plants love it I've only used it twice. I ordered a gallon in April 2018 to use the rest of the year. I've done my own veggies for awhile this year I can definitely tell a difference.
The cover is great! It was large and able to cover the whole grill. I was afraid it wasn't going to fit but it did.
Great belt-fair price.
Really cool star lights. They are nice and bright and are great quality!
Noticeable difference between treated and untreated plants. Will buy again
High Quality ; well made and manufactured in the U S A ; Excellent for cleaning drive way and patio
Value for money and easy to ready! Simple but effective!
works great in smoker tube when lit with propane torch. .Let flame burn for 3-4 minutes before placing into smoker. lasts approx. 5 hours.
As advertised, helpful with hay unless the hay is super fine.
Good product. Good price. Lights worked great for the holidays.
Rose seeds came promptly, it will be fun to watch them growing.
These grow bags are convenient if you have little space for a garden. They're quick to set up and easy to use. Makes eating fresh vegetables easy. I would recommend them to anyone.
No leaking! Heavy duty and works great!
Works great!! Threw 24" snow 30-35 feet.
This hose is long enough to be put in the back yard to water the flowers or you can drag it to the front door to wash the car and the most important thing is that it's light, it's easy to grab a shower nozzle and there are several patterns for different occasions,
Worked great over the holidays
This new pump works well without having to have a minimum feed pressure of 20lbs like the old one. I'm running it off a tank in the truck, so it has to work with lower pressure and does. That saved me from having to buy a booster pump. The installation was easy, just a wrench, but the bolts aren't metric, so fit better with imperial sized wrench.
I actually use these as window cat beds and they're perfect. I did have to get a larger tray, and I honestly just have it duct taped underneath with a small brace because my cats are a bit rough. But they literally spend 80% of their day in these, they absolutely love them.
This umbrella is very practical! It is also very simple to assemble, and you can put a sun on my balcony. The base is lighter, and you must add weight to the base when the wind is strong!
I love these little globe terrariums. They are the perfect size to sit on a windowsill or to give as a gift to someone in a nursing home or apartment... or someone who loves indoor gardening! I'll be purchasing more of these. They come in a pack of three, which is awesome! I love that I don't have to purchase them individually. A+A+A+A+
I've purchased three 12-packs so far now and I've found them to be a really good deal. They work without fail and their warm white light looks much nicer than the cold blue LED glow that many others have.
Love this product. It works great
I bought these planters for my daughter and she liked them a lot. Not only they are super cute, but they seem to be durable and the material is very good quality. For the price I paid for, it's an amazing deal. I am planning to get more as gifts for my nieces and nephews. I highly recommend!
I love this mat. It looks terrific, and feels great on bare feet. Well made too.
Really like the light. I have 3 very big plants in my dinning room window. Even tho the window is big they still do not get a lot of light. Window is facing northeast so not much light in the morning. But with the grow light now they will get the light they need when needed. With the three heads I can move them where I need the light. Like that it has the different settings. and the timmer. And now my violets will get the sun they need with out burning them.
I purchase the sofa and 2 chair covers. I love them! We have been getting an enormous amount of rain this year and they have held up wonderfully and kept my new furniture bone dry!
Gorgeous! Love the pop of color the blue gives! It has a mirrored side and blue side so in the sun it REALLY sparkles.
Convenient, pretty accurate, and quite helpful. Good product.
This product was perfect to complete our work project. We needed spray bottles for a soap water mix and these bottles were great! Look good and will hold up to our industrial environment.
So versatile. I can fit them into irregular crevices around my pond. Now if I could only obtain some in a one-half- to one-gallon size!!!
Exactly what I needed to plant starts of my grandma's lipstick plant to gift to family.
Good, healthy looking bulbs. Will wait for the spring and update as necessary.
I have had problems with this lawn mower for years. Have taken the Carburetor off several times and cleaned it. This was a 15 minute change and started on the first pull.
These are super and really help. We used two and when top is closed I swing them over the top in case of bad wind.
Not sure what to say about twine used in the garden, but it does a good job of tying things to supports.
Restored my much neglected high wheel trimmer to its original function, I did a complete overhaul of the trimmer including carb, throttle cable and engagement cable.
Worked perfectly great price
It fit and was a reasonable price
The replacement cooking grids work just fine.
I transplanted and topped off some indoor plants this summer with soil that was infested with fruit flies. Didn't know it until about 2 weeks after I brought them back in the house for winter. I inserted some of these traps into the plants that I knew had the fruit flies and within minutes, some flies got stuck on the traps. I'm hoping that I can break the hatching cycle with these traps. So far they work great.
To promote grass in shade area
I got these to add some fun lighting for our bonfire nights. So simple to use, just move the switch and stick them in the ground. It's just what I was wanting.
So cute. Just like the ones in Japan.
Easy to assemble, but PAY ATTENTION to which part goes where. I used 1/2 the charcoal that my 18" weber uses. After the first use, the ceramic chipped (I used the Nylon brush to clean it). I contacted Char Broil and they sent it a new cooking grate!
I live on acreage and always need to spray here and there. It is so great not having to pump all the time. So far I have used it 8 times and still have not have to recharge.
Love this flag. It's made well and it's hanging real pretty outside my house. I took a picture so you can see how VIVID it is. The colors are great. The picture on here doesn't do it justice. And YES my dogs are spoiled and so are my cats and my fish...lol
Because of it's dark color it absorbs a lot of heat from the sun. So placement is important. Attracts hummingbirds and easy to clean.
I purchased this to try my hand at growing some veggies this winter. I set my mini garden up in our kitchen and use the light for a few hours a day. The light works great and seems to be doing the job. I have little sprouts coming up already!
I bought more of this commercial grade mesh to keep my dogs from barking by the fence. It was annoying enough to have them bark at the dogs; but one night it turned out to be a skunk. Hopefully this mesh will keep some of the spray from getting on my dogs if the skunk returns.
The size is just right, it is very convenient to bring to the park.
Super impressed! Way better than expected!! Very bright, and you gotta love the solar energy!!!
I bought this for use in my garden and was not disappointed. Given the large surface areas of plant, a traditional hose wasn't effective in distributing the water evenly. This action pressure sprayer made this job easy. You can adjust the nozzle to spray water or simply mist it. I found the spray to be sufficient and this output a decent amount of water. It isn't electronic so you have to pump quite a bit, but it really is effortless and you will get the hang of it easily. This is also a great way to wash your car. Just put the soap along with water in the tank, shake it and spray it evenly all over your car. Although to then remove the soap I'd recommend a hose. This is a great product that is built well, it doesn't feel like it will break any time soon. Given the price, I'd highly recommend this very functional sprayer with many utilities.
These pool strips worked really well to maintain my pool this summer.It was my first pool, an intex inflatable. I was able to keep the pool safe & sparkling thanks to these little strips.
Works great. Installed it in my 25 hp mercury and have had no problems
Very good quality for the price and worked great after it was assembled and put up
This is so cute & really helps keep us from tracking leaves & debris inside the house, thanks!
Love these! Solar charge is great for Outdoor activities.
it was rather easy to assemble and larger than it expected. It matches the other furniture I purchased.
Very good mosquito repellent lights, children like to it. Beautiful and practical in the backyard
Great hammock. Very easy to assemble and fits two adults! Don't pass this great buy up!
I absolutely love these feeders. They are super easy to use and clean. I like the fact that the base separates so you can clean the sticky out between uses.
I bought this as a Father's Day gift and my dad loved it! It was small, but that was expected. Great for a small gathering.
Took awhile to set up properly. Very important to read and understand directions or chain will slip repeatedly. Once set up properly works amazingly well, easily equals same size gasoline powered saw.
Bought for someone else , they love it
Received this flag promptly. It looks beautiful flying in the breeze. It seems to be made of quality fabric and workmanship. Hopefully we will be able to fly it proudly for some time to come!
A little heavy, but this makes it stable. Comes with a carry case with wheels for easy transport. Would purchase again.
Package came sooner than expected, and looks like all are live also! My kids are super excited to release them! Love my little aphid killers!
The cloth is a little like weight but it was ok to use. I tore the fabric on my first use on my metal roof
Product as described and fast shipping! Thank you!
Haven't tried it yet, but I will this weekend. Very nice product! Looks sturdy. Just what I needed. Will add to my review after I used it.
Before ordering, I looked at customer satisfaction and their comments on this low-end metal detector. After reading a few comments from many different detectors, I decided to choose this one. First of all, it's ahead of schedule, it's a surprise. I checked other people's prices online. It has the highest price / performance ratio. I am very happy.
Super easy to set and works well! Will be getting more
This hair is the best I have bought , is so soft and silky it feels like my natural hair ! It has minimal shedding I pretty much only get shedding when I comb the hair and it's so little just like my natural hair. It's easy to comb, and manage I take care of it like I do my natural hair. Usually when I get hair and install it it doesn't last me long sheds a lot and get tangle and ugly fast this hair still after weeks later still looks awesome I haven't bought hair in awhile because the hair that I've bought isn't great but now I have where to buy my hair the price is a steal and the quality is awesome can't wait to get more hair from this seller ! Thank you so much I appreciate my beautiful long hair!
Easy install and precise application.
Easy to use, good instructions, pictures are very clear.
Very easy to put together. No way will a squirrel be able to jump on this without bouncing back off. Fast shipping on this item and good instructions.
I purchased this product because it was what I was looking for to match a set that I had that had its table stolen. It was a really exciting to find something that matched the set as the previous set was one that my mother enjoyed before she passed. Again great product and excellent service.
Helps keep product from falling out of cart when you have a lot of stuff
Even cuter than expected, which was definitely a surprise for a heavy-duty floor mat. Love that it comes in so many sizes - it can be hard to find mats that fit my oversized doors.
After reading the instructions, product worked perfectly right of the box. No issues
Left this for the squirrels they enjoyed it
I like the excellent value and price of this brush. I often grill. I use them to bake barbecue sauce on pork and chicken wings. The length and heat resistance are very good! There are easy to clean, the best benefits of the brush head can be changed, do not worry about need to spend money to buy
It is exact what we want. It works very well. It's super lightweight, takes very little space for being 100ft long! My husband is the one who is in charge of the back yard so I bought him this hose instead of the older one we had. He is very satisfied.
nice grill I like the smoker box very roomy
Use this product on a pivoting weed eater head.
Does what it says, works great....have to douse everything good though.
Product is very easy to use and produces great results. No additional nutrients or amendments were needed. Very pleased with yield. Used on cloned plants and grown under 300watt LED.
Seems to be great...
Works great. Just as advertised.
Was a bit hesitant that it would actually keep cats out of my garden, however from the moment I set it up I have not had a single cat fouling my garden, so I am absolutely satisfied with it.
I like the ease of this sand filter. It seems sturdy.
As described. Very satisfied.
Just what I wanted :)
As the product says these are Mini Succulent Pots. They are cute and come with a bamboo tray. They found their way onto my work table in my office.
I use this for mowing a small area of flat yard near my pool so I can keep grass short between power mowing.
Perfect fit as expected.
These little lights are so cute! I hung them up in my daughters room to act as a nightlight. She loves them. It has helped her to sleep better. It takes 3 AA batteries to power them. She has used it all night long for over a week and the batteries are still going strong. They are really easy to manipulate into whatever shape you desire and the lights are cute and small. It comes with a remote to control the lights and it has 8 different settings. The remote comes with its own battery and it works really well. Definitely a cute little string of lights!
So far so good. I've only had this for a few months but it's working great.
We use it in our RV. It does a really good job.
I was so happy with the purchase I ordered 2 more sets.
This one charges well and has nice lights
Seems to be working well so far. I have been dealing with an infestation of pantry moths and have seen much less over the last couple of days. I'm hoping these work well in the winter time for move as well. Well worth the money for the peace of mind.
Love zapper. Illuminates the room which draws the past to it. A little bigger than I wanted but works great.
The colors are vibrant. And they are very comfortable.
Great product, but for a family member and satisfied.
Have two doves that forever are using the backboard of the basketball hoop to sit on. Consequently, always have dove poop all over the driveway and the backboard and hoop. Put this stuff up and voila, no more doves jumping on the bed (sorry, sitting on the backboard). When a strong wind came along and blew it away, just replaced it. Cheap and easy way to keep birds at bay!!!!
This is a great product! I feel confident that the bristles won't come out and get lodged in the food. It is easy to use, and didn't damage the grill.
This is the second Flexi hose I have bought and am very happy with both. It's easy to use, doesn't take up a lot of space and I don't have to worry about kinks. Fittings are good quality and construction is solid. Can't speak to long term durability yet but I expect it to hold up well.
I use this cover to protect 6 folding wood patio chairs rather than the stackable chairs it is designed for, and it works well. Gathers too much water is really heavy rain, but that's rare in Albuquerque. Dimensions are as advertised.
Ordered 2 packages of these windsocks for a total of 4. Well made and very vibrant colors. We would order these again, should the need arise. Thank you,
Love these lights, they are very sturdy and great for outside. I had to return the white ones though because they were too noticeable against my dark gazebo. Bought the black ones which looks perfect and all you notice at night are the beautiful lights which btw can be dimmed.
Very well made!! Beautiful and vibrant color!!
This is a very natural LED plant lamp, does not hurt the eyes.
They feel realistic and they shipped fast. The only downside is they are about double the size of my cockatiels eggs, which I had read on another page were the same size as pigeon eggs, then found these for a 1/4 of the price. Still going to try them. Totally my fault they are the wrong size. Good product and seller!
This repeller is amazing! It is completely undetectable to the people in our home or our dog yet has been remarkable at keeping pests at bay. It has kept both ants and mosquitos, which were previously very common, away from our entrances (where we put the Pest Barriers). We also appreciated that two repellers were included so we could double the area impacted. The nightlight is a great feature too. The product arrived on time and in good condition.
I was previously purchasing a much cheaper product, but it just didn't last. I would go through 1.5 spools each time I used it, which was ridiculous. The material was terrible... So I decided to spend a bit more money for what I hoped was better quality, and I am glad I did. These are great! I highly recommend.
It's beautiful, just what I wanted!!
Lightweight and so easy to use. Easy to hide too... no large reel of hose to store in plain view. I just let mine recoil and then drop it in an empty clay flower pot totally out of sight until the next use.
I've always wanted to put little lights on the bushes in front of my home, but I didn't want to mess with cords and plugging them in! I think this was the perfect solution for me...they look like little fairy lights! I used both sets on 2 large bushes and let the sun do it's job. It does have to be dark for them to turn on, but it's such a nice surprise to see the lights turn on in the evening! These are going to look great in front of my house all summer! Glad I chose to buy these!!!
I was sick of all the cheap covers that tear after one season. This is a very durable and great fitting cover! Thank you!
Great product for cold smoking or if your pellet grill needs just a tad bit more smoke! Would definitely recommend purchasing this item!!!
I like this blade. This is not a mulching blade and I don't want to mulch so I replaced my mulching blade with this blade and it cuts much better and does not build up grass clippings under the deck.High quality and I highly recommend.
I am so happy with this table cloth, I'm going to order more. It's a perfect fit for my 48" round table. I got the larger one in medallion. It was not very wrinkled at all and doesn't move when wiping it. I give it 5 stars all around. Would highly recommend.
8/10 seeds have sprouted as of today (roughly 26 days after planting). I'm hopeful that the last two germinate soon, as they did have longer germination ranges noted on the packets. However, every other seed I planted has sprouted successfully and they're thriving. I'm starting everything indoors early so that I have good starts to transplant into my garden this Spring. I will be using these for culinary purposes. If the other two sprout, I will update my review. Update: every seed has now sprouted! The last two took some time but they are germinating. If I had to guess the germination rate for the last to is about 5-10% at best. But at least some sprouted!
These are lovely and elegant. Shipping was super fast and they packed this very well. I will order from them again.
Good buy. Was as stated
Very happy with this brand. This animal repeller was what I was looking for. The product is made of great material and is very durable when it's in the ground. The color is always a beautiful green. I would highly recommend. Thank you!!
My old nozzle finally broke and I found these. They are very heavy duty and easy to use. I love the "Gentle Shower" setting!
For 30 Watts it is ridiculously bright. Actually draws about 22W but I wouldn't want more than the output it'd giving.
The traps are working very well, and are pretty easy to change. I'd recommend them if you have a fruit fly problem.
Came not too long after ordering. Was in great condition and was packed carefully. Super stoked about it.
This model does NOT stick to a window so there isn't any "suction power". This is an Aspect brand feeder... the top of the line as far as hummingbird feeders. No leaking - even in the wind. Special Aspect bee guards (sold separately) really do keep the bees out.
Perfect for my deck and provides excellent shelter from weather and sun.
Very impressed. Incredibly well packaged. Removing the packaging was most of the work but totally worth it for a protected and beautiful product. I am terrible at putting things together. It tooK me about an hour. Now that I know what I'm doing it would take about 35 minutes. This worked out so perfectly we just ordered another! Seats tuck very nicely under the unit when not in use. My wife is thrilled and I got a high five for the choice. LOL
Works awesome! Just make sure it's in enough water..put in a birdbath and works great!
I accidentally broke my other handle and this was a perfect replacement.
These keep my flag up!!
Good trap. Works fine, well made. Good for cats and opossum.
Works great, also catches small mites. One set did not have spare discs with it.
Very nice bright LEDs, only time will tell as far as durability
I ordered 10 bags and 4 came with holes in them so sand was on the floor upon delivery. Not enough that I couldn't sweep up and carry on but still annoying nonetheless.
Love them! Much stronger cord than I anticipated. They look great. The bulbs are bright, glad I didn't go with the brighter bulbs.
Sturdy, good drainage and we'll made.
super cute and design is on both sides.
I have given them top marks however for being simple to operate and being a humane way of keeping bugs etc away from the room. There's no nasty killings, just a noise which turns them away...... I can't hear anything so it's a win win really!
Lightweight! Adjustable settings. Simple to use. I like the lights that flash when metal is detected. You don't have to rely on sound alone. The portable shovel come in handy. I feel like a pro now!
Wow, I never knew these gadgets existed. It makes sharpening a chain saw chain a breeze. You don't even have to remove the chain from the bar. Nice.
Lovely lights. Nice and bright and being there solar work without the need to change batteries or worry about having access to an electrical outlet.
Beautiful flag for my yard. It is the perfect size and looks great.
Easy to put together! I love it.
What I love about this product is that after I finish using the plant I reuse these bags by putting them in the washing machine with some bleach
Best bang for your bucks
This product is very nice and dries fast. I can't say how the sun protection works as we have had little sun to judge if my items will fade or not.
These are really cute. I got them and planted succulents in them and gave them to teachers for gifts.
It looks exactly like the picture. Once all together and filled its very sturdy. My tree has a lot more life since I added this feeder.
Arrived as expected, lights up very brightly, not sure about the strange color it casts on my plants but hope it is what they will need to survive being brought in for the winter.
Perfect fit at a great price
Great cart! Easy to put together my 6 year old did it herself. Also the wheels didn't go flat once a large amount of weight was put on the cart.
Has a place for boobs when you lay on belly to read or to just lay. Comfortable
Love this! It fits perfectly on our porch and the color is so nice! My husband said it wasn't too bad to assembly but he would like to add a few extra screws from sturdiness. And I will buy some seat cushions for it next summer!
So far so good, works great , easy to setup, free extended warranty. Very pleased
All 3 recipients of this as a gift loved it and still talk about how they have recently used it.
Fits and nice price, Longevity?
Love this skull more so cause it represents sone awesome brave courageous outstanding Police officers everywhere totally suppose each and everyone of them. Plus I'm the proud mother of an NYPD OFFICER he is the only that first ordered this skull and now I ordered another for my Husband
Coverage for sink faucet
Incredibly easy to plant. I used a lawn auger with a hand drill. Took about 15 minutes to plant 50 of these!
This patio umbrella is super easy to assemble. Took me less than 2 minutes to open the box and get it ready. Basically just snap two pieces together and that's it. The rotating handle is very convenient to open and close the umbrella. I am definitely using my backyard more on sunny days than before. Love it!
This works great in our birdbath. I love to feed the birds. Love watching them. Want to take care of my year round friends.
It's very powerful and works very well. It's easy to move and clean the car and the backyard. Now I can use no brush to brush dirt that's hard to wash. It can save me time and energy.
I have just about burned my eyeballs out pricing shade Fabric, and was very happy to finally find this product. I use this for my outdoor dog pens to give them some shade , I have tried other products, and this is a great value. This specific color reflects a lot of sunlight, which is a must in these Southeastern summers, and the length is excellent. ***NOTE: this product does not have seamed edges, and it does not have pre-installed grommets (these are the places you'd put a rope or twine through for attaching to a pole or fence, etc.) I recommend that you pick up some plastic or vinyl snap-on grommets, which can be found all over Amazon for a very good price. You just snap those onto whatever shade fabric edge you wish, then you poke a hole through the middle of the grommet, and TA-DA! All you have to do is tie it to wherever you wish to install it.
Item received quickly thanks
This is a lovely addition to my yard. Well-packaged and spins easily in the wind. I was initially a little intimidated by twisting it into shape, but it was easy and looks great. I love it!
Looks just as pictured. it's sturdy and is a great price
They work great on an Intex pool. I bought them to use with another brand and didn't work well with that so I gave them to my friend with an Intex pool and she likes them. They allowed more water to flow so she didn't have to run her pump as long each day.
Great little lights for anything really but I use them as pool light
Delivered on time and was packaged well! I will definitely buy this again
Works very well ,shoots 20 feet to reach the top of our house
Love them. They work.
Very well made product - no imperfections in the glaze or color. Even has the padded feet! I use it for two plants that I display on a mantle.
I'm using this product again this year to keep the birds away from my blueberries. We've had plenty of rain, the berries are growing well, and WE are the ones eating them, once again!
This blanket is HUGE! Way bigger than I anticipated. Great for a family to sit on, or lots of room for a baby to move around on. Very soft on the fleece side. Significantly padded, so it's comfortable to sit on. Folding instructions connected on tag for ease of use/reference. Easy to fold, but because of the size, it's a little tricky to fold with one person. Perfect size when folded to leave in the car to have ready when needed.
Nice and bright, stays lit all night!
I've tried so many pool chemicals but these seem to work the best in keeping my pool clear & in balance. I have well water so that's definitely a challenge. A bit pricey but 1 tablet will easily last a week in my pool with great results. Will definitely buy again!
So far these are pretty awesome!! I even ate dinner on our back deck the other night, without the mosquitos eating me alive!!
Ordered for my boyfriend who was having mice issues since its getting colder out side. Have had it for about a week and so far so good!! no issues as of yet. There were coming in through the garage so have one set up in there and another one in the kitchen area.
Blends in perfectly with the tree
Great product and seller!
They work tremendously well I haven't seen any little creatures
This cover is great so far. I was worried that it would be too thin when i received such a small package, but it is strong and durable. It is just what i needed for my grill.
This was perfect for my project will by from this retailer again
Extended life of our barbecue so we did not have to purchase a new one.
I have not burnt myself nor have I had a problem with feeling the heat when I remove the grate from the grill ~ nice to be able to wash them at the sink after using ~ great pair of gloves
Needed a decent cheap grill set for our camper and this has been perfect. Has everything we needed without taking up too much space.
The instructions are incorrect. It gives a letter to the screws but the size description does not match. Hopefully it doesn't fall apart. Otherwise a nice glider.
So easy to use, light weight, and both male and female ends are free to attach to whatever you choose. I had one from a different company and I could not separate the nozzle it came with to attach to my sprinkler. I have had the garden hose only one day, but it is exactly what I needed.
This is a great product at a reasonable price.
It is exactly what I was looking for at a lower cost than other places. It was packaged very well when I received it and it holds a 10 inch pot. It is very durable and looks amazing with my white pot.
Liked how the 50' hose reached twice as far as my old one. This hose has a smaller diameter than the original hose that came with the power washer which is nice. No problems
Love it! Very easy to install even for a woman. Hopefully no more dented or destroyed mailboxes and/or posts.
Waiting to see results, but great transaction!
It's very quiet and the effect is good.
Overall experience is great the 5050 LEDs are very powerful only used about 3 foot behind my desk and I really don't need more . Wifi dongle was very simple to use and setup can recycle the rest of the strip for another project !
Arrived earlier than expected. Very pleased with product.
Started indoors, good germination rate, healthy babies. Just got outdoors and look great.
My bird family that lives in our back yard loved this bird food. They are flying in from the neighborhood. Thank you for providing nourishment and joy to my family of birds.
I use this on my puppy to prevent ticks or fleas. It truly works! I noticed he doesn't itch like he used to as well. I highly recommend pet parents to use this instead of harsh chemicals.
ready to go, easy to use, and works!
They are exactly as advertised. Very nice piece of art. We ended up getting four of them, they look great.
I have had a similar table for years, but it kept falling apart. On the old one, the legs were attached directly to the plastic top, and the screws kept pulling out. This one from Lifetime is much better, with the legs attached to a metal framework. It's actually much easier to set up than my old one as well. For those complaining about a lack of instructions, there is a pictorial instruction on the bottom of the table, although it should not even be necessary. You simply pull up the legs to the desired height, then pull the trigger to squeeze the legs together so they will slide into the holes in the framework. Yes, it will take both hands, but I don't see that as a problem. When you're done with the table, it folds up easily and the legs snap into place against the top to make it easy to store. This is an excellent design and should last a really long time.
Handsome side table. Simple to assemble and has a rich finish. We'll see how it holds up.
Good size when extended and sturdy even with our jumbo sized marshmallows. Super convenient to store so no complaints here
I'm very pleased with my purchase! Package arrived early and was well put together. The very first thing I did after pulling the plant out of the box was give it water and let it sit in the window for a couple of days to help reduce shock from traveling. Planted the little guy a couple of days after receiving and he's doing great!! Read online it's best to have moss or something to cover its roots, this vine likes direct/indirect sunlight on the leaves but the roots like to stay cool, I live in Texas so keeping anything cool during the summer is always a challenge. I also water every other day to ensure over watering doesn't occur as this plant likes soils that drain well. But overall, I can't wait til it's full grown. The vine is fairly low maintenance which is perfect for me. Will train it to grow on a fence for more privacy. Highly recommended would buy again.
I really like the coating on the probe, much better than the one that came with the flame boss.
Great product at a great price!
My room looks cute and aesthetically pleasing with these lights on my wall and I love the little remote to change the setting and the brightness 💯 worth it
I applied this around the house and swept it into the cracks on the deck and porch. Watered it in and it is amazing the bugs that have either dropped dead or not wandered in to the area. Will buy again.
I love the colorful handles, it allows each person to have their own and not use someone else's. The telescoping handle is sturdy and makes storing them when not in use so easy. I'd recommend these to anyone who loves a good campfire
Fit perfectly. Shipping was fast and well packaged.
This umbrella is SO nice and is just the right size for my small circle patio table. It is light weight and easy for me to put away when not in use. I wish that the umbrella came with a base because I have been having a hard time trying to find a quality base.
Very sturdy and easy to set up.
Okay, I am in love with this hose! It is freaking awesome. It is very sturdy and easy to wrap up. the nozzle has all kinds of different spay options on it. It works perfect and I am more than happy with my purchase and would recommend this hose to anyone with a garden or someone who uses a hose often!
Excellent Item ! No more bending over to scoop leaves and lawn clippings up. Wish I had known about it years ago. Makes my yard work a speedy breeze, and we have a large corner lot, with 5 large Oak trees. Just be sure that the Bag Butler Logo is facing you, hold the handles with one hand, then insert the Bag Butler into a plastic lawn bag. It then pops open in the bag. Works like a huge dust pan, and just as fast as the demo video shows !!!
Super easy to use! Cuts very well!
I got this for a part of our house that is mostly closed off because of the dogs. We often get rodents in there and can hear them crawling about at night. They were too smart for traps. After reading about this new modern technology that cycles through different frequencies to keep pests away I thought I would give it a try. So far so good, we haven't heard sound one of any unwanted pests scurrying around at night.
Item looks ok so far
Sturdy, easy to attach. Half the price. We got 2 for price of 1.
These mushrooms are easy to grow and fun to watch. Any advise on harvesting them properly so they grow again?
Some friends and I are planning a Tuscany trip and I had these on the mantle for one of our planning sessions! A big hit!! Think I might keep them there!
Great product, got the job done. Definitely took some work to walk with these on, so get ready for a work out.
These skewers were perfect for my Caprese Kabobs!
wonderful product. the best money can buy
Exactly as described
Good quality and easy to fill
Very pretty stone, love it.
These colorful little lights are GREAT!!!! It looks even better than I thought. Bright and warming. I am going to hang them up at my house for Christmas. I highly recommend buying one for decoration! I probably going to buy another pack afterward.
This product throws a nice stream, despite low pressure. Took a few minutes to set in the ground and a few more to adjust. Amazing alternative to costly inground system.
Very cute beach theme decor! Product is exactly as described. Great for putting near the door to hang keys or dog leashes. I am very satisfied with this item.
Perfect plant accessory for my backyard patio
Nice price and does the job!
Really like the solid brass ends on this hose. Very solid. Had a green one of another brand but it started leaking badly where it screwed onto the facet. The hose expands and contracts as advertised. I plan on purchasing a 100' one for the front yard.
Growing just like the package said. Good product.
Great product! Can't understand why there are 4 leaf springs? When you only need 2
Now this are some beautiful beautiful solar torch lights I'm in love with 😍 them they were soo easy to assemble and they look so cool and nice they are also pretty tall . I love them so much
Very nice stands, brought plants off the floor and gave a good finished decorative look to the flower pots.
This product has been ideal in 'stapling' weed block fabric in place. My style of gardening is to lay down weed block on one day and get some bags of mulch another day. Since I tend to lay down more weed block than my vehicle has the capacity to carry mulch, large areas take a few days before they are properly weighed down in place. However, this has allowed me to see the benefits of the staples, especially for areas that overlap each other. The staples work best with hard packed soil areas. Loose soil is a bit harder to work with. I have one area that has been stapled in place without mulch added yet for over a week. It has held down the weed block during high winds and rough weather.
If you want heavy duty stakes - these are the ones to buy!
Beautiful arrived in time for the 4th
These were fantastic!! Have bought several and they have collapsed. These DID NOT! They stayed sturdy!
It's easy to put them on, it has a beautiful glow. It made our Christmas decoration even more special.
To hang on our deck it's beautiful
Used it for my unground pool side pressure cleaner. Very easy install. Works perfectly. Saved me lots of money by doing it myself!
You get what you pay for. Sort of thin, but fits my 10x10 perfectly. Holds very little water after a rain and I haven't noticed any leaks. I would buy this again.
Needed this piece to replace a broken item on my pool vacuum. Item worked and the price was perfect.
Great product... more user friendly than most others and allows for non app operations as well... huge plus... easy install in under 15 minutes
nice variety pack. this is just what I was looking for
This product was exactly what I was hoping for. I noted immediately that all of the strands worked since there were some reviewers that had problems. There is a teeny little piece of plastic that needs to be pulled out of the battery compartment before the strand would work. Some of these pieces of plastic had fallen quite far into the battery compartment which might have left some reviewers thinking it was out. I had no problems with my lights working and they were exactly what was advertised and exactly what I expected. I am using them for Halloween costumes but they are so pretty I may recycle them afterwards to put in a vase or something for a decoration!
Fit great , showed up on time, can't ask for more. Seriously I'd deal with them again
I was really cautious about getting this planter because there's so many out there on Amazon that end up being a lot smaller than the picture shows, but this one is exactly the size that I expected and needed!
I've had this tree for almost 8 weeks now and it is thriving! Arrived well packaged and intact!
This product is great. I use it every night before going to bed, and I can see a major difference. I have been fascinated for life! Will buy more!
Came nice and neatly packaged..great value for my succulents
Oh a crafting knife! I don't quite know how to use it correctly, you know I am a sichuan educated girl in the field of gardening.
It really works! My plants love it . Buy it
Easy to use and lightweight
Fantastic! THIS has been a life saver. We live in the south and the mosquitos are huge! THIS has made it great being out by the pool!!!! No bug bites !!!
Works exactly as I intended. I wanted it to hang flower boxes on my chainlink fence.
We needed this for a very large pot and this one fit it perfectly. Very strong, 4 rolling legs and a nice powder coating. Excellent purchase.
This product finally fulfills all my satisfaction about deterring the creatures from entering my backyard, including mice, cat, birds, etc. I planted some fruit trees and vegetables in my backyard which is a perfect food court and playground for all kinds of animals. I have tried different types of products in the past such as rat bait, blinking lights, and so on, none of them work efficiently. This all-in-one product makes my dream come true. Do you have the same frustration like I used to have? If so, buy it now, enjoy it soon!
cuts vines and brush very well
This was a great buy. I never realized how much I needed this in the kitchen and to be able to use outside with the grill.
These worked the way I expected them to.
Love these. Looks great outside and okay through the seasonal changes/weather.
my grandfather has a greenhouse he keeps flowers and veggies in. Normally he would take a garden hose and hold his finger over the hole. when he put this together now all he has to do is turn the water on and everything is watered at the same time. Absolutely wonderful product, he wants another one for his birthday
Smells really awful and hard to get spilled stuff smell off your hands (my pump leaked). Hope it works as advertised.
Great replacement flowers!! Better than the originals!
I am impressed with quality and function of handle.
Always wanted a hammock. The first stand I bought was wood. Beautiful, but my 16 year old grandson flipped out of it. Then it cracked. Gone! This holds my 14' double wide beautifully. Set it up on my deck for sunning and lazing . Sturdy and easy to set up.
Nice, sturdy and bright second set I bought
These are my reusable bags for yard waste. They are so much easier than using trash bags and hold more than the 2 garbage cans I use as yard waste cans and are easier to store. I do wish I would have gotten a size down as these are really huge and I'm afraid they will be too hard to manage for the sanitation workers to dump into the truck if I fill them too full.
Great for me as anew gardener
These gloves are great for use in a hot BBQ.
This barbeque light is a great addition to my grill. Grilling at night used to be a problem, there was never enough light, so I couldn't see if the meat was cooked right and lots of times it came out burnt. This is a powerful light with a strong magnet and a long neck so I can position it on the side of the grill and see exactly how cooked the meat is without overcooking it. This is a must for anyone that grills at night.
Liked them n easy to install
Easy to use sturdy supports for roses and peonies.
This is my second of these vacuum heads. My first one lasted about 15 years. After being unable to find another I tried many other types and brands that were all short-lived. This is the best.
No gloves last forever, but these are my favorite for fit/sizing and durability. I don't have a complaint about them.
Very comfortable and far less money than others.
Works great and is perfect size to let my baby succulents grow!
I have use this impact umbrella three times and I love it, I really love the ability to tilt it and block the direct sun while you are sitting Awesome beach umbrella
Not much to say. They're good. Box showed up in good condition.
The solar cover is very good quality.
Every seed germinated resulting in huge healthy plants and gourds.
Works great second one. Last one lasted 5 years
Even though I saw mixed reviews, I thought I try them anyway. They actually work well in my house. I'm quite pleased. No more mouse.
Very easy to set up, and results the first night. Evidence of mice in my closet. Set this up the day I received it and caught him that night. No harm to the mouse and he was released in a wooded area far from my home. Definitely recommend.
From packaging to the product you can tell Fox & Fern cares about attention to detail. The adjustable stand looks good, functions perfect and easy to set-up.
This item was the perfect replacement.
Professional look, visible from the sidewalk its nice.
It did the job. It work like I needed
Excellent sizes. beautiful colors, fast delivery. great packaging = wife loves them
Very tiny plants but healthy, smaller than what you think because of the pictures. I also have the same question if I should separate them or let them grow together. We live in California and they're doing good.
My favorite plant in the world. The third I've bought from this seller. ALL beautiful healthy plants.
Significant improvement in cleaning over my old unit. I did find the instructions on cutting the hose confusing - I watched a couple of Utube videos to confirm my understanding.
Super easy to assemble. Works great to hold my plant.
So small and cute, perfect gift to the plant lover!
I took a chance on this product, I have a really deformed spine and have a terrible time sleeping. I bought this hoping that it would help. I'm 75% disabled and sleeping is a real problem for me. I got this, no assemble required, opened it up and layed down on it. I was sound asleep in less then 10 minutes. This is the first time that I have been able to sleep for more than a couple of hours in a row, in years. I'm cursed with being a "short sleeper" I can sleep for a couple of hours and my energy is replenished. I've used it now for about three of four days. If I need a boost of energy I just lay on it and I'm gone into la-la land within in a few minutes. I would recommend it for anyone that has a problem sleeping. It is totally comfortable. I don't feel like I'm sleeping on air but it relieves all the pressure on my spine. It does work for me. I only weight 170 pounds and I'm 5'10" so it is plenty big enough for me.
I am so glad that I purchased the Solar Charger 25000 mAh battery power bank. It has kept all of my devises charged. The power bank stays charged for hours, especially if the sun is out. I'm glad I invested in this devise.
This stays by my side in the garden. As a hand weeder, it does an amazing job. I also use the full sized tool also.
She loved it and says the sounds are just beautiful!
I have replaced most of my quick connectors for my garden hoses with these connectors. They are very well built, are easy to use and they don't leak. So far I have purchased 4 sets.
Nothing to dislike so far. We haven't had it long enough to rate durability.
Arrived in perfect shape and within weeks it has taken off! I highly reccomend and it came quickly
Great product, used a YouTube video to see how they turned on. I thought they would only last a couple hours, two days later they are still going.
Great Deal and Good pricing.
Right out of the box this was very easy to install. It took about three hours total. I really love the red color. It really pops. This was just what our backyard needed.
Worked perfectly as described
It arrived in pristine condition! No spillage of breaks. I bought this as a gift to my sisters and my mother-in-law so I hope their arrive in perfect condition too. Great value for the price!
great product, quick service.
As a recreational griller at best, I did a lot of research on pellet grills. Depending on what you want, size wise, I will vouch for the brand that everything works. Steady temp, easy Wi-fi connections, great customer service. I would suggest if you are cooking for more than 4, you should look at their bigger units.
I spent a lot of money on rats, but they were not very useful and some of them were dangerous to my dog. Since I bought this product, all the problems have been solved. No more annoying moles bother me.
I liked everything about my lights
I really like this pest repeller so far. Pretty straight-forward directions. Just press button at top to change setting. I have dogs in the house. Doesn't bother them at all. I definitely recommend getting this one if you have not tried it.
This mosquito killer is good for killing many mosquitoes
I bought this as a gift and on sale - they loved how this comes with a tote. The tools feel well made and it has a great variety of items.
Super cute. Serves the purpose!
5 star durability based on other like hoses. I love these type of hoses as hand and wrist pains keep me from using regular hoses. I have had this brand before and it lasted two years for me. in the last six months of trying other brands i went through 4 of those. anyhow this appears to be the best of its kind.
Quality better than expected for the price.Beautiful shape, strong handle. It's worth gong'mai.Quality better than expected for the price.
Such a beatiful storage case, the tongs worked well and easy to pick up pork or other food.It's flexible.
Great service good to do business with
It is wonderful all the way round. Would recommend it to anyone who likes deep tone chimes. Well made!
My husband ordered this and he wonders why he never had one before. He LOVES it. He says it totally saves on his back, very handy!
I am an avid gardener and I received this as a gift for Mother's Day. The storage bag is sturdy, is a very good size and can hold many items. The tools are well made and work very well ( not to mention so pretty!) I will admit that one of the pairs of gloves contained 2 right handed gloves, not a pair, so I am not able to use them. However, I would highly recommend this gardening tool set.
My needs are not complicated and so shopped for value. Using for wintering over herbs and flowering plants and happy with how they are responding.
Like the stiff rim for leave loading. it is also not so large that it becomes too heavy to handle when full. Happy- great product
Very happy with this. Covers the Briggs and Stratton generator very well
This is a beautiful item and made very well. My mom had mentioned wanting to get it for Memorial Day. I had seen it on here and ordered it. It was a great price for the product.
I bought this for a romantic picnic, it was perfect. It's lightweight and carries all of the utensils needed. If you're a picnic lover, you definitely will need this backpack. I am really excited to use this all summer for picnics, parties or going to beach!
It really works like the manual said. My house is under construction, there is lots of flies and mosquitoes. Whole insects were gone. I like features lots of LED lights, it attracts insects.
Works great no issues.
Beautiful! I can't wait to see these with the rest of my Christmas decorations. They really add so much to the ambiance of the house, that I think I will put them in my bedroom when Christmas is over. I will add pictures soon.
Good deal, worked just fine
Lights are nice and the adhesive tape works great. Easy to setup.
I purchased this just prior to Thanksgiving. My husband loved the fried turkey from Popeye's each year but they were getting more and more expensive and they didn't taste the same as the first year. They didn't even say fried anymore so I wanted to find something better. He was nervous with the oil of the turkey fryer's so I thought I'd try this. It was the easiest and best thing ever. The turkey tasted great! The skin wasn't real crispy like you would expect for a freshly fried bird but we don't eat the skin anyway. All I have to do was put the thawed bird (already seasoned and cleaned) in the cooker and turn it on. 2 and half hours later it was done. No more late nights or early mornings up cooking turkey all day. Clean up was easy too. It was well worth the price. I just used it to cook a turkey New Years day and it was delicious. I will be using this more often. It already paid for 2 turkeys from Popeye's.
It is a great value for lawn blade sharpening. Now after using the sharpeners cuts a lot easier.My family also likes it very much.Excellent value.I would recommend and buy again. love it.
We put this umbrella anchored with a couple of large stones and it did not move at all very happy with my purchase, I think it will last us a long time
I once had a greenhouse over twice this size and found it not only was too large for my needs, but the wind on my deck would catch it and make it fall over. That one had wheels, and watching it spin and move around before it toppled was like something out of a movie. Wishing and hoping I would find a shorter one, closer to the ground, I was happy to see this one. This past Spring, this little guy had more than enough room for all my seedlings, and it's short enough so that the wind won't catch it (and I don't have to chain it to my deck posts). It folds up easily, assembles and disassembles easily and works great!
This hummingbird feeder is very nice. I have two feeders and the birds are going to this feeder more than the old one.
So far it is working quite well. I like being able to plug it into my machine's USB port. Hope it lasts a decent length of time, so far about a month.
Like the lock feature on the nozzle. Orchids are thriving. Would order again.
I ordered these on a whim because the mosquitos have been awful at my home. Since plugging them in, I am shocked to say I haven't seen one mosquito in my house! I never would have believed it, but they work amazingly.
Started with the self propelled mower last year and was tremendously surprised at the power and ease of use. Expanded to the chainsaw, blower and weedwacker this year (uses the same battery) and an equally impressed. Used the chainsaw to cut up a fallen ash tree and it cut it up like butter. Great torque!!
Product arrived on time and was very well packaged. Worked like a charm. Now the grandsons have a go kart that works.
I have not used it yet due to lack of snow. but so far I likes the size and the easy electric start.
Good product for the value of it.
Great quality plants. Growing much better than cheaper one purchased at Lowe's.
Great product ! Works just like advertised
Just beautiful for the deck
This is a great grill basket! Whoever came up with this idea is a genius! It seems to be made very well and I think it'll last for a long time. Great size for throwing your vegetables in on the grill and the holes are small enough that you won't have to worry about the smallest veggies falling out. I gave this as a gift to my husband who loves grilling and it was a hit! I would highly recommend this product!
Excellent product, holds many shoes and keeps your floor dry.
air filter on twin 22 hp kohler engine.
I ordered to have spare o rings if needed
The packaging is well designed and seems strong and durable enough to last out the life of the product. The seal works very well. The bracelets themselves are very light and flexible, and would not cause any discomfort. The smell of the product is very strong, but I assume that would help with the insect repellency. A good assortment of colours to satisfy every member of the family. Unfortunately, it's the wrong time of year to test the products effectiveness. I look forward to using them next year.
All the lady bugs were alive and are literally through out my backyard. I will be getting some green lace wings next and some praying mantises.
These shears are awesome! They are very sharp. They make pruning so much easier. I love that I got 2 pairs for the price of one. One pair I use for outdoor use. The other pair I keep in my kitchen.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do.
I've had this for a couple months now. i can't speak on how long it will last, it doesn't seem heavy duty. I image that this could easily burst by stepping on this while it is extended or pulling it through rough terrain or thorns. But mine has held up and I love it. No more hauling my huge hose out and rolling it back up. using my hose used to be a pain in the ass, but this one makes it super easy. I paid around $20 and it's easily worth that.
Does a great job of hiding odor.
I had low water pressure and used the gauge to adjust the pressure. I received the gauge is a timely manner.
Works great! I use it to put water in the camper. Instead of filling the tank to the top and only using a 1/4 of the water and dumping the rest when I get home.
Exactly what I wanted!
Item as described; good value; AAA+ seller; quick shipping.
The chimes are great - just as expected!
use this when we went to the beach and was great.
Perfect. I support our police.
These lights are cool as hell! Comes with a remote. I've had them running for a solid 2 weeks since I got them and had no problems yet.
It's great for an outdoor flag. It's well made and the fabric seems very sturdy.
I love this grill set. It has everything you could want and is the perfect gift. I gave it to my brother and he loves it so I'm considering getting another one for myself. It's very compact and easy to store as well.
Loved this . Looks beautiful . Super sturdy . We have to flags on it and works great
Just wait for summer to come and I'll be waiting for the summer to bring the kids to the barbecue.
I had a huge soil gnat problem thanks to buying that Miracle Gro potting mix. I put these traps out, and within only a few days the problem was reduced in severity. I still have the odd gnat, but they are almost all gone. What a relief! Out of the 12 sticky traps, 2 fell off the stick. This adhesive is very strong, so I was really surprised that happened. Overall, though, these are a great way to handle soil gnats. Easy, cheap, and nontoxic. I will buy another pack to keep in reserve, and put these out at the very start if I get another infestation.
Once this laser was sighted in, it works great. Easy to install, easy to use, and cost make this a great deal! I already ordered a couple more for my other bug a salt guns.
I purchased these globes in hopes of wall decor and they do the job and my plants looks great displayed in them.
I love this garden flag! It is beautiful. It is made with excellent high quality material. The opening at the top is wide enough for the side pole on my lamppost. This reminds me of my Evergreen garden flags. Highest quality.
Best loppers I ever used! They easily cut through small branches, and the extended length enables me to reach a lot more from the ground. Some reviews said the extended arms bent with use, but so far I have no trouble with them.
Exactly what I was looking for. Much brighter than I expected which is perfect for my situation.
The pruning shears work well and are a great bargain. I would buy again.
These were just as advertised, and arrived as promised. If you water in them (!) they do a great job keeping ants off the hummer feeders.
These worked as promised and i love that theyre biodegradable
fits perfect, good quality.
We use 2 of these for our catering business. Keeps food or drinks cool for hours. very sturdy
I love these mid century modern style planters. This one fits in nicely with my decor. It's large enough to hold a big plant, but sleek in design so it doesn't overwhelm the space. And, the price on this pot plus planter is outstanding! I highly recommend it.
It was a little hard to push and twist into the hose. I even put a little grease inside the hose before I started. Put a pair of gloves on and keep twisting and pushing and it will eventually go on. That is good though, because after you install the screw clamps on it you could probably pull a car with the hose and the clamp would not come off.
No problems at all...As promised
perfect for cleaning smaller fish. wish it came with an umbrella!!! Hahaha! Wife is happy I'm not cleaning fish in the kitchen sink anymore!
Works like a charm, safe on the resident feline, and safer for the many, many squirrels we have. Great customer service and quick delivery!
It is really nice for BBQ Very very safe and have the rubber on it. It also fits my hand very well. Totally it is so great!
all my plants were on the floor and I wanted simple stands to raise them. i was amazed how sturdy the structure it. i have a really heavy ceramic pot that is holding a palm plant and the stand holds that weight without a problem! I liked it so much i bought another tall size and a medium size for the rest of my plants
Plaque came quickly and was just as attractive as in the photo. Easy to install. Matches my house perfectly
I was skeptical when I saw the size of the box but gosh darn it, its huge! It looks great, inflates fast and stores in a less than a shoe box. I cant wait to put it up in a couple weeks.
I bought this as an experiment to use cooking, for an example making hard candies/suckers and reaching "ball" temp. I was looking for a new type of thermometer other than a candy thermometer and this seems to work well. I don't know how perfect it is because my other thermometer broke (glass...) but we have yummy candies now that seem to have been made right at temp.
Just the right size for low to moderate humming bird activity.
These came packaged so nicely and I was so excited to get them. I have them in my window box and 1 month later they are growing vigorously.
Very happy customer 😊
GREAT PRICE FOR GREAT PRODUCT!
I recently planted vines on 90 ft of fence. The brand name drippers would have cost me $35. These work just as well and cost far less...... and I have many left over for the next project. Highly reccomend! Buy a lifetime supply now while they're still cheap !
Great product, and easy to install. Does what it's supposed to do!
Due to my area where the hose is being used it was perfect for storing and still extending long enough to reach my garden area. I am very happy with the product and its performance.
This item was received the next day after ordering! Well packaged, very sturdy.
Exactly what I needed and everything fit.
I have been using for six months, once per month on outside house foundation and bushes. So far no bugs and we live in Florida.
Very easy to handle, a little noisy
Well made! Durable. Looks so nice! I will order from this company again.
Easy to place in garden. Good customer service for return and replace. Look great in yard.
Perfect fit and quieter then the OEM belt.
These little pots are so cute and perfect for our deck! The handles are sturdy, and the color selection super fun. The colors are nicely saturated. I had to drill holes in the bottom, but that's not a big deal. I'm really happy with this purchase
Very happy with the pools, I used them for my dogs.
Lasts about an hour. Enough time to mow my front lawn and most of my back lawn. Good quality battery.
I purchased this flag on Amazon Day Prime for 16 bucks. I'm very pleased. The stars on the flag consist of thick tightly knit threads that stand out boldly. The overall quality is great and it looks great on my flagpole. Thanks to the company for making a good flag, and thanks to Amazon for offering this item at such a great price.
Easy install all fasteners included , works perfectly
Nice accessory to my SUV. Good quality. Sticker works well, been on about 3-4 weeks and if still sticks
These lights are amazing. I use them to illuminate my American flag at night. The lights are waterproof and very reliable, unlike many solar lights which work well initially and then just stop working. These spotlights have worked reliably, day in and day out for months now. It's incredible how much light these put out, and they last all night here in Southern California, even during the winter months when we get a number of overcast days.
Bought as a replacement after only a few months. The lower plastic fastener broke after only 1 time changing out faded American flag.
Arrived on time in perfect condition.
I love them. They are cute. Would buy again.
This is a great product. It did the job and much more. It kept the pool clean to and retain the chemical.
Opened the pool and was shocked at how clean the water was!! I now use this and the Spring pill EVERY YEAR to open & close my pool.....nothing else needed!
The packet of seeds came in only a few days. Great quality and service.
exactly what I needed and the tan is much nicer than green
I bought this based on the previous reviews and I was not disappointed. I did unfortunately get a big whiff when mixing the bait, but the flies loved it. I will definitely buy more.
Exactly as shown. It sits in the flower garden in front of my house. Comes extremely well packed.
Quick & easy to put together. Has adjustable tilt and crank open/close.
We are VERY impressed with these lights beside our front sidewalk. We've been going through almost 2 weeks of overcast and rainy weather and they are still very bright. 50 lumens is definitely the way to go if you're seeking the brightest lighting. We purchased 6 lights and couldn't be happier.
Since I just got them I haven't had much time to use them yet, just a couple of snips here and there. But, so far they are great! I absolutely love the handle grip, it fits and forms great in my hand. THE BLADES SEEM TO BE REALLY SHARP TOO.
Really nice, very bright! Love them!
Great product for the price, works well I like the stream that it produces
I purchased these to use as rain shoes , they are perfect to wear with anything . Slacks, jeans, shorts or even a dress if need be. They are comfortable and rain , waterproof. Love the designs that are available too. Glad I purchased these instead of rain boots , these are more versatile .
No muss no fuss easy to work easy to move and stunning at night. Better than many of the ones I have seen for twice as much money. simple pump system would be easy to replace if broken.
Very cool for the price just as described kids loved it
Plant was received in good packaging. There were new growth on the plant. Since I brought the plant there are 3 new plants growing. I only watered this plant twice this month.
In the process of installing it. Can't wait to see how it works.
Save yourself the time and effort and spend 13 cents per fire!
So cute, pleasingly heavy enough and works just as well as expected!
Excellent fabric and stands up to strong winds
Good product. Arrive on time and good condition. Fit perfect on my grill
This flag looks like the original!
Fit was perfect and assembly was a breeze. I took a chance on a used model figuring it was probably a return from someone who ordered the wrong base. Worked like a charm, perfect condition with hardware and mine was like new. Saved a significant amount of dough so it worked for me. Note: the design was slightly different than my original as this updated model was a bit sturdier in design because of the changed geometry of the base. However, all holes lined up with my ~30 year old base and the fit was fine.
My husband and I are just starting to grow. These lights are perfect for our garage and our little bids are already poking through the soil just after 3 days.
The lights work very well and can be used together with one remote, or separately with 2 remotes. They were used in a stage production and were bright enough to be seen well from the audience.
These are very pretty. I received some for Christmas and liked them so much I ordered more and gave some for a friend's birthday gift. They loved them too.
Bought it as a gift and Mom thought it was perfect
I don't know why my canopy tent didn't come with a case but I was so tired of dusting off the canopy legs before each use and then having to find the top hidden in a different corner of the garage... this keeps it all together very nicely!
Love it super easy to put together and works perfectly
They are battery operated, so it's very easy to use
It gets full sun all day and lasts late into the night/morning. Love these lights.
I was hesitant at first to buy these, seeing as they'd be shipped through the mail. But I was not disappointed! Were extremely well packaged, with care taken to make sure the plants didn't get broken in transit. I took a pic of the box they came in (I had already taken some out, but you can clearly see how tight they were so as not to move around). I took them all out and set them outside per the included instructions, and they look perfect! I think there was one tiny broken leaf in the box. I would definitely order from here again, and highly recommend for anyone looking to use these cute little succulents for favors. Hoping my guests at a baby shower will love them too!
Easy to use, just the right weight, and supports on grass, soil and concrete. Also, easy to take in the car when working on volunteer garden projects.
Leans sometimes and the sun discolor a little so far, but the led is an awesome touch and like the storage ability and chemical adjustment
very comfortable and fits great on my king size bed, the pockets are deep enough that it fully covers my mattress, very very nice
Lights are brighter but subtle. Nice addition to the deck.
Work well and look very pretty at night.
Second one is way better thanks appreciate it very good looking little tree
Have used the soap cannon and tips many times for various projects. I have never been disappointed.
It takes 3 weeks to fully repel each & every rodent from your house.
Fast Delivery Worked Great!
I love this set, shipping was really fast. My backyard is now complete and I couldn't be more happier with this purchase. Installation was at first a bit confusing but once I got the hang of the first piece, the rest was a piece of cake. Don't hesitate, you won't regret it.
Love these. They decorate my living room eaves.
I loved this product in my mini succulent arrangements, it worked perfect and seems to be keeping my plants well drained and happy.
I really like this plant stand. I have many plants and needed something to display them on.
This is just what I wanted. Something very simple but stylish to disguise the ugly planter that came with a plant I ordered. I would definitely recommend.
Love these around the base of our arbor. Hold charge well so far!
Started to work immediately
I got them for my holiday baking, my MIL who's obsessed with baking loved them, so I got her a set for Easter. They are genuinely the best, easy clean and nothing sticks to the baking pans
These plants cane in extremely good condition. So green and relaxing. Out of the 30 planted only only tried to die and it came back and is also thriving.
Keeps drinks cold for the whole day. I usually use it for an 8 hour work shift, leave it in my car in the Georgia heat and the drinks stays cool the entire time.
Lightweight, simple and efficient-what else do you need.
Solid, great price. I weigh 230 and this step is solid.
This is exactly what we were working for and has held up under the strains of carrying daily lunches for a middle-schooler!
I planted seeds in pot on kitchen counter, gave water. Shazam, got greens snipped and ate. Numb. With damp paper towel to sprout.
I was surprised how large this was! it fits out entire patio table and 2 other chairs with room to spare! The quality is great! It was easy to put on and now I can relax a bit knowing my new patio furniture is safe from the elements. The set came packaged very condensed but opens easily. great deal too!!
The directions were very clear and diagrams made it very simple to put together.This chair came partially assembled, which was very nice.
These were great - bought 3 sets. Blends with the landscape and perfect. We originally bought metal stakes from Home Depot and they began rusting in a few days.
I bought these to stake down landscape fabric and soaked hoses for my vegetable garden. They are great. Super sharp and strong. Holding well so far. Easy to put in, even in the rocky edges of my plot.
These make housecleaning and bathing the dogs in the tub much easier, Wish I had bought them years ago, and purple is my favorite color.
could be smaller so its not very visible when used
The insulation blanket worked great. My backflow valve froze prior to using the blanket. It has not froze since I covered it with the blanket
on time delivery, the item is in excellent condition!
The grill cover looks very sturdy but only time will tell how well it holds up to up state NY weather. It fits a Broil King grill perfectly.
We have only just received them. So far they are great. From what I can tell they will be used a lot this spring and summer. The color is always nice and vibrant
Could be a bit larger.
The inclusion of an easy to use/fill soap reservoir with this spray head works well. The ultra soft wash mit included with this set is great ar removing set in dirt without scratching. Great product, would highly recommend it.
Product exactly as described. Works great
Really good quality. Looks really nice on the hottub
Like the B-52 that I purchased from Joel, the plant arrived quickly and in good condition. After the initial adjustment of being potted and having some leaves/traps blacken, they are doing very well in terms of putting on new growth.
It's heavy, and sturdy. Will get the job done. The blade is very sharp.
Very pretty! Arrived well packed. I also ordered air plants from Amazon.
Work great on our cub cadet weed cutter. Good quality!
Just what I wanted. Thanks.fast delivery.
This product is exactly what I was looking for. It holds a lot of my pool toys and very strong.
*I recieved this Free for Product Review* So far so good. I have been able to test this set with over a dozen different carburetors without any issues. Most of the bits seem to be well cast and have good handles on them. I am hesitant as to how long the cleaning brushes will last, but so far they seem to be holding up very well. *Received this free with review*
I am glad I found this. It saves me so much time. I am a lazy person who don't want to spend much time on gardening and watering. It can adjust angle and how much water you want to come out. It's very fixable.
This unit was just what I needed to display plants on my backyard patio. It was well protected in its packaging, and no scratches. It was very easy to put together. This unit is sturdy, well designed and beautiful. I get compliments from my neighbors and guests to my home. I dressed it up with colorful pots. Love it. Thank you for this beautiful item.
WE HAVE BEEN FEEDING THE BEES IN THIS STRANGE WEATHER WHERE THERE IS FEW FLOWERS IN BLOOM. THIS HAS BEEN A REAL HELP IN KEEPING THE HIVES STRONG WITH FEW LOSSES. WE CONTINUE THIS DURING THEIR WINTER FEEDING
I just sprinkled seeds onto topsoil and watered. A couple months later they look amazing.
Easy to install and is presently doing the job
The ONLY negative thing I can say is, this product still obeys the laws of physics. It doesn't miracle the bugs away into the shadow realm so you have to clean the trap out. That means freshly caught bugs are not dead. When you open it up to clean it out, the healthy ones make a break for it. Be prepared to slap a plastic bag or rag over the opening so you can catch them all.
durable, good quality, and a good size to be displayed on lawn.
Typical of such products and good price.
Love this bag. Good quality. Nice size, big, roomy. Could use it for anything. Initially was going to use this as a laundry hamper, but now instead will use it in the car (without the ring) to bring in groceries and shopping bags. When not in use, can fold up in car and it will not take up a lot of room. Just love multipurpose items. Maybe someday, I'll even use it in the garden for what it was designed for!
Fits perfectly and arrived quickly.
One thing I want to point out; if you are looking for lights that are super bright, these are not them and I wouldn't want them any brighter. Remember, they aren't porch lights. They are meant to give you a bit of light to see the path or accentuate your planters. If you are looking for lights that look great, are inexpensive and easy to use without being so bright that your plants think it's daytime all night, pick up a set or two. They're great.
Best product ever! I use the item in my home safe to help with the moisture. Have used it in the past and would not use anything else.
Went right on, worked great. My edger now starts on the first pull, every time.Definitely better than taking it to a repair shop.
Theres nothing I liked about it. Did not do the job. I changed my rating from 1 to 5 stars because of the way the company responded to my first review.
This patio umbrella cover is working out great!
easy to use does a wonderful job - wish we had purchased years ago. worth every penny.
I have been putting my grill in garage. I put this cover on my grill. This's still in indoor. As summer is in the corner, hopefully it's saving my time to move it back and out each use. Will post another review once I experience it in outdoor.
Very durable, good product
I plugged it next to the bay window where usually had small bugs and spiders. I like the results.
I edged my lawn with this dual purpose unit and its a real beauty. Razer sharp accurate. This is a really nice tool. Don't hesitate buying it. Your lawn will be glad you did.
Hold super for two years outside already
It is nice and beautiful fence, good for plant and poppy.
These are great. I bought some 4 to 1 connectors to simplify the wiring but they're still great panels.
Bought this for my friend. I already have 4 of this. It really works. That's why I will recommend it to everyone.
Lights are bright in my garden and look great. I hope they last a long time.
Works as described. Love it, and is sturdier than the other expandable water hose I had in the past.
i used it for dragging logs onto a trailer worked fine , hook on it will work with 3/8 inch chain links sharping the points a bit makes for a faster hookup worked well
This is my first year growing vegetables. I will buy this stuff every year now. The results are amazing. My zucchini and tomato got dark green leaves within 48 hours. I can't say enough about this product!
Great product. Good price. Recommend.
Purchased this as a gift for my husband who is an avid gardener and also a professional chef. Being a chef, he knows knives and he loves this. He's very impressed with the quality and functionality. The only unimpressive part is the case that comes with it, but I considered that an “extra” so I'm not knocking off any stars for it.
I have had no squirrels in my feeders (also squirrel proof) since I started using this pole. It is very sturdy, and I think it will last forever.
The nozzle arrived on time, with extra o-rings, too. Works nicely.
The mouse at home finally died in this clip, really fast get it no way.
So far the ultrasonic pest repeller seems to be working. I'm seeing less and less spiders around the house and less bugs in general. I had the sliding door open and usually a fly or mosquito would fly in but I totally witnessed one fly in, stop, and fly back out. not sure if it was a coincidence but that upped the review to a 5 star.;
I framed these in walnut colored wood picture frames and they fit perfectly with the (classy) outhouse theme of the bathroom. They are not sturdy enough alone - must be framed or else the paper will tear. The whimsical pictures are cute.
Works as expected! Used it two times so far and it performs as new. It is indeed, very easy to get it back into the pouch every time. This one is coming to Disney with me!
GREAT SELLER AND PRODUCT, THANK YOU
I suppose their everything they're advertised as to be. However, didn't meet my needs because they were for my Electric Toro.
So convenient to install, and works so well, great quality! I used to have the mole problem in my yard and have no solution to fix. At first, I just try to buy this one and use, and this one is working! I have been used it for almost a week and no mole problem in my yard right now. Thanks to the item, I can get rid of any mouse from my yard!
Came quickly and with 2x mounting screws. Good value for money.
This product worked amazing. Great results after one night of use.
I love these nozzles... they were inexpensive and worked very well with my Round Up lump sprayer.
The throttle lever worked in reverse so had to make throttle cable pull from the other side, not sure, but the shaft might have been able to be switched. Before I tried to switch it, figured I'd try pulling from the other side just to save time . Wanted to first find out if it worked and it worked very good. Screw in the fuel adjustment screw until it bottoms out , then back it out 1.5 turns. Works so good I'm going to leave it and use my impromptu throttle cable mount.
Very attractive. A breeze to put together and install. Its curved pattern complements design elements in existing black steel patio furniture. Wish I had found it sooner to keep the leaves corralled on the concrete where they are easy to sweep up and not blown into flower beds. This little border tidily adds functional charm and orderly elegance to my patio, its basic black grounding and helping to tie together and coordinate color accents throughout the patio garden. Great addition that saves time formerly spent raking leaves.
I absolutely love it!!!! Came quickly! Great beautiful plant! Will buy again!
Rodeo is the best weed killer I have ever used and it won't kill my fish. Awesome! Product. Thanks
This grill has not yet been used as it is a Christmas gift for my son and girlfriend. But... I have to say this is a very nice grill. It is designed well, looks great and appears to be high quality. I have had several pellet grill and this one seems to be as good as ones that cost much more. Again, I have not used it yet as that will be after Christmas once the gift is given, but I was so impressed with it, I purchased a second grill as another Christmas gift. I don't think you will regret ordering this grill. I have seen the reviews and those complaining of temperature issues are not used to pellet grills. There are a number of environmental issues which cause those and several steps you can take to regulate the issues. If you are looking to purchase a pellet grill, purchase this one!
Great Father's Day gift! My husband loves it!
These fit well and will probably last longer than the originals.
Initially a side panel was missing. Their phones were backed up, but once I got through, they were very friendly and sent the missing panel. The assembly was quick, easy and the alignment on all the parts was spot-on. I have now ordered a second product from Suncast.
Enjoy our wine bottle lights on our deck. They look so awesome
My seedlings seem to like it! I don't get much sun and they are growing at a steady rate. I keep them on for 15 hours per day. The lights are small and easy to hook up and set up, very convenient.
Keeps the straw and mud out of the house. Makes life a lot easier. It works and looks good.
great replacement fit with no problems
Perfect fit for a Char-Broil 2 burner stainless inferred professional gas grill (with side shelf down). Excellent quality and secure Velcro straps for tie down. Heavy material which will hold up well. Highly recommend.
So great and good quality.You can't beat the price and quality on these.Very useful,find this product for a long time,and this one really great.thanks!
This baffle works very well indeed. I have watched the squirrels try to work it out and then fail. They came back for several days in order to test their theories on how to get around it - so far none of their ideas have worked. There does not seem to be an Einstein of squirrels in my back yard at least. This baffle is very much worth the money. Easy to install on a pole - took 2 minutes.
Easy to put together.. waiting on martins
It killed on contact. Not much more to add.
Great product that allowed me to put two notches in my belt the first afternoon I set it out. Super easy to use! You just gotta be careful to use bait that they are used to eating locally. I at first put apples and walnuts out and didn't have any takers. That is not what the squirrel local to me eat. I swapped it out for avocados and citrus, which are in my yard, and caught two in a matter of a few hours. It was a little painful watching them drown in the big black watery abyss (tub) that comes with the trap, but I am sure I'll get over it :o)
This plant stand is very nice. It's classic but yet very pretty. Will go with most any decor. It's also very lightweight yet sturdy.
Very quick ship. Excellent product. Everything included just wish they would list all the parts so I didn't have to ask the question.
Solid construction overall. It shipped in very good packaging. Tested flow rate is congruent with manufacturers spec.
Works perfectly! Exactly what I was looking for.
Was very easy to use put a patch on the inside and outside have absolutely no leaks took about 10 minutes to do when I was putting it inside the pool it was a little difficult to see but once I put some goggles on it was easy peasy
I think this is a great grill brush. It has a nice thick handle that doesn't feel like it's going to break in my hand. It seemed to clean effectively. I am very happy with this purchase.
Works great for what I needed
Great for squirrels to mix with other food As a distraction from bird feeders!
Arrived timely and as described.
shipping box was all torn
Mylar is top notch for the price , thank you so much.
I bought this for my Jackery portable power station 160. This solar panel worked great and traveled well. It was able to charge my 160 watt battery within hours and kept my equipment running. 1. The cloth covering is extremely durable and pretty easy to clean. 2. Connectors allow for a ton of different uses. 3. Mono-crystalline is more efficient than poly and some of the other units I used. Totally worth the cost.
This thing works great on mosquitoes! I live in Florida and have a massive mosquito population of my back porch. I just got this about 2 weeks ago. I was worried the rechargeable battery would die off after a few zaps, but this thing keeps going strong after killing, and I'm not exaggerating, 50 + mosquitoes in the course of five minutes. I've had other racket zappers that are battery operated. They tend to give you five to 10 good zaps & then start to taper off. even with the D cell batteries. This one goes strong for hours. In the past I had to clean the bug corpses out of the racket head, but this one has such a powerful discharge that it tends to vaporize them on contact! The package says 2400 volts, I was expecting 4000 but it doesn't seem to matter it's got plenty of muscle! Death to the flying vampires!
I really liked this produce. As soon as the flag I ordered it was mounted to your pole and hangs on our front patio. I just ordered my second pole from you for a second flag.
Very nice all inclusive chain sharpener kit. Can be used with multiple size chains and has a nice assortment of attachments.
Ordered this for my Dad who is developing dexterity problems but still enjoys gardening, he likes it so much he asked me to order another so he can keep one in the greenhouse, fantastic product, he is able to sit down when he needs to and can get up easily from kneeling , would recommend to anyone who might be considering this purchase
I bought some other string of lights from other seller which got a poor quality, but this one is good!!! Cute pumpkins, and not easy broken!!
Item just as described. Great product, good price.
very well made. Holds heavy baskets of flowers without sagging
So far, the roaches have stopped, but we will see how long it works. Thank you.
It's a 3 for.now on durability see what the south Florida sun does to it
Not exactly what I was looking for, but, does an excellent job where used as intended.
totally awesome for trimming the edges of our property where the riding mower can't reach
Weather in So Cal is very hot, this Sand Sun Sail Shade really helped to cooler the temperature in my room Also purchased the hardware kit for it, easy to install by myself
It was accurate and awesome.
This sock flag was just what I was looking for my front porch.
Have not opened it yet. Not sure where I'm going to put it. But it looks durable and of high quality.
these are awesome lights. since purchasing one, we now have 3. If they are able to get a full day of sun, they will stay on all night. Large solar charging pad and the light as well. Long cord so the light can be one place and the charger far away in direct sun. Love the solar so we can set it out in the yard shining up under the palm tree without electricity and the bulbs to replace. One is shining up on the house, showcasing the rock & it lights up the whole area. Easy to just pick up & move over to a dark corner of the deck when needed. we have had one of these over a year now & still work like new. My only wish would be to have a color other than white...i'd like to have them less "visible".