went through 3 in one day doesn't fit correct and couldn't get bubbles out (better without)
Seemed like a nice pen, but I couldn't even get a decent line out of it. Disappointing.
Swollen two days after installation. Calibrated fine but ruined the track pad.
Terrible! Don't waste your money. It's a jap knockoff of realtor and it totally sucks! Could connect to my router but after that no dice.... no web access! Brilliant scam, well done!
The mouse is very light and the cord weight ends up pulling it off the table, also the red hexagon pattern at the back of the mouse does not have any holes like in the picture, its a solid piece of plastic with shapes cut into it, but not holes. Also it claims to be RGB, but really, you cant change the colors at all. Feels cheap. Very very disappointed. Wish I could get my money back
I would not buy this if you want a good screen protector go somewhere else
Mouse wheel already having issue. When I scroll up it scrolls down for a second sometimes an vice versa.
Only lasted a month before refusing to reconnect even after resetting. The instructions and set up website have poor grammar; I think this is a cheap Chinese knockoff-esque type of product.
When the battery arrived put in laptop and it did not charge. It would not even light up laptop. This is the first item from Amazon that was not any good. Wanted to exchange for a good one but was told sending a refund.
It doesn't fit tight into the outlet and will come unplug very easily, most of the time without me knowing right away.
Wasn't even the product described in description! This was my second time ordering the same item and it wasn't right this time either. Save your time and buy somewhere else
iPad it's perfectly in the case. Does not stay connected to iPad via Bluetooth have to keep reconnecting. Then the iPad makes a second connection for it. Have to keep turning off and back on to connect. It's quite annoying. Regret this purchase.
Product did not work w/ iPhone 8 Plus
My remote just stopped moving. It will allow me to scroll thru but the dot never moves. Help!
Stopped working after about a year. Slow wifi, did copious amount of troubleshooting to rectify the issue. All to no avail.
These literally suck. I bought numerous ones and none of them work past 2 times
The item was said to have been delivered Friday and was not delivered. The shipping address was correct and payment information correct but the tracking information was wrong or it was never actually shipped.
If I could give NEGATIVE stars, I would! I purchased this for a week long trip to France and it didn't even make it through the WEEK! The lightning end bent and broke off! Also, before it broke, the adapter only worked sporadically!!! JUNK! Don't waste your money!!!!
I bought this DVD drive for playing DVDs for work purposes. It doesn't work. I put the DVD in, go to My Computer to open it, and the DVD just spins endlessly without opening. This has happened with six different DVDs now, all from different sources, so it is not the DVD causing the problem. As Windows told me in the error message that popped up: "The last device you connected to your computer via USB malfunctioned." No kidding. A waste of $30. Don't buy this product.
This looked like such an adorable item! It arrived and it was missing one of the headlights, and the wheels had fallen off. Since it was so cute, I really wanted this to work for my daughter! I had tried to snap the wheels back in place, but that did not work, and more pieces started falling off. I need a refund on this item asap.
It has a great feel to it, but it chips easily. I have had it for a month now, and I am already looking for a different cover out there.
Don't waste your money to buy this, the mouse can't leave the mouse pad for 10 seconds, otherwise it will automatically power off, and my mouse pad rgb broken within three months.
UPDATE: Now they all stopped working. And as usual, seller is completely unresponsive. Expensive garbage. Lifetime warranty, my a**. Product SEEMS pretty well put together, but after 2 weeks, one of the 3ft cables stopped working. The seller's website is non-working, and all emails sent asking for a replacement have gone unanswered. Unless you're willing to live with 50% of the cables going bad in a short amount if time and NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT, I'd choose something else.
The upper cover (used to protect the screen) does its job properly and it grabs itself firmly to the cover of the screen. But the bottom cover is loose around one corner. It's somewhat dangerous because if you grab the Mac by that part and the bottom cover tears off from that corner, you might drop the Mac. I'll have to get another case.
Files corrupted within a day. Seems like I'm not the only one with that issue. Think carefully before you buy!
Probably one of the worst buys I have had on Amazon, usually if I like a product I would give it 5 star . It's just been like 2 plus months and this product has stopped working . One of the worst products I have seen.
Two out of the three screen protectors were cracked
Worked for a few hours then would stop working and you'd have to unplug it from the wall and plug it in again. Just for it to stop working 10 minutes later.
Just purchased in March and it has since died so only worked for 6 months
It's horrible. It takes ages to load even the most simple thing like settings, the touch screen won't swipe. And the keyboard doesn't type and the mouse doesn't work. Horrible product would never recommend just save up for a real device.
The item overheated here and it has a very annoying noise. It's not worth it. Better to pay more for a original one. I've learned the lesson the worst way.
The length was perfect but only worked well for about 2 weeks. A complete waste of money.
My advice? Simply do not by this drive. This is the 5th one...that's right...the 5th one that I've had to return under warranty. Each has failed suddenly leaving me without a secondary back-up drive. Do not buy this drive unless you want maximum unreliability, down time on your drive, the hassle of setting up an RMA, and a trip to the post office (you pay the return shipping)
This router also suffers from the "Netgear Upload bug". I'm not paying to go through this BS again. For anyone who gets this bug, the fix involves several factory resets in a row - or if you are feeling lucky: 1 factory reset and several router power cycles until you see your upload speed go above 0.2 mbps. A google search shows that this issue has been around since at least 2015. Otherwise, this router looks like it would have been good on paper. Returning to Amazon.
I plug the DVD-RW external drive into my laptop and hear it whirl but I can't find it "anywhere" on my desktop. Tried a restart, made sure that the external drive was seen in "preferences' and still nothing, I can't even find a website for support. Total waste of money so don't waste yours on this product.
Do not buy from this seller. The card did not work.
Didn't last 3 months and doesn't work !! Disappointed would not recommend buying this at all!!
I've been trying to install this product for 5 days and all web site taking me over the place with not resolve
This is the second unit I tried and both failed to charge. The first never took a charge and I returned it and decided that I must have got a bad unit and tried again. Don't waste your money on any these as they are all pretty much the same thing with a different sticker. All cheap junk.
Slowly drops down until it hits my keyboard. Tiny screw and Allen wrench to adjust the weight balance is a joke. Everything seems sturdy and well made except the most import part, the hinge. Like the other reviewer said I'm going to jam paper in the hinge to keep it from slowly sinking. Save your money, buy another brand.
Way too big for 13" MacBook--the product description states it is for 13" and very clearly is not--there's an inch and a half of extra space of both length and width. I recommend avoiding this product as its product description is not accurate.
Bought these about two months ago and none of them work now. Occasionally the cord works for one second then stops, then you have to unplug the cord or try reinserting just for it to stop working again. Complete waste of money.
Waste of money. Gets stuck in the phone
I was really disappointed. The cover is very flimsy. It will not stand up.
It is deceiving in that it did not come with the portable charger and cord as it advertises. We were thoroughly disappointed when the package came and that was missing. The whole point of my 10 year old son wanting the backpack was for that reason. That being said, if you like the backpack the. You will be happy. My son has been in school for 2 months and no damages from the backpack can be sighted.
Item came broken and smashed.
This was easy to install, no messy grease. But as far as the heat transfer its not that good. I used this on a 3 fan water cooler after I put my mother board in a new case. I replaced it with Artic Silver 5 after a few days and now its running about 10° cooler.
I would use this Hub every day for work, and it suddenly stopped working. Do not purchase
I disliked the keyboard very hard for me to type and it kept dropping my wi-fi, so I returned it and am going to try an 11” this time
No matter how long you use the profile editor it won't work. It will always make you use default and that barely works. Very bad
Didn't charge my stylus at all
Well, at best it's ok. The stand could be redesigned to move the monitor back about 6 inches from your face. This is big - too big and too "in your face" with any normal depth desk. horrible, horrible IPS glow. IN all fairness it is hard to get a pic of IPS glow but this is the best I can get. The center part should be black so the corners will be slightly dimmer than the mustard color in the pic - but size and position of it is accurate. This one is going back- I hope the replacement is better but I am not confident in it. For $1,200 this should be greatly reduced and WTH is up with the flip-phone sounding speakers it has? Gaming is ok on it, but it is nice for desktop space for multiple applications. so it gets 2 stars.
WILL NEVER BY IT AGAN
I thought I'd done all the research before dropping $150 on this thing, but it turns out that it doesn't work with G-Sync monitors. At all. So now I have an opened item I can't return to Amazon, and I'm just hoping the company will answer my email about a refund. Beyond that, what kind of "dock" doesn't supply power to the laptop? That's not a dock, it's just yet another peripheral I've got to plug in when I take my work laptop home. Useless.
Way too hard to setup so I returned it.
one of them quit working without reason! worked for a while then stopped!
I've had this item for 3 days and the cheap plastic literally already snapped. What a fricken waste of 20$, so upsetting.
I bought this to replace my current case that has broken. This one doesn't fit my computer well at all and the keyboard cover is stiff and doesn't fit on the keys and is a weird texture and falls over way too easily. It makes it harder to type instead of easier. It isn't very expensive and thats clear with what you get but the one I had before from a different seller cost less and was way better. Don't waste money on this. It couldn't be worse honestly.
This cable is not working and unsupported to device. Waste money
Received my laptop with damaged.
Battery terminal had powder leftover from corroded batteries and wouldn't even power on. I second the statement "certified refurbished" by whom?
This product was a complete waste of money. It doesn't work as intended and there is little support to get it up and running properly.
Warning: even though the button turns the power on, the switch has some resistance. If I connect the switch to my raspberry pi and turn it on there's not enough power coming out to keep the raspberry pi working but when I connect any other cable it works fine. I have another button by a different seller that works fine.
Bought this seven months ago and use it only occasionally when traveling. Bad surprise, it just stopped working without any warning. Tried it on another surface, same result. It's a shame since the design is great and it would work overseas.
I just received the item a few minutes ago and the quality is extremely poor. The mount will NOT fit a phone securely if it is in a very thin case. I will be returning it as soon as I get to a printer
Worked great for a little over a month. Now, the end of the arm near where the tablet is held is severely damaged. It will technically still support the tablet since the black portion of the “arm” is very rigid. It's near the end where it is wrapped in white rubber that uses a smaller type of bendable metal that has broken down. The tablet just kind of dangles now and can't really be set to view from almost angles. Bummer.
It works but you have to go to their poorly coded web page which seems to only record a weeks worth of data. It doesn't connect to any usefull services except a couple that you have to pay for. Regretting spending the money on a device that won't connect to my smart home. Worthless. Every time i try to add a service to push data to, it fails and says my meter is offline for hours to a day. Seems to be broken again. Guess I'll send another support email in the morning. All my data is missing.
Beware of the misleading information about tis protection plan. They will do everything to get out of actually protecting your product from offering false information from the time that you call to file a claim for a defective product to the time to offering reimbursement. I purchased the protection plan for a defective keyboard and when I called for replacement options, I was initially told that they do not replace items but instead will issue a refund of the full amount to your bank account. Acting on this information, I went ahead to repurchase a new item to "replace" the item since I will be receiving the refund of the value. A couple of days later, I receive a phone call from Asurion changing their statement to state that they would instead offer a gift card instead of refund to my account. When I tried to explain that this defeats the purpose of replacing the item since I would have no use of the gift card, the customer service rep on the phone went ahead to school me on the difference between insurance and protection plans all the while avoiding a key mistake that an employee of theirs made by providing a different information earlier. Its not worth the headache! Choose a different protection plan
The controller lasted a couple of days and broke by itself while I was playing GTA 5 and no longer works Also the battery is complete crap and I only get two hours of use out of it
Worked ok for less than a year. Then the quality was terrible - volume would go down so low that I couldn't hear, coming up periodically for no particular reason.
Very poor quality doesn't stick very well Not recommended at all
Absolutely garbage. It stopped working in less than one hour of use.
Pros: - Inexpensive. Cons: - Would not work with the newer version 5 firmware for the Switch. I didn't realize that every time Nintendo released a version of firmware that this controller would also have to be upgrade (if it even has one) in order to work with it. - The controller doesn't have the gyro/motion function that the Pro Controllers do. This is more important than I thought. I would suggest waiting for the Pro Controllers to go on sale and buy them.
I have to side eye all the positive reviews because this is not a good product. It would not allow me to transfer more than 4 videos/pictures. Never again!
This power hub is not inexpensive. But the quality is non-existent. Out of 10 port, less than half works. Some ports worked yesterday (the day it arrived) does not work today. Very unreliable. I didn't even get for enough to test performance. LED light does not light up, and PC does not recognize those bad ports. Total JUNK. I suggest potential buyer avoid this.
This did not work with my iPhone. iPhone requires that you have a special connector if you are trying to connect to a non-apple TV. It is advertised as if you don't need that piece.
Junk - save your money and sanity - don't buy this thing! Computer (Windows 10) would not recognize dongle. Could not get this thing to work. What a piece of junk and waste of money!
Don't fit well and cannot return them
Disappointing. Only had then about 2 weeks and the 3 foot cable has already failed.
Card is showing "corrupted" error when first putting into phone. I will return and try another from same company hopefully with better quality.
I originally purchased this because quite a few reviews said you just plug and play. I did everything I could to make it work for me and nothing happened. Returned it and requested a new one. The second one doesn't work either. Don't know if there's a bad batch of these or what but this product isn't for me.
Hello, this item was not very good. I tried in every socket in my house and the last chargers I ordered are not usable. I really liked the pink i once ordered. Just wanted you to know.
Product is not very well built and did not last more then 2 months before completely falling apart. I had to throw it away. Also doesn't work if you have any kind of case on your devices. Doesn't hold and iPad Pro 9.7 without falling over onto itself. I don't recommend this product. Wish I could have returned it for a refund.
this ripped right under the plug and is very difficult 2 use now. Can you send me a new one?
Seller advertised this computer as coming with Windows 10 Pro, one of the main reasons I purchased. The product instead has only Windows 10 Home. An honest seller would provide a free update.
Unfortunately, this cover fails to function as a stand and collapses the minute you place it at the typing angle. So unless you are planning to hold the iPad in your hand at all times and never need to stand it up to read or type, don't waste your money on this piece of junk.
Does not charge, broke my controllers. I plugged them in overnight and now they won't even turn on. I am now trying to charge them using the regular PS4 cord and they won't even turn on. I need new controllers
Not worth it. Didn't work out of the box. Got it on a lightning deal.
I agree , this people are big time scammers look what they advertise and then you can see our chat how he says only works for T mobile when they advertised worked for AT&T , now want me to return the equipment to refund my money. Sure you already fooled me once and now you want the equipment and keep my money too? You been warn be careful buying from them, plenty of other sellers with integrity and wont steal your money
Spend the money to get something different only lasted a short time
It's hard to set up. Three times didn't quite work, never properly interfaced with the modem. At 150 bucks, no thanks
Piece of crap. Shuts off randomly when fully charged and is brand new. Never been dropped or anything. Will be returning -_-
Wasn't what I ordered didn't work properly at all very dissatisfied
Did not fit had to return it , perhaps wrong size sent.
Does not work for hp spectre
It froze up a lot, my son was constantly trying to use it but couldn't, it wouldn't turn on unless it was hooked up to the charger, definitely not a good product
wouldnt work with my monitors, even doing the tricks the insert said to try.
They do not consistently charge. My phone is constantly turning off and on actually draining the battery faster. All of the cords in the pack I received do this. Don't waste your time buying this product.
These USBs are garbage quality. Didn't even use the one and the plastic end that attaches to a keychain already broke. Don't waste your money on these.
Did not work with linux. Went to return it and NO RETURNS. Some lie about hazardous material. Hmmm.. was ok to ship to me. I hate Liars.
The material looks good from photo, but the quality is very bad, all tore up and broken in about a couple of months time.
Doesnt feel like a sony controller
My magnet won't stay on to the iPad I've gone through both of the disk that they give you it won't stays on.
This watch is cheaply made, did not come with a sim card as described nor does it even have a slot to insert a sim card into! When I purchased it had a 4 star review which is why I said I would try it but now I see others are in the same position I am and my daughter will be without a gift for Christmas as I have already started processing my return. I guess Santa will have to leave an IOU for a decent watch now....very disappointed.
Had these for about a month and all three have stopped working.
I set this tablet up in the evening and in the morning, it wouldn't boot up. I had to reset it to default/factory setting to finally get it to work. The next day...same thing. When it works, the games are good and the screen, touch, and sound are fine but...doesn't matter if it never works. I am returning mine today.
I generally only buy Maxboost screen protectors because they are easy to install and last a long time. While this may be true of this protector, the deal breaker was that the touch factor did not work. After installing it, only the pencil would work on my iPad 11”. Had to take it off and “eat” this expense. Maxboost, I'm disappointed. Don't buy this screen protector until they solve the touch problem.
Bought trying to extend my wi-fi but this thing fails miserably. My existing router reaches farther.
I will be returning it as soon as I order a replacement. Keeps going to blue screen. Constantly having to reset it. Going to look for another brand
I couldn't use the volume control on my phone to play my music
The laptop fits great for my business usage, but unfortunately i'll end up returning it and picking another brand due to the very poor screen brightness, I never had a Lenovo before and this one will prevent me from getting another. I've never seen a screen so limited in brightness even in cheaper computers.
Product had damage to exterior of casing due to poor packaging. Product was missing the power cord. I would have attempted to see if it was functional despite the damage, but I could not power up the unit due to the missing cord. Returning.
Received product. It did not work. Sent back.
The item did not work at all. I placed into 3 different computers and none of them was able to connect to the net. Even after going online to get the software that was posted they still never worked. Not even worth sending back I just threw them out.
One of the connections does not work. Returning the product
Do not buy. It breaks down within a year. There is a persistent problem of 5G disappearing or reconnecting.
Failed in less than a month. Previous WD My Passport drive failed in less than a year.
I have had this unit for almost a year connected to Comcast. I have repeated drops and lag related to the modem. A serious waste of money.
This disgusting, worthless garbage only supports Windows 10. Do not buy it.
I ordered the pack was defective. I looks like you and plug you cellphone in on the side of the bag, but my bag didn't have anything to plug into. Charging port is missing
I was intrigued by this device, but once it is plugged in the USB drive, it bends, and when you try to attach cables to it, it bends and loses contact. Not worth it.
I received a counterfeit product shipped and sold from Amazon.com, so I would not recommend purchasing this from any vendor here.
cracked when I put it on. legs fell off in 2 weeks
These do not fit my MacBook Pro power cable. The rubber part doesn't close around the cable- the channel is too small for the cord. This is pretty useless, as my cable just bends right out!!
Did not work with my iMac. they did refund my money without any hassle.
Failed after a month. Not that durable. Used with TeslaCam.
Only works sometimes. Kept unplugging when in use.
Made with low quality plastic which breaks easily, not good for daily use.
We cannot use the laptop within 6 months of its delivery. The display first started blinking and became dim, but it was still responsive to the brightness settings. Then after some time it went dim and never recovered, not responding to anything. I called the Lenovo technical support. They said it was out of warranty in 3 months. So now I basically can't use the laptop until I pay more to have it fixed. FYI I bought it in February. Issue started to happen in April. It became unusable in June. I went to Office Depot to have it diagnosed. They said the hardware is broken. They have to send it out for repair for $600. Well, look at the price listed above for a brand new one. I will just buy another laptop. Of course not this brand. LOL
The product is NOT leather, it's a cheap plastic vinyl material and smells terrible. The style is very cute however disappointed in the quality.
I also wanted to order and leave a review. But the stuff didn't arrive and I can't do anything about it. I would like to write a full review. However, it ended up being lost during delivery.
Mouse has a noise to it and I'm still waiting for it to be picked up so I can get my refund.
Received an older model than pictured, screen has 2 flaws, crashed after installing microsoft office. I needed the computer for my office, and little to nothing was done to refurbish the unit I was sent. I had to reinstall the operating system myself after half a day I got the thing working to my satisfaction. I would not recommend buying anything from these folks again.
Amazon said that package was delivered but I never did receive the item i am still WAITING FOR THIS ITEM WHICH WAS BOUGHT AND PAID FOR YET NEVER RECEIVED!
DON'T BUY IT !! SCAM !! QUIT WORKING IMMEDIATELY !!! NO RETURN !!!
It work good for about 2 weeks now it will not connect to my wireless router trying to extend my range I did the reset three or four times still does not work
I have only had this lap top since Christmas and already having problems. The laptop has power but the screen is black. Very disappointing.
This display is ridiculous. I bought this to make a nice little Raspberry Pi 3 based Kali Linux machine. The documentation to link to adafruit.com is accurate, but the key is wrong so adafruit cannot be used to install the necessary driver software. Installing the software to support this display, apparently makes a LOT of changes to the system. Save yourself time, effort, frustration and headaches by just getting a similar display with an HDMI input. A small HDMI Display costs a little more, but it will be money well spent... and less money in the Swear Jar. Lol.
The controller is made well, but is worthless when it comes to its use. It has extreme lag and playing any game is extremely difficult and frustrating. I returned it immediately.
I deployed about 8 of these cables last year and about two weeks ago I had 3 of them start to fail. These thin straight cables are junk. Stay away.
I'm pretty disappointed and surprised to see nobody else has reported this issue. I opened my package excited to see a 1070 ti only to see an unsealed package for a GTX 1070 FTW. No serial number or anything! Had to send back for a refund. Avoiding this seller. Was really excited to review this product!
Only one of these drives worked. The rest did not. Sad!
Liked the ammount of time it took to get Disliked the condition of the console(wouldnt read any discs) plus the open close button stuck. The controller it came with had no grips. Why semd something that doesnt match the description or pictures?
I was very excited to get this mini-PC. I was looking forward to downsizing from my tower (and it helped that the six year old tower broke down a couple days earlier). So I waited anxiously for this mini-PC to arrive in the mail. It got here and I set it up, plugged it in, even rearranged all my living room furniture to get the set-up right. Set it up and five minutes in, it crashed. Then it did it again. It crashed no less than three times in the last two hours. Then it was SIX crashes in three hours. Time to call customer support. Oh wait, this brand doesn't have a customer support phone number. Just a forum you can post on and hope they reply. Instant regret. Save yourself the headaches and trouble.
Plugged this into my Gear 360 camera, which handles 128 sandisk with no issues, this one shuts off after one minute, says the card is full and is buggy as hell- I would not order anything from this company, this is obviously a generic card with less than 2 megs of real space. I trusted their feedback ratings but got screwed. For 3.00 more I could have bought a sandisk and not had any issues, really upset.
These stopped working after several months. POOR products with NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT.
Came with a cracked screen protector.shipped in same box. The case itself is flimsy.I went with the first one I saw comes in many colors. This one looked cool but cheaply made. Too bad.
It's kinda sad, but when I connected this to my mac charger, it didn't work. Yet charging works when I am not using the port...
Does not work at all. Not for charging or data transfer. IPhone and iPad do not recognize the adapter is even attached.
Break easily and all but one stopped working after a week
I didn't like this screen protector. Too many bubbles. And still left finger prints.
love the keyboard itself, but this product is advertised as an RGB keyboard.... The one I received is the classic green only lighting. very dissapointed :(
The laptop is fantastic... for the first year and a half. The components are great, good graphics, good memory, good battery; an all around good laptop for work and light gaming. The problem is the case. The case is a piece of crap. It's made of a brittle plastic, and all of the screw mounts in the screen joints begin to rip out of the plastic simply by the wear and tear of opening and closing the laptop. The screen is only mounted to the mainframe on the right side; the left side is simply screwed into the plastic. I bought the laptop in June of 2017, and right around the corner of New Years 2019 the remaining screws all came loose. This had been building for the last few months as more screws kept coming loose and this caused a strain on the body, bending the fan case and causing the fan to make loud buzzing noises as it scraped against the curvature of the bending. This was entirely caused by opening and closing the laptop over the course of a mere 18 months. I hope I can get a refund. The computer still functions but it had begun overheating as the fan wasn't working properly. I know this laptop has tons of good ratings, and I bought it because of that, but I would stay away from this model if you want a laptop that will last you two years or more.
After just 3 months of owning these four cables only 1 (the 1ft foot length) isn't broken. I'd recommend trying another brand!
Does. Not stick to keys... falls off! Not useable
So far not working. I keep getting a driver error
Too bulky and makes a thin laptop a lot heavier
Not useful for gaming. Have it plugged into an excellent USB power station and tried a couple new cables to be sure. This unit just shuts off, almost like it's overheating or something. It went for an hour when first turned on, then ~20 minutes after that, then just a few minutes each time we get it restarted. Junk!
I've had this display port cable since January 2019, about six months into using it my screen kept turning black out of nowhere. So I had to keep plugging it into another display port on my GPU to get the screen to register. I continued to use it like this for another several months until it kept happening more frequently, now I just switched back to HDMI and have not had any issues for a week. This chord looks pretty but is defective.
Not a good product at all. It is poorly designed, and does not have good structure. While it is supposed to carry a laptop, it does not work well for that because the bag cannot hold its own shape and is awkward. I don't recommend this product.
It did not meet my expectations. Unable to connect to internet and has no use with what I was looking for.
Ordered this cause I just needed a computer for the kids to do homework on. Right out of the box virus, ran virus scans and all that crap still not a great computer. My bad the saying is true you get what you pay for.
I've had the backpack for less than 2 months and already fell apart. The magnetic strap button fell off so I cannot secure the strap. It is rarely used. Very disappointed in cheap construction and lack of durability.
I did not receive what I bought.
I've had this keyboard for 5 months and it stopped working. The numlock button stopped functioning, meaning the entire board was locked and rendered useless. Just spend $20 more for a better one it will pay off long term.
This computer comes with a 5400 rpm HDD which is always at 100% making it very slow and makes some games unplayable, Dont buy unless you can upgrade
It fit loosely and didn't work at all.
Horrible computer. Very slow. Loaded with bloat-ware that you can't easily remove. This isn't a home computer. It is a cash generating commercial that you will regret purchasing. All I wanted was email and some photos and even that is problematic. If it sounds too cheap.....there is a reason..
This product is unstable and not sturdy.
Flimsy, no middle click, and small and uncomfortable for large hands.
Had them for about a week all cut out on me in a matter of days
It just wasn't worth it. Disappointed in Logitech. Amazon should refund to me.
Failed after 2 months, was warned but bought it anyway ,do not buy under any price
Bought this for cable Internet service it worked for four months and then it stopped. Contacting Motorola they stated that my ISP has not allowed a firmware update. They want to send a loaner until the situation can be resolved but it's been nothing but hassles trying to get the loaner from them. This is day four without Internet service
Ordered the 3 pack, got 1.
One came completely broken. I requested a refund before the return date expired m, Amazon denied it. This came broken upon arrival. The shortest cord never worked.
I like the design of the case and it has been pretty solid but I was pretty shocked to see that the part that holds the iPad up so you can type(which is the only reason you got this...) is simply glued to the hinges. Now that this part has come unglued from very very light use, there is literally no use for this case. For the price I'm super disappointed in how it turned out.
garbage. took about 5 pictures and 1 video then died. no matter what i do it is undetectable. never exposed to shock, impact or temp. just sat on my desk. maybe a better solution to connect web cam to ur pi? this was just a waste of money
Had to rewrite review. Charger broke within 10 days. Furthermore, the company offers $5 gift card to anyone who writes a positive review so most of the reviews here are clearly fake.
Froze up was not new sent a return item
It failed. never to work again. it died and I lost the data stored on it. DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT...........
Disappointed with the condition of the bag . Had multiple dirty spots on the outside cover like it was used. Inside nice and will keep laptop safe.
Ordered the blue one and received a red one that's not even for an iPad. Returning.
The memory upgrade packaging was sealed with a seal which stated "If this seal is broken do not accept product:". The seal was in fact broken when it arrived and was stamped VOID on the seal. I contacted AMAZON and they sent a new product. I am satisfied with AMAZON handling the issue so promptly, however the product manufacturer should properly package the item.
these were broken since day one. i bought these for my nephew for their computer cuz i dont get over there enough. its hard to troubleshoot their pc issues from long distance seemed like they worked a tiny bit when i first hooked them up, so figured it was something wrong with the computer but there wasn't the headset just is garbage. i tried them on two other computers and they were still garbage. i dont know what els to say. i got ripped off. i dont expect them to refund or anything. unethical businesses dont make money on refunds..
These controllers stink!!! Figured they would work with any of the games we have but sure don't! Waste of money!!!!
I used to have a hello kitty usb flash drive like this one and it was great. I never had a problem with it and then I misplaced it. So I bought this one because it is super cute. I haven't even had it for more than 2 weeks and it gets hot. I constantly have to take it out of my laptop because I get pop ups that say my flash drive has malfunctioned. The head even melted off of it. I'm so upset about this and for some reason there's not an exchange or return option on here for this product. If I could get a replacement and it work properly, I would happily change my review. Because for the first week it worked great, but after a couple more weeks it's basically trash now and I will have to purchase a new one somewhere else.
Did not come with the parts they were supposed to other one was missing parts tried resolving it they told Amazon that they contacted me but I never got any correspondence will not get pcs from this company again
Never received it!!!!!
worse stylus ever. terrible accuracy, bad hold, disgusting quality, and battery life is weak. i returned it
Disappointed, will probably have to return this item.
This router solver my internet speed and signal issues. Didn't even need the extender I bought after hooking this bad boy up. Edit: crapped out after 10 months.
Stopped working after a month after I got this. No longer recognize by May 2011 MacBook Pro or my iPhone 6s waste of money!!!!!!
IS not compatible with iPhone6
Paid for a new keyboard mouse combo, what I got was visibly used, can't seem to be able to contact the seller to address
Took 3 weeks longer than what it said to deliver. I was already back from my trip.
Didn't like the case because it did not have a screen protector
I can't get a external hard drive to work with this product! I've tried everything I can guess that's money lost don't waste your money on this!
It arrived. And worked under the USB port, but NOT the Thunderbolt 3. So, to me, it is as good as DOA. Sending back for a refund. When things like this happen, it confirms my loyalty to Amazon. And it solidifies my negative view of LaCie.
LED does not work yes it should have 3 colors but I have seen some with more and seen that the led do work for ALL THE PEOPLE THAT BOUGHT THE KEYBOARD. Don't by until you see all reviews
they functioned okay. they just fell apart off 2 separate keychains in under 4 months. now useless and turned into quite a hassle
Didn't like it. It didn't fit my ipad.
DO NOT BUY!!!! THE WORST
Horrible! Worked for 90 days. Now nothing. Do not buy this product! Rip off!
I was using this as an external drive to free up some space on my hard drive, and after using it 4 times, my computer no longer recognizes it. Crap product. Don't waste your money. And Seagate, as many other have stated is absolutely no help.
The plug has electrical bad contact, this kind of adapter brick my switch, do not buy it
I do NOT recommend this monitor, it's absolutely horrible. So when it originally came the photos for how to set up the monitor were too small and weren't really specific, I honestly was surprised given how none of the reviews I seen mention this. Now once I set it up, I thought chatter about colors wasn't really gonna be a big deal, well it was. Had to spend 30 mins configuring the colors, and even then they weren't good. So my MAIN issue was, 6 days in the monitor began glitching had started flashing pink on the left side. I thought it was strange and thought nothing of it. Then it evolved to a full pink screen on the left side. That would stay for like 35 mins then disappear except lately it became permanent and no matter how I tweaked it it stayed their. So I've decided to return this garbage monitor, while my time when it didn't have a pink half screen the picture quality was very good, and the 144hz is outstanding, 144hz makes 60hz look like the new 30fps while 144hz is the new 60, but that's the only upside for me. Don't get this monitor, buy another.
They just break easily. Ordered it twice and now I'm done with these.
FAKE PRODUCT SENT...TOTALLY DIFFERENT PRODUCT....THIS SELLER SHOULD BE BANNED IMMEDIATELY
This does not work with the iPad mini 4 like it said it would.
Don't know in what world that the seller thinks this wouldn't be obvious. This is a complete sham. Box said one thing contents are completely different
We returned them after a couple of days :/ Two of the three I purchased were already blinking. Was disappointed and still on the search for a quality drawing pad for my kids.
Do not buy from this company. When I place my order the order said that I had a premium warranty for a full year. The case broke at five months. Amazon says they have no way of contacting the vendor. I tried to use the system but it doesn't list anything for contacting them and on top of that it says my window for support closed in September. September is three months not the premium warranty of a full year. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE GUYS UNLESS YOU JUST WANT TO THROW AWAY YOUR MONEY AND BE FRUSTRATED BY TALKING TO AMAZON SERVICE REPS WHO CANT SEEM TO HELP YOU. WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK. I JUST WANTED MY ITEM REPLACED SINCE IT BROKE.
Tried refunding this product but never got my money back so keep that in mind before you buy this
Doesnt work. USB device not recognized when plugged in. Never worked.
Doesn't connect, doesn't turn off/on easily, horrible
Don't waste your time and money, awful product. It's really hard to separate letters from sticky base undamaged.
This wasn't identified as a refurbished item, but it also wasn't listed as new either. Perhaps that simply means it wasn't "certified refurbished" as an indication of a quality refurbishment process. Mine had a defective battery which should have been caught in any refurbishment process.
I own two of these drives, one operates perfectly, the other one died. Amazon's published warranty is 3 years and WD stopped honoring the warranty after one and a half years. This is the only forum with Amazon or WD where I can post a complaint to get support, I hope. I would improve my rating if this problem was solved.
please let me know when will they arrive Eileen
These were awful. They were plenty long which was great but they lasted 1 month each before they just stopped charging my phone. I would highly recommend a different brand. These are junk.
I'm a huge skeptic when it comes to one star reviews, I think to myself "That person probably got a lemon. Mine will be just fine." Well think again with this PC, because you're going to blow $1,000 on a piece of crap. Within two weeks of it arriving, the hard drive started to make "the click of death" noise. (Looked up the hard drive they used and it has awful reviews). I got into contact with the Cyberpower's customer service and attempted to RMA the hard drive. A week later I got an email from them saying something along the lines of "We're not going to replace the hard drive because when we received it, we observed a small dent on the outside which voids your warranty, have a nice day." It was completely fine before shipping and adequately protected, I wouldn't put it past them to have made the dent themselves. Unfortunately I didn't have photographic evidence to dispute so I angrily purchased a replacement. Fast forward a few months, when everything on my PC starts to lag like crazy. Take it into a shop for a diagnostic and behold, the DVI port for the graphics card has gone bad. I'm currently stuck in RMA hell with them trying to get that replaced as well. I've had to physically print out multiple forms and go through several departments trying to get them to accept my return. All I can say is that I am never purchasing anything from this retailer ever again. TLDR: Cheap parts, multiple things broken, poor service, all around overpriced. Look elsewhere and stay away from CyberpowerPC.
This product lasted just long enough that I can no longer return it, and now it's completely broke.
Product was ripped and did not fit well. It is very uncomfortable to grip. Not as described.
This headset started making a weird static noise and now it's so loud that I literally feel like it's causing headaches and ear damage. It doesn't do it all the time but only some random times, it may be something to do with moisture but i'm not sure.
Was not compatible with Apple IPhone 7
I gave it 1 star for the simple fact I never used it.Lol.I can say its very well built and solid.I bought it for my android tablet-keyboard.I didnt see it on the description but it is for Windows only.Will not work on Android.Amazon made good on everything thou.As always top notch service.
Although it has a robust construction and good material, the letters and numbers of the measurements are erased by just touching it. You lose the count of feet installed just by handling the roll.
I'm on the 3rd try with a refurbished iPad. The first one wouldn't charge. The second one they sent was the incorrect model and didn't include the cellular capability. Now a month after I finally got my 3rd one it won't charge anymore! I'm extremely frustrated with this Amazon experience
Their voice response system is very difficult to navigate and get to the point where you can actually speak with a real person. They don't respond in the time frame they say they will (for instance "you will receive an email back from us within 48 hours.") Bull. I would not buy a Square Trade warranty ever again. Ever.
all three of these cable have died none of them are working now. the first one died only after 2 weeks of being used. The second was dead right out of the bag. The 3 cable died after 5 weeks
Drives connected to this drive drop on and off with Windows 10. SSD Transfers rate is CRAP, even with the latest Windows 10 Drivers, once you can find them.
Do not like this case...already replaced it. Difficult to operate buttons thru the plastic case.
Claims they will send Amazon gift card if you leave a 5 star review. Drive works ok though :^)
Plastic button covers the on/off button. You have a hell of a time turning this on and off then at random (not even trying to turn on or off) the turn off screen pops up. I've ordered many Snugg cases but this one truly sucks. Where the pen holder is - is where the strap to hold it close is. If you put a pen in the holder the close flap keeps popping open.
bought this mouse thinking it was new, unfortunately it is used. It has scratches on the bottom. Very disappointed.
The product looks great and sits nicely with my iMac but that doesn't matter because EVERYTHING about this product is ruined due to the fact that even a slight movement plugging in an sd card, or a usb, or when removing a sd card or usb causes any attached devices such as external drives to disconnect and eject without trying to. What a joke!!! This is so frustrating that these companies make products like this. It is totally unusable due to the fact that this could actually DESTROY your work. I'm a video professional and one of the nightmare scenarios is being in the middle of a video edit and suddenly have your editing drive disconnect simply because you bumped or touched this Satechi Type-C USB Hub. I yelled at my computer tonight after giving it one more try. I hooked up my Samsung t3 drive to get the benefits of the USB Type-C and this Satechi hub... after running a speed test I plugged in a second USB device into the hub and the Samsung t3 drive suddenly knocked off and I receive the dreaded "Disk Not Ejected Properly" warning. How is it possible to make something look so good with my iMac with a solid construction and build and yet the most basic requirement, a reliable connection to the hub, is missing making this product a glorified piece of trash.
This product does nothing to help dissipate heat in the PS4 game console.
Very disappointed. Used on a Mac laptop, experienced considerable lag which I could not resolve. Very frustrating. Recharging worked but the charge didn't last long. In the end, I went back to the simple USB mouse.
Ordered this because the original laptop I ordered came damaged. This model had decent reviews, but never worked properly. It would connect to the internet and then randomly disconnect after about 3 minutes. You had to troubleshoot it to get it to connect again and then it wouldn't stay connected even though we tried it at home, out at stores, my son tried it at school. After two weeks of dealing with this piece of garbage, I put in a request to return it and was told that I could no longer return it. Amazon was no help, they told me I had to contact the seller. I won't buy any type of electronics from Amazon again.
Disappointed. ...didn't work. We even tried numerous locations.
Product came with only 62 games, I contact the seller to fix that problem but he never believe me, he always insist that the device has more that 500 games, very bad seller to work with , I am contacting amazon costumer service to get my money back and let them know about this seller.
Don't buy from this company. They are $20 higher than other companies. Also if you want to do a return they ask that you pay the shipping costs. Bad company.
What on earth is the use of a 1.5cm hard drive? Bought it for my laptop and it didn't fit. Should be on description to alert users almost no laptops support it. Very disappointed
Fresh out of the box and it does not work, tried to fix it but I'm hopeless now
Very Cheap Quality. Space Bar Broke with in 1 week of owning it. Very Displeased. and dont know how to return other wise i would. Mouse ontop of that cannot be programmed. so deff False Advertisement
Poor quality, came with letter P key not working. Touch pad was tinny feeling, did not want to work on right clicking, sometimes froze. Didn't discover problems til a month after delivery, due to it being a gift for granddaughter for school use. Found issues when she went to set it up for school. Was told by seller that I could return it for a refund, so I returned it. Then they said I waited too long and refused to refund, but returned it to me. Amazon refunded it, minus a late fee. Avoid this product, poorly made.
Junk. The most slow computer I have ever touched. I finally used it to save photos and that was it. It soon erased them. It is a computer that has a mins of its own. I threw it away in the end. $150.00 worth of junk.
I was not happy this this purchase. No matter how many attempts the case snaps on the side didn't work. I think it was defective. Also the stand isn't connected to the OtterBox. Poor design wish I would have returned now it just sits here. Waste of money. I have always used OtterBox for my devices but this isn't worth the money.
Ordered The Office Stickers and received this.
I have not gotten the product
trying to put a budget computer with this thing is a NIGHTMARE. the way the cables are placed is tough to work with, it has strange and awkward ways to hold and contain things. there is BARELY enough room to insert things like GPUs around the cabels. DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU NEVER WANNA OPEN THE THING UP AGAIN
I acquired this product based on the experience of other users, however I had bad luck, it was already tested on 2 computers HP and Apple, in both the problematic result
I have bought one of these and as soon as I use it , it turns on and off disconnecting my things and reconnecting within a second and , I had to unplug my keyboard from it just to type this because IT DOES NOT WORK!!!!
Broke the first day I got it
I bought this charger and it shorted/fried both of my Lenovo laptops. Buyer beware, do not purchase this product.
Was send to the wrong address never use it
What is happening? Please contact me asap :((((
I'd give it no stars if I could. It doesn't even stick to my computer
Used for only a week and it does work. Keep showing 'disk error, please run disk diagnosis'
Poor design. The tabs that hold the table are way too tight and I feel like I'm gonna crack the screen every time I need to take it out. This wouldn't be a problem, except you have to take the bottom side of the tablet out every time you want to use the stand feature. Waste of time and return shipping.
I set up the extender successfully. I was unhappy that it does not allow parent controls, but decided not to return it. However, after 3.5 months it stopped recognizing the internet connection even though I plugged it in right by the router. The company did not respond to an email and I am not sure how else to get a response from them. I will have to purchase a replacement if I cannot get any response from them.
After that, I get no communication to alternative displays. Very Frustrating! Don't waste your money!! Of course, the return window ended yesterday!
It's a good thing it comes with multiple cords, because the first one I used stopped working after a few weeks.
Two of the inserts busted inside my bramd new phone, very poor quality material
Dont buy them!!! They work for a couple of days only!!!! Waste of money!!
Seagate hard drive is crap. Don't waste your time or money. Had to replace hard drive after two months. Poor quality.
None of the cords work after using for less than 5 months.
I purchased this product as I thought it was a new keyboard. As this is the normal price for this keyboard on other sites. I received the keyboard and the packaging was CLEARLY re-sealed. Normally I would be like "meh it was probably a quality check or something". I took out the product and there is sticker residue on the keyboard next to the Corsair logo. There is dust EVERYWHERE under the keys. There is gross stuff on the bottom of the keyboard that could only be described as "old desk gunk". I have purchased products advertised as "used" that are in nicer condition. The replacement they sent me is also opened and used. How does this even happen?
It never fit properly but it stated it was the correct size. It would fit but it would easily come off the laptop.
I received this ipad and it did not work. Black screen showing only that the battery was dead and it would not charge. . I tried calling the seller but there was no answer. I called again and left a message but they never returned my call. I contacted Amazon directly which they quickly responded and gave me a full refund.
This product didnt work to improve our signal to our two story house. Dont recommend.
Bought this from Amazon instead of the Ledger official site because of delivery time, I am traveling abroad this weekend. Item arrived sealed in box, but has visible nicks and blemishes on the steel, this was labeled as a “new” product but wear on it would suggest that it was returned or refurbished at some point. Which makes me very nervous about storing my money on it.
I use it in the car and when I charge and listen to music at the same time it makes a lot of interference noise. Update: you can not talk on the phone if you use it on the radio aux of a car
Do not buy this product. I have had it for only 6 months and the wire is already falling apart. And because of that, it doesn't charge properly anymore. Very dissapointed in this product.
I was sent the card in working order or so I thought. I only used my DVI slot on my card and it worked like a charm. However, after hooking up my Oculus VR and another monitor I found out my HDMI port was dead in the graphics card. Did multiple tests and even updated CPU and MOBO. Nothing fixed it so I tested my older card and all the equipment worked fine. Sadly after saving up money for the now MOBO and Graphics I was unable to return due to the 30 day wait. (I am a college kid getting married its hard to scrape up that kinda money). So I am stuck with a $500+ card that has a broken HDMI port.
Compatible with Raspberry Pi/linux but when I wanted to use the alternate power method I noticed it was missing battery contacts for AAA batteries so there was no way to use them instead of rechargeable pack. Digital button input always got stuck and spammed the same key about 10x.
I just received my monitor yesterday and set everything up according to the minimal information provided. Once set up, there is a white line running up and down my monitor about 3/4 of the way across the screen. I am asking if the shipper can please get a hold of me ASAP to discuss. After spending this kind of money on a monitor, and the monitor being less then 24 hours old, I would hope that someone would get a hold of me to make this right ASAP.
Stylus totally disappoints. Requires a lot of pressure to create a line. Purchased after great review on Wirecutter.
mic it is unusable, so plan to buy a separate mic...
These speakers are junk do not waste your money. Very poor sound quality
The screen freeze and never came back on don't buy I am very displeased with Amazon and this product
I was not satisfied with this item. My computer did not recognize the device making it completely useless. Without disk which is not included, no computer will recognize the device. 0 (ZERO) star rating but field required at least one to post review.
After a year of this product working fine, our internet provider recommended we do a hard reset of this device to improve the connection between this router and our modem. That's when the problems began. Netgear spent over 30 minutes on the phone with us, found the issue and then wanted $139 for further support, more than we paid for the router initially. Escalating to a supervisor he offered a lower price but no other options other than a troubleshooting article we could have found ourselves (if we had internet connection). We have lost a day of work, still don't have internet, Netgear doesn't care in the least.
My expectations were very low seeing the specs but I really needed some thing cheap right away to watch videos for school on really low quality, but this computer cannot even do that. The best it can do is maybe emails, text, and images. If you expect anything more, don't waste your time.
Junk! Didn't work at all and Amazon isnt standing behind the product. I just want another one that works
2nd cable to come apart after 2 days of use. Quality sucks- cables suck- Buyer Beware!!!
cheap clone that cannot read or write to cards
Unreliable. Every time I try to transfer files to/from my sd cards or external hard drives this devices unmount and mounts the external drives randomly. Keeps leading to corrupt data and a lengthier time obligation to the task at hand DO NOT BUY - I Have never used a lower quality product.
I did not order this item!
Sent me the wrong product. Sent me a case for a much larger MacBook Pro instead of air.
This is no aceptable for the price range, would not bother in getting a new one. Started artifacting after 10 minutes of gaming ...
Missing USB cable on shipment.
Haven't received MacBook Pro and they lie about shipping
This does not fit my daughter's Asus tablet when I specifically searched for her tablet model and this one came up.
Purchased on Oct. 3, 2017. Has completely failed working on my MacPro last week and nothing is bringing it back to life! Buy another brand!
I haven't even had it a week and the keys are getting stuck and springing back late.
So out of the box there wasnt enough bandwidth to run my 2k monitor smoothly. Video and scrolling would stutter. So i plugged the monitor directly into the laptop, worked fine, could be worse. 6 months later the network port stops working. Inaccurate claims and specs for supported resolution and subpar componets. Stay away.
This case is not only too big for my laptop, but it's not thick enough to offer any protection. My laptop slides around in it (and I bought according the one I have) and it's pretty thin. I don't understand how this would protect it from anything. Don't waste your money.
I purchased this mouse and about two weeks later the right click button stopped working. So I ended up doing an exchange through Amazon, they shipped me another one quick, only to find the replacement one has the same issue... Same right mouse click not working.. Save your money, huy a cheap cordless mouse.
worst buy ever lasted 2 months
not even sure what the hell I would need 3 non power delivering usb ports. I guess if i needed to upload pictures off 3 phones directly at the same time maybe? my phone connects to my pc when plugged into it, but not one ounce of power delivered to it. cant use anything that requires power via the usbs either. anything plugged in must have its own power supply and why the hell would i need that? money grab.
Severely disappointed in the quality of this product. It worked exactly 3 times and then quit working on multiple devices. I would not recommend this item.
I bought this battery two months ago and is dead now!Bad.
The lightening is too small. When I put it in my iPhone, the lightning outlet slides out.
It doesn't work as intended with PS4. Once plugged in, any devices connected through the hub will not work properly. My controller and my headset Bluetooth piece constantly lost connection through the hub.
this does not allow me to stand the iPad at a usable angle. i will be returning it.
This order requires a lot of work for a simple $9 item. I was told that it was shipped one day after I placed a multi-item order. Over three weeks later, it has yet to arrive. I did e-mail the company when the item did not arrive within the specified time and they told me to wait one more week. It's been eight days and still no delivery; in fact I just checked the mail and nada. Time to arrange a refund.
I bought this used it 1 day and it stopped working. Also found out I cannot return it. Wasted money don't recommend buying
I've had this case on for two days and the case is chipping and no longer has a smooth look. It is also hard to extend the screen on the laptop back with the case on. Overall, I'm fairly disappointed with the quality of this case.
I would suggest not buying it. This is because it is really low made of low quality. Only lasted for 1 year then the screen does not sense your touch any more even if you press it hard. Also it says that it is an Octa-Core, the performance does not seem to be an Octa-Core pad. I guess that's why it is only $100 dollars.
Not a very stable device, constantly drops signal
WORST HEADPHONES EVER! The cord curls itself into a tangle and it destroys itself. DO NOT BUY!
Crappy product. Doesn't say in the description, but designed for lefties. Would not pair with Amazon Firebox. Had to give one star to submit. TRUE RATING IS ZERO STARS.
It would not even go thru the setup menu.. it just said ERROR when i turned it on.. Returned immediately
Product Quality is good, but when I applied to my iPad, it doesnt fit wll along with tempered glass screen protector and pushed it out from the corner
This would be easy to install for the most part if it fit. The first one broke trying to get it to fit and was replaced easily, but the second one would not secure down on 3 corners because it was about a millimeter off on the measurements.
Bought these rams for upgrade to 32gb but it was a bad decision because since that im having blue screens at every moment, tested it on another computer so the problem is that.
The case split on one corner after just a few months of light use. Wasn't dropped or abused. Out of warranty, will purchase another brand.
Product is cheaply made, and did not work. When saving video and music files they were choppy and unwatchable. It might work for word documents, but i would recommend paying a little more for reliability.
Did not come with everything advertised. Only reason I didnt return is I didnt have time to wait for another machine.
The Microphone has a very low level. I bought two of these for spares when the $20 Logitech was not available, and silly me I just expected them to work. I cranked the gain up to 100%, and checked the other settings, unacceptably low mic performance. Both headsets work the same, so it's safe to assume a design flaw. Stupidly I didn't test them within the return period and I'm stuck with them. It seems that other people have the same problems, not just me.. I just ordered the Logitech again..
The case was perfect at first. However, after about 2 months it broke. I opened it and it totally came apart.
Started cracking immediately
It was so cheap poor material 😡
Material feels cheap and the feeling is horrible. A pain to remove from the trackpad.
Was sent the wrong item and had to return. Had to go elsewhere to buy because needed right away.
It was a complete waste of money. I will never buy again.
Definitely wouldn't order this item again or recommend it to anyone. Got the tablet and it was absolutely the slowest tablet I've ever had. Definitely not worth the money and not as described.
doesn't boot to bios! nothing! and seller probably new that and sent it to a fake address. 😠
I must have received a returned product bc it already had a password and I couldn't set up my own. And I wasn't even sent instructions in English
Worked fine for 6 months and then just suddenly stopped working for no reason
product broke after 5 uses. flimsy
I gave 3 stars instead of 5 because the longest charger broke when I placed the charging piece into my phone and I ordered specifically for the 10' cord but I love the color and I have 2 backups. the shipping was fast and the items were as described. Update: I updated my rating to a 1 because the 6' charging cord has now stopped working with normal use for a few days. I suggest saving your money and buying an OEM replacement cord or go to Best Buy.
Motorola rotor SB6141 does not work have tried to connect to my provider Comcast for 2 days
Only had it for 3 weeks and it's not working I'm 4 days past the time I can return it I'm so pissed will not be buying again
Did not work on my desktop. Plug into USD 3.0, does not respond to computer's command to eject, button on device itself doesn't work. Tried on 2 of my laptop... no luck. tried on 2 university desktop and 1 laptop, no luck.
Did not come with power supply so now have to order another one, thanks for wasting a few of my days while I wait for one to arrive.
Was working fine for almost 5 months until the backlight seemingly just stopped working. How only 10 random keys on the left side are always lit. Even when I try shifting through different light settings it just stays as it is.
Worked an hour. Put in new battery Hasn't worked sense a piece of crap
These charging cables are junk. All 3 were ruined within a month. 0 stars!!!!!
This package comes with a variety of attachments for your MacBook. I purchased it for my MacBook 2019 and was VERY disappointed. The adhesive strips do not work to secure the keypad cover in place nor does the adhesion Work to protect the Touch Bar as it appeared cracked. Poor fit for the computer. HIGHLY RECOMMEND LOOKING AT OTHER PRODUCTS.
Never received them ..horrible costumer service ..beware
I returned this product December 7th and have UPS confirmation of return delivery. I have yet to receive my refund!
It doesn't work not happy at all
Poorly made! Came defective
didn't fit snugly, fell off. I returned it.
Stopped working after two months and I have found no way to contact this company about replacing it or refunding it. Don't buy.
This was a terrible product. It arrived late. It had an expired version of Windows and it refused to update. After just over a month I tried to Skype with it but couldn't because the microphone wouldn't work. I discovered I needed drivers, which of course aren't free. At that point I contacted Amazon to do a return. They handled amazingly well, didn't ask any questions. UPS picked it up and three days later I had the refund. Don't buy from this seller.
I have used this exactly 3 times and there is now a short in the usb-c connection. If I let it dangle off the table, it will work most of the time as long as I have it in one way, if I flip it or put it on the table, it doesn't work. It appears to be a short.
Cheap and already falling apart.
The discription said bubble-free and fingerprint-free, both these were present. Very disappointed with this protector. I'll be switch to a matte finish.
This charger came with the wrong cord to the wall and did not work at all the cord just fell out of the power box and a replacement wont be here for two weeks! It has been a nightmare and I need my computer!!
The whole point of me buying this was for switching inputs from a distance. The remote quit working after 2 months. Tried a brand new battery and no change. For me this is a deal breaker.
Do not buy this garbage. I used it twice and it never worked again. The second time I used it, it got so hot I thought it was going to melt. Probably not good for the device as well. I would recommend buying authentic form Apple.
Sound went out after 5 months. Very disappointed.
I have purchased 6 of these over the last 2.5 years - every single one of them has developed a short, most within only a few months of use. I cannot recommend them to anybody. Honestly, I'm not sure why I continued buying them - glutton for punishment I guess. I'm buying Anker products now.
Got sent a dud. DIdn't even light up when plugged in. Seriously a waste of money and time.
Pretty much complete junk. I sent this back as it always made my Mac look dirty. Couldn't keep it clean.
I am so disappointed in the product I received, not what I ordered AT ALL!! I received a horrible Blue color and not the Black I had ordered. The material is very cheap and look like cardboard.
i connected the adapter to my macbook pro with my camera's sim card and nothing was recognized.
This doesn't work. This is a scam. Amazon needs to do better weeding out these scammy products
The right mouse click broke fast. Decided to go back to Logitech.
The item never arrived and contacted seller to send a new one out asap. They respond it is my responsibility to check the tracking and not their problem once it leaves their warehouse. Refused to send a replacement item when tracking shows it was never delivered. They just choose to cancel the order instead. Never order from these people, they don't provide any sort of customer service
As soon as 30 day window closed, tablet completely stopped working. Waste of money. Do not buy
Beware, this item may be a potential fire hazard. While adjusting the RGB LEDs in my case while the Fan/LED controller was powered on my computer started emitting smoke and toxic fumes. After quickly unplugging my entire PC and pulling everything I part I traced the fire to the SATA power cable of this device. Visible in photos are the scorch marks where it arced power across my motherboard tray as well as the melted power cable after I extracted it from my PC. Thankfully I unplugged everything in time and besides some scorch marks, a terrible smell, and some parts of the insulation now fused to nearby cables, there doesn't seem to be any lasting harm to most of my main PC components, including the motherboard nearby. Still haven't tested my Noctua fans if they survived the ordeal.
Best keyboard I own... I might have had a little too much fun playing with the lights on this keyboard that I created a bit of a distraction on my desk., but the keyboard works great and the mechanical feedback is by far better then the membrane keyboards that I have used in the past... Highly recommend this keyboard. Update... 3 months of semi daily use and the number pad red lights stopped working.... Contacted the seller and they said that I have to send them the keyboard back then they would send me another keyboard.... so now I have to go about a week without a keyboard...fast forward a week get the new keyboard and get it plugged in.... funny thing is the new keyboard right out the gate has the EXACT same issue... contacting the seller again about this issue... Highly suggest you get the product from a store or buy direct from Razer.... at least they test the product before sending it out Update Kanga replied to my email about the 2nd keyboard they sent being broken as well to tell me that the warranty had expired and they would no longer be able to assist me.... i will be issuing a complaint with Amazon about this. Don't but from this company!!
The protection plan does not cover if your monitor breaks by an accident i wouldn't spend my money on this monitor again.
The device is totally unsuitable as a backup drive. I bought it to back up my Macbook Air and other Apple devices. But the device is way too slow, and the backup never finishes. I sent it back.
Just stopped working
Mouse stopped working. Yes I replaced batteries etc...nothing worked to get it going again. Tried on 2 laptops.
I waited for this keyboard cover to come back in stock and am so disappointed. It does NOT fit the Logitech MK270 keyboard. It's about an inch too short.
Within 2 weeks the edge is frayed on one of the cords.
Most of these died within a couple months but even worse is that when they die our iPhones still register them as charging (but don't actually charge). So you leave it plugged in for hours thinking that it's charging and it's still on 1% when you come back. Also a bummer is that they still look good even though they are worthless so it feels yucky to throw them out.
Not satisfied with the shipping and handling. It was supposed to be delivered by Dec 30th. Then it was going to be Jan 3rd, now they do not have any idea! The msg said to check back tomorrow if I don't receive it and they will help me out. Just give me my refund.
Sadly, two out of three of these cords are not working. The return window is closed so I have no options. I will never buy these or anything from this manufacturer again.
We received it, charged it up and it worked one session. After that the buttons would work on some parts of the game, but the joy sticks would not.
This is just a decal placed on a black Xbox controller. Far too much money for this type of item. You can buy the decal or have one made yourself. Seller also refuses to communicate & ignores inquiries. Decal was not cutout smoothly & therefore all cutouts around the buttons are jagged. Very unappealing & poorly put on. Do not buy
I ordered one of these in January to use in my computer classes. The drive stopped working in March. I contacted Samsung and went through the process to have it sent in for inspection. The process was slow because my maintenance request was not initially approved. Once it was approved I had to package and send it with a prepaid UPS label that was sent to me. The device was defective and I was sent a replacement SSD. The replacement came as a refurbished SSD. I called Samsung and was told there was an error on my paperwork that put the date of manufacture versus date of purchase. Samsung warranty is a refurbished product 90 days after purchase. I was told to send back the refurbished one so they could send a new SSD. The process took a couple of weeks. I received my new SSD and in May it too failed. I again called Samsung and went through the process. The drive was defective and I was sent a refurbished SSD again. I called Samasung, again. I was told this time it was over 90 days since purchase and a refurbished exchange is their warranty. So I basically only had each new SSD for less than 2 months before they failed. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
I've only had these charges for a couple months. One of them has already quit working. Very poor quality.
The ipad turns off and on does not want to charge
Purchased Nov 2018 and failed in March 2019. Could not find way to contact seller today when looking to contact them. PC boots and runs OK with battery removed so was not urgent to contact seller until I found time now. Hope they will contact me so I can improve their rating.
I have had the case on the computer and now the case is cracking on the corners and its annoying because it wasn't a cheep case to buy for a computer that was more than a 1000 dollars and now the corners of the computer is ruined.
3.5mm jack doesnt fit properly into RCA adapter. In order to get sound you have to constantly twist 3.5mm jack to find the right positon.
Does not work. Had to return mines several times.
Terrible! Stopped working within a month!
I seriously DO NOT recommend this product. It's literally falling apart and the fabric is coming unglued to the padding. Kinda disappointed in Belkin for cheap product, I expect better from their brand. I DO NOT recommend this, hopefully can find better made with another company.
If I could give it a zero I would, none of the bolts fits the monitors I need to hang. Worthless kit, beware.
Only gave one because couldn't leave no stars. This was the recommended case for the touch screen I got for the raspberry pi. With some drilling and creativity it can be made to work but it's not an out of the box cover. No instructions either
Love the concept of the product, but after 2 months the ring became completely loose. Impossible to use as any sort of stand now. Disappointed with the durability, would not purchase again.
This is a nice quality cover, but it does not fit my HP 14" Chromebook. I could get away with using the top as it snaps into place on 3 sides, but the bottom piece does not snap to any sides and just falls off when I pick my Chromebook up.
DO NOT BUY INTEL CPUs from Amazon they will not send the proper CPU that you paid for. Buy from Newegg or microcenter
EDIT: BUY FROM ANOTHER PARTY. . . I will change my rating if anything ever actually gets resolved! EDIT #2: IT TURNED OUT TO BE AN AMAZING CPU ONCE I GOT IT DIRECTLY FROM AMD, EVEN THOUGH IT TOOK A COUPLE WEEKS AND THEN TRYING TO STRONG-ARM ME INTO GIVING THEM A 5-STAR REVIEW WHICH I ABSOLUTELY REFUSE TO DO! ORIGINAL: I contacted Amazon and the manufacturer and nobody could tell me if it was the Mobo or CPU and they are punishing me for not having another DDR4 test computer and will probably claim they're both fine and want me to pay 15% restocking on both! I was really looking forward to putting the last piece of my $1800 puzzle together and miraculously, without fail, I get ANOTHER item that doesn't work and I STILL haven't heard anything about a replacement! Helpful votes make the world go round ✔️
Didn't work my with 2016 touch bar MacBook pro
This came with a crack and a dent in it. Will not buy again.
Worked fine for a couple of months them stopped. Best to stick with Apple chargers.
Sent a lower end model that is only capable of 60hz
It worked for a short period of time then started getting sketchy.
These were NOT made for the wii-u. They were made for the Wii emulator It has a wii-remote adapter and the wii-u requires a USB
Poor quality, doesn't last long. The glue on the rubber buttons in the bottom part lasted not even a week.
Worked well for 6 months before the power pass through feature died.
This item didn't work when it was received. It needs to be returned.
Don't waste money. Played 3 games of league and left click already stopped working. Waited a week to return it in less than 24 hours .
At first I was really happy with my purchase. It looked well and worked great. However, after a few months it started warping and bowing. So much, in fact, that the drawer no longer opens. The wood is also splitting. It looks exactly like the pictures another reviewer posted. I'm going to try and take some more pictures and post them here. It was stored and cared for properly. Never placed near heater vent, etc. I cannot recommend this. It should last more than a few months. I've been trying to reach out to Sofia + Sam's but have not had any success yet. Will update if I hear anything.
Did not receive my adapters
I picked this fan because it was the perfect size and was very economical. It was supposed to have 3 speeds, but only the lowest speed works. The second speed works for about 10 seconds and then the fan turns itself off. The third speed doesn't work either. I would return it, but I had already thrown the box away and all return material. Also, none of the instructions/directions on the diagram were in English. It took me awhile to even figure out how to turn it on. I was contacted by Ben from the company weeks ago who promised me a new one, but I have not received one and doubt that I will.
I found it frustrating to apply, the suction cups fell off when I was trying to apply to my I pad. I discarded the Screen Protector where it belonged
Does not work out of the box. Need to find, download and configure device handlers. Sorry, if you cant make it work out of the box, I dont need it.
this is the wort I've ever had. Don't buy it
The most useful buttons which are UP/DOWN hang in bottom position which makes the device completely unusable. The problem appeared after two months of use but now (4 months) I can't use it at all because the cursor moves UP and DOWN permanently (I used it with KODI).
I purchased this a month ago to take with me on a semester abroad, and it worked well at home -- image quality was a little grainy, but not too bad. Two weeks later, I tried it again and it didn't work at all. So frustrated.
This is NOT an external hard drive as advertised, it is JUST the case. Put your money elsewhere.
As another (actual verified purchase) individual states here, these are literally worthless. The micro USB does NOT fit into the android, as stated per description. There were 3 cables. None of them work. Shoddy workmanship. I took note of the abundance of unverified purchases here. This is going back - AND I'm reporting the seller.
Settings were not easy to set right. Very difficult to use with World of Warcraft. Then the USB failed.
This is the crappiest monitor ever. An old TV had better display. It makes my eyes focus so much and text picture quality along with everything else is so bad!
Exactly one year to the day and this case has cracks on the front. I bought this brand because of the expected protection. Disappointed. Did not realize I would still have opportunity to leave a review, that is why it took so long. Go for a cheaper one if the more expensive ones are not going to last.
I was looking forward to using this on my new MacBook. As a college student it'd be nice to be able to charge your phone while you do homework at a coffee shop or library. Unfortunately this product doesn't work. I tried to plug in multiple different things and they didn't get any power.
This is a revised review. Save your money and buy something else. This device has been trouble from the start. The card reader failed right out of the box, eventually is caused issues connecting to the internet via ethernet. Caused wifi issues as well, but that could have been somewhat blamed on Apple.
They stated they never recieved the returned item. I cancelled this product before it shipped to my house and they stated they never recieved it so i was out of the 600 plus dollars spent on this stupid thing, as well as the money i soend for insurance which wasn't necessary seeing as i never got the product. Do not order through them. I feel like I was scammed. I had too confront my bank to try and resolve this. What. Mess.
I tried to use this as a way to send TV sound to an Echo device...huge audio delay from video...unusable.
Purchase was for my sons ipad but it doesn't hold up, the back party eventually falls out so honestly it's a waste of money . i still use it without the back plastic part but not durable kid friendly .
Does not work on an S7 , or a Mac - from an IT professional
It has a good size, but be careful when saving big files. It has a “safe” feature that blocks the pen drive and it turns to be useless. Unfortunately, it happened to me in the first use. What got me very upset is that I had to pay for The shipping to have it checked and eventually to get a refund. It cost me almost 50% of what I paid for the item in the first place! Most companies send a reverse shipping code so you don't have to pay for it, specially when it's a falty item or an issue that is not the user's falt. Anyways, a couple of weeks later I got a replacement shipped, but amazingly I also had to pay for importing fees as SanDisk decided to ship a new one from the US and declared the price for customs (it was a replacement, and there was nothing in the box saying it was a replacement. Customs just charged as if I had just bought a new item full price!) Does it works? It works. Would I buy again? Probably not from Sandisk, since the extra price I had to paid I could have bought 2 of these.
I installed my computer with a Samsung 860 evo as my boot drive and this as my data drive. This was the loudest and most annoying component in my computer by far. It makes this very annoying grinding noise that you will definitely hear unless you have headphones and are playing something at high volume. At one point the noise was so strong, I could hear the vibration carrying to my plexiglass case window.
I ordered this, and never even received it. I was told that it had been "damaged in transit", which would reinforce other reviewer's tales of poor packaging on Razer's part.
Worked fine when I first installed it. After about a week, it quit working...no sound. So I rebooted the computer, and it worked again for about an hour, then it quit. The basic problem is that the necessary drivers do not exist. I ordered a Sound Blaster, and it works great.
bought this in 2015 , its 2019 and it broke on me
The download instructions are in Chinese. Best of luck.
Don't know what all the hype is about. Sure they look cool, won't tangle and is very unique. But where it counts they fall short. Both of the cords I was sent don't stay plugged in and I am unable to charge my phone without having to repetitively check to see if it's actually plugged in properly.
I ordered 2 of these cat5e cables to replace my current cat5 cables because the cables were bottlenecking my bandwidth. With the cat5 I was maintaining a steady speed of 80 mbps. Once I tested the cat5e from amazon, one was capped at 12 mbps and the other fluctuated wildly from 12 to 60 mpbs. Both cables were faulty, which is sad because.. they're cables. They're not complex pieces of machinery--if both are defective it's a sign of poor quality control in general. Very disappointing.
Wish I didn't purchase this
It broke as soon as I got it
It does Not work !!
I'm leaving one star because this was not the product I received. The product in the photo and listed on the site is not the product I was sent. This was actually great when I bought it from Microsoft directly. What I received was the Surface Pro with no LTE. At least Amazon was great about refunding my money.
lasted just over a month before it just says plugged in, not charging. I just purchased it and cant return it because its been longer than thirty days. will not be buying this brand again
The product was defective and Elgato technical support was useless.
Arrived and a bubble mailer when I should have been shipped in a box. product was broken and sent in Packaging that looks used
The charging worked for all of 30 seconds and then stopped completely. Tried it with with numerous different lighting cables too. Don't buy this.
Very very bad hardware. I saved a large amount of important files, music, movies etc throughout last year (2018). Yesterday the drive stopped working without any warning! Its power indicator led lights up if I connect it to my desktop but the drive does not show up. I tried multiple laptops and it's the same: no drive. This thing has a warranty but all the data I saved is lost! I cannot believe a drive which is powered on via USB can be so awfully unreliable, given it is made by a renowned company like Seagate. I am never buying anything made by Seagate.
This tablet is a complete piece of garbage. I've had it for a week and have decided to return it. It bogs every time an app is opened, quits in the middle of tasks, and the screen scrolls very slowly. It hangs more often than it works. Very disappointing.
My new iPad is much thinner & lighter in weight, however this cover makes the whole thing MUCH HEAVIER than the one replaced. VERY disappointed. In addition if you are using the iPad vertically and touch the screen near the top, it often collapses because there is too much weight for the cover.
This computer is crap. Worst 170 dollars I ever spent.
After 3 years of use, almost to date. The unit died. My last modem was Motorola and it was in use for 7 years and never quit. We upgraded to this unit as it was a much faster unit. But it just did not last.
This item just doesn't work with my Xbox controller. I contacted customer services and at first, they were helpful and offered a replacement. However, it didn't arrive and got no confirmation with the seller. Would not recommend this product.
I received items in timely manner. However I already have one of drive went corrupted. It's very slow speed but i can deal with it.
I'd give ZERO stars if I could... This computer is Constantly shutting down and giving me problems any time I try to do anything. I've lost work and reports due to the shut downs (pissed). I've talk to customer support and they can't ever help, then they transfer me to Dell Support which I was told I have to pay for since the computer is refurbished and not under warranty (found out this computer is OVER 5 years old)... not happy with this Shop or their referbished computers that don't wanna work properly... and another thing this thing is SLOW AF! My BF tried to do a super nice thing for me and get me a computer so I didn't have to go to the library but guess what... I still have to go to the library even AFTER he spent too much money on a bad piece of equipment! My suggestion, go to a computer store and get something NEW with a warranty... Save yourself the headache, hassle, and wasted $
You get what you pay for.... very poorly made Bluetooth
I didn't use it for a few months. I kept it in my office on the back credenza like a book standing on its edge. When I went to apply it had been totally warped. Flattened. Junk.
Look elsewhere. Chances are you will not be happy with the purchase. Threw mine away the second I was finished putting it on.
This did not fit my MacBook Pro 13” and the keyboard was a weird lime green.
Not worth it. Messed up all my pictures. All my pictures are now not in order date wise.
Bought this some time ago. I have a powerful desktop PC and have not had the opportunity to use this with my laptop until nearly a year later. I sold my desktop rig and began setting my office space up for my laptop. This fan is very thick and raises the keyboard to an uncomfortable level. The fan and casing itself look and feels solid. One HUGE problem.....it didn't come with the included power cable so it's a paperweight. I waited so long to open it that it's well past warranty and I don't feel the seller should be on the hook because it took me forever to even use the product.
I was really upset to find out that I paid a new price for a used item. Very unprofessional!
It's not a TEMPERED GLASS screen protector as it says it is. It is one of those hard plastic film screens. Might as well buy a film screen protector for half the price. Highly disappointed. I expected to receive a tempered glass screen protector. Touch screen works and the FILM doesn't cover the camera so of course the face recognition works.
This product refuses to stay synced to a PS4. No matter what settings on the console, the controller disconnects and you have to unplug/replug in order to gain control. Don't waste your time.
Product came missing parts. There was no keyboard cover or inserts with it. Everything else is great though.
The product was broke when we received it.
Materials has not come as per request its not 256 GB its only 230 GB....
After 2 months of light use it will charge, then stop charging, start charging again, then stop again. It does this constantly.
Would not pair with my Fire TV 4k. Sending it back.
doesn't work properly.... poor quality
This charger did not work at all! It came defective and so had to return right away.
Will not connect to phone
This device does not work with my MacBook Pro (13-inch, 2017, Two Thunderbolt 3 ports)
Looks great. Doesn't perform well.
First time I closed it, it cracked the screen on my ipad. Small tabs at the bottom of the keyboard poked the screen. I waited too lomg to try it out otherwise I'd have returned it. Cost me $100 to replace the screen.
Our router is on the first floor. We wanted to boost the signal on our 2nd computer that is on the 2nd floor. This booster did no boosting. We ended up returning the product
It worked great until it stopped working. Light dead, nothing. I had it for 6 months, first I thought it was the SSD dying, but I re-installed it back in to my Macbook Air and it worked, definitely the case logic board is dead. I find no way to contact the seller now about any warranty.
I would recommend steering clear of this seller. We purchased three refurbished computers, and the windows OS key didn't work on any of them. We spent hours going round and round with the seller, who kept saying it wasn't their issue and referred us to Microsoft. Microsoft said the keys were not valid. It got to the point where I was simply tired of fighting with the seller to get this resolved. We are taking the loss and moving on.
I ordered these chargers and within maybe 2 months only one of the 3 chargers is working.. I used the 10ft charger less than 5 times before it stopped working.
The tablet slips. IT looks good but I had to improvise a stopper. Nothing holds it in place
It didn't work on my 4K or any other tv!!! This product is the worse I've ever bought!!! Don't waste your money on this.
I bought this and another like it because at the time it had fairly good reviews and it could be used on iOS or Android or USB. Mostly got it for iOS use. The app it said to download wasn't available. I tried using it just as a USB stick, but it won't keep the files I load onto it! They disappear!!! I tried fixing it with the repair utility on the computer and it says there is nothing wrong! Properties says there is 72 GB of space used, but explorer says it is empty!!! Life is hectic for me, so I haven't had a chance to work with it much until recently, being past the return and support windows. I gave another one to a friend. Same thing!!! Junk!!! Absolute junk!!! And I am out the money, too, on both items!!!
They sent me two cords that did not fit together. One was black and one was white so there was no accidental mix up. There was just blatant disregard to product satisfaction.
Great concept however it has software issues. Also claims it's full, but when I connect it to my PC, it shows only a fraction of the memory is being used.
I got this with the intention of having a number pad for my Surface Pro 3. The unit was never "found" by the computer, and there is no way to know if the pad is even on (no indicator light of any kind.) It now sits in a desk drawer as a nice sized paper weight. Sending it back would cost as much as the unit cost to begin with, so I guess you get what you pay for.
After a month they stopped working saying “accessory not supported”
Ugly and doesn't look exactly like the description. It didn't fit my iPad Pro 12.9 inch and when I tried to get a refund they said they will give me back 50% still waiting.
This didn't work at all. My computer or surface pro wouldn't read it. Waste of money.
The HP unit itself so far has been OK but a little slow at times, the wireless mouse was just a piece of crap and finally quit working, then the wireless keyboard quit working, not sure if it was the keyboard or the unit but I plugged in an old keyboard and it works great. I tried to go on HP's WEB site but just got run around so much I had to quit then finally found a # to call but got put on hold forever and finally hung up. If you purchase a HP PC don't expect any help.
I think these are supposed to last longer than 5 months, but mine stopped charging in February after I bought it the previous October. The part where the wire connects to the adapter to plug into my laptop must be fragile because sometimes if I wiggle that part around enough, it will reconnect and charge again. But as soon as I move it, it becomes disconnected again. Not useful.
It smelled so bad I was unable to use it. The design was great but even after setting it outside to air, it was still so pungent that the flies swarmed around it.
I have used several expensive glass protectors and they never left so many bubbles as these cheap ones. Very disappointed but they were cheap.
Seller has since updated their description since i purchased this over a month ago. Originally stated that the cord will transfer data at USB 3.0 speeds, which it clearly does not. Decided to keep it as a basic USB-C to Lightning cord instead of going thru the hassle to return it. Worked ok at first, but now the last 3 weeks, the cord only works intermittently. Most of the time, i need to unplug it and flip it back and forth until it connects again.
I've tried every possible way to connect this product that is sold as easy to connect. It won't work. I'll be sending it back.
Scam! Does not work!
Confirmed the serial number with Apple and found out that this was a preowned product even though it was sold as new. Very upset and disappointed about this, I wish I could give no stars.
I wasn't sent the product advertised in the pictures. It has a different end that doesn't fit the PS2 and is therefore unusable. Waste of money.
PC ran for about 1.5hrs without any problems, then one of the sticks failed. When I rebooted the pc, another stick failed. Returning for refund.
I ordered this laptop like new but when I received it it was covered in crumbs and the top right corner of the screen is bent in like it was dropped. There's also a scratch across the center of the screen. There are also some small scratches on the screen and on the lid. The fingerprint sensor is awful but I expected that. The Norton pop-ups are pretty annoying, hopefully they'll go away when my trial is up. The laptop runs pretty well and is good enough for me to do school work on. I guess my biggest complaint is the damage. The crumbs were gross and inconsiderate but I got most of them with some air duster. Aside from a worthless fingerprint sensor, I'd probably be very happy with this laptop if had spent the extra money and bought it new.
After 2 weeks, this charger began shooting sparks and short circuiting. Lucky my laptop did not get fried. Do not buy this if you value not setting your home or computer on fire.
If 2 usbs are inserted to the ports and the hub is connected to mac, only one device gets detected. I need to remove another usb and then reinsert it to make it working. I don't recommend this product!
Fell apart almost instantly
Followed simple instructions but components would not communicate. Attempted 3 times. There are no troubleshooting procedures to follow if the installation is unsuccessful.
I loved the charger as soon as I got it, however it's only been 4 months and it stop working out of nowhere
Sorry but this pencil did not work for me not if it is the lapis but does not work well write very cut and the lines are not continuous, I tried on several devices but always did the same.
I bought this router in October of 2017. I have been very pleased with it until just recently. After 7 months of use, I am now experiencing dropped signals when streaming various programming to my Fire TV. I have several Fire TV's and it happens on all of them. In the middle of watching a show, the program drops out and returns to the Fire TV home screen. It seems to be an intermittent problem. I'll look and see if I have the latest version of the firmware installed tonight. Hopefully its not to difficult to update. Any instructions will be appreciated. Updated the firmware, will have to test it out to see if there are any further issues.
Purchased this mouse in Nov. my bad for not try it out. It does not work. :( brought it to NY with me to use. To my surprise it did nothing. Tried it on other computers and nothing happens.
I purchased this about 1.5 months ago. I dont take it anywhere, it just sits in my room attached to a power strip. It has ceased to operate correctly. It blinks/charges on and off at about 1 second intervals. I'm afraid this will ruin my battery so i don't use it anymore. I would not purchase this item if I were you.
Flimsy. Easily knocked over your ps4 isnt safe in this a
It doesn't work. Don't waist your money. Cheap low quality and it does not work with any of the chargers or devices that I tried.
It's too small for the Galaxy 9.6 I ordered at the same time
Dont buy if you want it for xbox one because it doesnt work
I will be returning this "new" item which has clearly already been opened by someone else. The box was ripped and had a dirty residue all over the back. Inside the package, the battery was missing. Who knows if the stylus actually works or not- without the battery I can't use it.
I bought this in October. I only took it out of the box recently, within the last 2 weeks. The part that plugs in to the surface pro is coming apart like it wasn't glued shut correctly. I am so unhappy with this purchase. My original AC adapter lasted for 5 years, this one lasted 2 weeks. Absolutely DO NOT buy this! Waste of money! Well, this was purchased in October 2018. By January 2019 the entire thing has fallen apart and no longer works. Absolutely terrible product.
Mine was DOA. Do yourself a favor and check out other products this company has. They offer the exact same extender, just with much worse reviews. Seems kind of fishy.
Low functioning, didn't meet my expectations....
Speakers fall all day the stands they are on suck also really cheap built sound is awful no mids heavy bass that's it these are made to break
I just purchased this and I cannot get it to work. My iPhone has not asked me if adaptor can be trusted. I've googled so many forums and cannot get it to work.
Nice color, but the case doesn't stay on at all. Even opening my Mac makes the top case fall off. I got the exact size case for my Mac's serial number so only buy this case if you want to sit and stare at the nice color of the case but never open and close your laptop
This has to be the biggest waste of money on a slow computer , the speed is so slow and crashes so often
Had two of these and both of them randomly decided they were lock protected and can not be unlocked. Total waste of money.
I needed to replace the charge for my Acer laptop and settled on this one because the description said it would work with my laptop and it had good reviews. It does technically work, but it gets REALLY hot and the connection at the laptop is so loose it constantly falls out if you move the wrong way. Do not buy!
I was sent the wrong item and requested credit. I tried to get a return label and was not able to. I was told that one would be sent by UPS. I left the item wrapped and ready for return for pickup for tow weeks on my covered front porch and the UPS driver never received a pick up label for this item. A few days before, I responded via the company's customer service that I was still awaiting a return label and still have not received one. The item is now NO LONGER ABLE TO BE RETURNED. I am a Prime customer and get Amazon deliveries usually twice a week from Amazon and have always appreciated their return policy. I am really disappointed in this vendor for not following through.
These stickers lost color within a week or two of being on my vehicle. The Italian boot flag went from red/white/green to dark pinkish-orange/white/and blue.
The stand scratches the back of the iPad. I would return it but I didn't notice the scratches until the return window passed.
I bought this product for my 11 inch macbook air and it didn't fit. It was not true to size.
This is the most expensive, disappointing, useless product I've bought. I've had it for 3 years and I've been able to use it once. To get my money's worth, I've even tried to use it at home in the US but it won't connect. I've attempted to contact customer service several times as mention in previous ratings. I've attempted to use while camping thinking that a "global" device could connect to the internet anywhere. I had no success in Alaska and finally was able to use occasions in the UK. The size and shape were completely disappointing. It doesn't fit any compact pack or pocket so you can't carry it around unless you have a large bag. I wish I could get my money back!!!!
The top of the shell works and stayed on the macbook pro. Unfortunately, the bottom did not stay on and will not protect your laptop. Do not purchase.
Never worked reliably and stopped working completely after less than 3 months. Used it to actually "switch" between computers maybe less than 20 times total. All three computers attached to it (a desktop PC, and 2 laptops) would randomly lose connection to the mouse, keyboard or video, requiring a hard reboot to find them again. Switch buttons would randomly not do anything, and finally stopped working entirely. The Prime box it was shipped in was probably more useful in the end.
Did not retrieve any data. Did not replace my drive. Did not refund my purchase. My original drive was returned to me 20 days after they received it.
My 2000 thousand pictures had lost because of this item ;( it doesn't work well
It died 1 year and 1 week after purchase. No speakers is the biggest complaint otherwise.
I don't know were these came from but they are already broken.
The battery didn't hold the charge After charging for one hour it only lasted 30 minutes
Don't waste your time. This computer has a faulty screen. Software wasn't reset. Has other persons info in it; including the ms office key. Spend the extra 40 bucks and get a new one.
didn't even work on any of my smartphone. my phone trying to format it but came back saying corrupted.
I got this in September and I really like this book bag, and I was really excited to get it but the fact that it broke within a couple months is the reason I am making this 1 star. This should be durable and last way longer than 5 months. Really great book sack just wish it would last longer.
This literally lasted me 2 days. It lifted and just came off half of my screen. Not worth buying!!!!
I have to give one star for prompt arrival. But all three were broken within 3-4 months. The tips broke off two within 2 months from pulling cord out. I just wish things lasted. I now pay extra for Apple charges
Never really worked right to begin with kind on the slow side had to tap the screen twice for the price I understand but. After one week it completely quit. And the shipping time was ridiculous to get to my house almost 2 weeks.... Save your money
i got the completely wrong sticker pack, not a single sticker shown in the picture was sent to me
Like many others, I was attracted to the form factor, the OWC brand, and the limited number of such products on the market. I should have listened to the negative reviews. When I was removing my laptop from the dock entirely, on a daily basis, it was great. Now that I leave my laptop in place, every morning the dock fails to wake up, necessitating a power cycle. This is of course completely unacceptable.
Not recognized by switch, got read errors from all 3 PCs I tried it in. Returned.
Received open box item. Amazon has been doing this a lot lately. Inspect everything!
Stopped charging our phones after a few months if that, not happy with this product I do not recommend them.
The unit I received is defective. Only shows green and red, any other color setting make my Cpu cooler stop spinning and shows no color on those selections
6 months later and I am pulling out the old router because orbi has failed. And over night the router changed its name. Lost to much of my mind on this
Does not fit Lenovo IdeaPad 100S.
Big Disappointment. The product arrived in a Damaged Box with a Huge Hole you could see the monitor. I attempted to start the computer and could not connect the keyboard or mouse with the computer.
This ad cards are not good one of them did not work at all and I'm struggling with the other one,it doesn't want to storage all of my pictures and videos just a few ones.
I have been buying computers and monitors since 1996. I always give my old monitors as a gift to someone else when i buy a new one. This is the first time ever i had a monitor DEAD in 7 months!!! Was working perfectly well since February 2019. Yesterday, all was fine. I had a short nap and woke up with this. It is not related to PC. Even if not connected to PC, once you turn it on, you get these lines and colors. You can't do or see anything. I guess it is dead. I have no option to return. Any one thinks anything can be done to fix it? I will end up buying a new monitor. It was doing very well while functional to be honest but i never expected it will die in 7 months of light use.
Excited to get these working, set them all up and hide the cables and power up the machine. I then had to search the internet for the driver since the site itself doesn't even have a downloads section that is easy to find and installed it. Come to find out either the controller is broken or the portal software is.... Quick search and I find this is a common issue.... Yet support seems to be clueless.
The parts are all plastic and fall apart after using them a couple of months. Not recommended!
Within days of putting it on the computer, the bottom part of the case broke, rendering it useless. My daughter already had stickers all over the top part, so we could not return it. Contacted customer service to try to get the bottom cover replaced & received no response.
Unit freezes up. Usually 2-3 times a day. the only way I can get it to unfreeze is turn it off, pull out the power cord, plug the power cord back in and turn it on. Then it works until the next time it freezes. Since the unit is on another floor, it's a pain.
Can someone help.... Screen is black.
The quality of this leather case is very poor. The fake leather is so bad that it doesn't even look or feel like leather one bit. Also, the flap does not have any attachment or magnet to stay down. It was also too small for my iPad Pro 11 inch.
Purchased the card for 45.00 and didn't like the one I got, never opened it, trying to return it, been a prime member forever it seems, Amazon wants to charge me 8 bucks to return it, or roughly 18%.
I purchased a New Surface Pro 3 days ago. File Explorer, the most basic function on any PC just hangs up. I tried the various on line support options, even requested a person. so far nothing. As a 40 year IT professional I am so thoroughly disgusted with Microsoft that I am returning this product for credit.
Battery life was poor. Would only last around 30 mins from a full charge. The battery started to swell about a month later and now it's swollen to the point where it forced open the tablet .
The actual clip piece is very small so it doesn't get a good grip of the book, or even a small number of pages. I don't use it and should have returned it, but it's more of a hassle to return it than to just call it a loss
When I put this onto my phone, it looked great... but I could not swipe or text anything on my phone! I had to actually hold down and press for a response from the phone!
Laptop was not what was advertised, does not have a dvd. What happened to 2 day prime shipping.
This took me 30 minutes to transfer 15 gb. Thats USB 2.0 speed. Also it wasn't able to transfer large files.
The end of this cord that plugs into the computer became burning hot - I actually burned my fingers taking it from the computer. I shudder to think what would have happened had I left it in place. It was on a lap desk on my bed. It could easily have started my bedding on fire. Stay away from this one!
The cables don't work. One was DOA, the other one worked for a month or so, and third one quit after 10 weeks. The ends heat up. I would not recommend this product. Unfortunately, I waited too long to return this product.
Very small and the zipper broke immediately. With my daughter leaving for Italy in the morning, there's nothing we can do. Huge inconvenience
Total junk. Constantly losing WiFi signal. Their own site to manage the router won't even work would not buy again.
This is very cheap plastic and is falling apart - I asked for refund or replacement 2 days after the 30 day deadline, when just one of the corners had chipped off, now both have fallen off and surrounding plastic has stress lines/failing. This cover should last more than 6 weeks...my other one lasted about 6 years. Zero help from the company so far...you are welcome to reply with a refund/replacement.
not working in my acer predator 15... needed to return and buy another brand
The case is made of glass... yes the case is made of glass. I broke it within two weeks of buying it. Acer indicated it would cost $500 USD to repair. BUT they offered a discount to 400 USD. Needless to say I can't/will not be paying that. I understand that I broke it, so I'm willing to pay a repair cost, but 400-500 USD is absurd. Otherwise I've really liked this laptop especially after switching from a Mac, but I certainly will not be buying another Acer and would not recommend that others do due to the poor material choice making it easy to cause aesthetic damage.
Doesn't always work or connect correctly. A little pain in my rear end and frustration
Cuts out when I'm like 5 feet from it. Can't connect more than one device to it at a time.
Product was great....until the entire bottom corner of the screen became dim and looked horrible. I haven't even had the monitor for two months and it's messed up. If you're investing in a monitor for gaming, don't cut corners. Just spend the money, you get what you pay for.
amazon will ship you a used product
I was really excited to throw this MOBA in my rig, however, got it plugged and running (plug and play is awesome) played some games, did some video editing, life is good. However, 2 days later it just stopped displaying. After literally 6 hours of testing and switching psu, gpu, ram, etc finally discovered that the Dr. debug wasn't lighting up, and thus the MOBA is done. Maybe DOA is a little harsh, but may as well have been.
I take extremely good care of my tech. This product is garbage. It flimsily connects to the MacBook Pro. Today on only my 3rd time ever using the device it simply didn't “connect” to the laptop despite being plugged in. Every port on the laptop works perfectly, the device is simply cheap and poorly made inside. Perhaps I simply got a bad model off the assembly line... who knows...
Paper thin and very flimsy. Dull colors, waste of money
Doesn't actually charge the phone. Product doesn't work. I will be returning this product, what a waste of money and waste of time.
yes i bought this 2017. but after not over a year, the sub woofer got heated. i smell some electric burning after that not working anymore. Why it takes to long to complain. i forgot where i bought it until now i trace the history. Can you do something about the product. Thanks.
worked for a week and then just stopped
It has only been a week since I bought this charger and it has already stopped working!
Did not receive this item
The purchase was disappointing. The metal part near the plugin is not firmly attached. Out of the three cables, one of them did not work at all new; the other one worked a very short time.
SD card reader did not work. Returned for refund.
This router worked decently for about a year. Year and a half... and then the 5ghz band started dropping. As an electronics technician, I sincerely recommend reading the poor reviews below. Not buying from this company again.
macOS (First High Sierra, now Mojave) frequently reports that the disk cannot be read. Sometimes it appears to be OK, other times the OS reports the disk as bad. Cannot use for anything. Junk.
Did not receive this item, do not see how to contact Amazon to get resolved.
I ordered these because the ring light sounded very handy (I'm always struggling to get good lighting for web conferencing) and because my laptop's embedded camera is at the hinge which is an awkward angle. However, neither of the cameras I bought work on either of my computers. Both of my computers are relatively new -- a Dell Precision laptop purchased about 5 months ago, and a Dell OptiPlex desktop purchased last week. The cameras don't seem to work with the USB outlets -- the LED doesn't light up, the ring light doesn't light up, and the camera does not show up as an option on my computers. My best guess is that this device doesn't work with the newest USB ports. I am returning them.
I ordered this item a week ago and amazon has informed it was lost. They have not asked about trying to send out another one or giving me a gift card for their failures.
This mouse has a beautiful design; but is overall garbage. After using this mouse for a few days I started getting the same issue others who have purchased this mouse had; you would have to click a few times to get it to work, or it wouldn't stop clicking. On top of that this mouse is pretty tiny.
Buyer Beware. The first sign that something wasn't right was that this product is not being sold by Apple. I took my chances...tried to save some money. On arrival everything started fine, but definitely seemed pretty slow compared to our previous MacBook Pro. First sign of real trouble came when I downloaded Microsoft Outlook for my work e-mail. The computer couldn't handle it. Spinning beach ball time. Force quit (took a long time)... uninstalled Outlook and things went back to working, but remained slower than a normal Apple. Wife (already skeptical) told me to return it while it was still under Prime return policy. I balked. Held out (again being cheap). Computer worked well enough for about a month that I was OK with it for the cost savings being somewhat slow. Suddenly nothing worked. Literally you would move the trackpad (mouse) and the spinning beach ball would appear. Couldn't even scroll far enough to open a program without the beach ball endlessly spinning. Return policy became a little tricky. Fortunately the product was backed with a 90 day warranty. It took a couple call to Amazon customer service to: A) Return the product B) Get a full refund (they tried to apply a restocking fee). In the end was fully refunded which I appreciate greatly, but would not recommend purchasing.
Did not fit my tablet. Do not have money to return it. Not satified.
Did not last a year.
I purchased it on June 19, 2019 In less than a month i couldn't use it anymore, it started having like static sound and the audio was on and off, and now only 1 ear is working. I was just using it for phone calls, and nothing like active that could break it.
Used consistently for less than 2 months before it stopped working.
ITS A MONTH AND IT WONT CHARGE THE CONNECTORS FOR THE KEYBOARD DOESNT WORK ITS JUST GARBAGE DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT BUY
Unfortunately, this stopped working after 2 months.
I purchased the surface pro 4 with a i5 processor and I was giving the m3 processor
I have had this cord only used for plugging in at night occasionally next to my bed and out of no where it stopped charging. I have shorter version I keep in my kitchen that still works, not sure why the longer version went out with less use. Disappointed.
I bought this for my car so I can charge more than one device at a time. When I plugged in my iPhone and an ipad, neither charged. The cords worked when plugged directly into my car USB but this splitter didn't provide enough power to charge my devices. I have to return and get something else.
In a few days after purchase, product stopped working.
This vendor is either a fraud or has no quality control.
There wasn't this item inside box. There are only book, not this pen. I need it asap
I bought this product since under description said that has a 2 GB RAM memory, but when I received it was of 1 GB RAM.
I really like the design and function of this thing and haven't had any trouble with my MacBook Air in the older model. But after a year of having my MacBook Pro 13" (2017) in the stand about 100% of the time the lid opened a quarter inch and stayed open even out of the stand. After a bit I took it out I found that the entire case was warped so much that not only does the lid not close but the bottom of the Macbook doesn't sit on the feet anymore as the center has bowed out and you can spin it like a top. I do not recommend....
bought two - put the first one in a baby monitor camera and it worked for a week and became corrupt. put the second one in and it worked for about a month - now it says it's locked . . . and it is not locked.
Could not read the CF cards. Sent it back.
Card said it was 512GB but only had 128GB. Probably bogus.
Didn't work with macOS
Package said it was windows 7 compatible. Driver would not install correctly no matter what I tried.
I have had two other IPads with an Otterbox case and was pleased. This one does not fit properly on my IPad Pro. I must remove the cover to charge and then the opening for the charger is so close the the case charger opening it is difficult to plug into. So disappointed. I wish I had known this earlier but did not use the new IPAD for several months after receiving it as a gift. 😢
Very disappointed in the quality of this case. The case does not have a "click" that holds it when you are not using the keyboard. It is not practical by any means, especially for the price it was.
Did not ship with the USB cable.
I receive nothing ok! Is not fair
Not a quality product. Video quality very bad.
These things are so poorly designed it blows me away. Usually only leave positive reviews but these things really suck. You have to fight with them just to get them to actually acknowledge that your computer is trying to send them sound. Half the time we cannot even get them to "switch on" due to the absurd design.
Caused a huge leak. Doesn't seal properly. Almost got stuck in the fridge. Horrible product.
When using my computer to connect to the hub's HDMI port, it's easy to make the screen blink.
Got it for my laptop (because the speakers had crapped out) they are better than nothing & ok for the price i guess- but theres no high end to them (treble) as they are mostly only midrange sounding & its really hard to understand the dialog of someone talking on say youtube etc... its small though so for the price i decided to just keep it. Wouldnt buy it again though.
Bad item tablet does not fit in case..at all
Could not get it to work with app on three different manufacturer smart phone's.
I paid for extra for so-called guaranteed shipping. I got the notification that my computer arrived, but got home only to eventually learn that it hadn't actually been delivered! I'm beyond disappointed and angry that nobody bothered to contact me if there was a delay. And even angrier that it said it was delivered when it wasn't. I really hope the seller gets back to me to sort this mess out.
I got this thing, plugged it into my iphone8, put in 4 diff SD cards and nothing. It just does nothing at all.
Did not fit my tablet. Do not buy/
I did not recieve the package
Completely dead after only 3 uses. Maybe I just got a bad one, but had to throw away. A shame because otherwise the size and air output was really nice
This product gives every impression that it comes with a screen protector, IT DOES NOT.
It when he hold charge for a good hour
I did not receive my product. When it was delivered. I received an empty package.
I ordered this in August. Not only have I not gotten it but I haven't received a refund either. Do not buy anything from these people.
Terrible product. It breaks as soon as you open and they delivered the wrong model
I have used 3 different mouse pads and like this one my mouse will not track on them. Funny that when I flipped the pad over the mouse would track better, but movement was choppy due to the nature of the gripper surface. My mouse tracks just fine on black vinyl or a magazine cover or any dark colored surface, but not a mouse pad...
Don't work.I bought it for my wife. It didn't work for her.After fully charging, I tried it on my iPhone.There was no electricity.Do not purchase this product.
I have never had a mouse wheel die this fast. Not even 4 full days of lite use passed by and the scroll wheel has ceased to function entirely. Though it looks cool, I will not be buying a new one, nor would I recommend this product to anyone.
stopped working after a month
Total piece of junk!! DO NOT BUY. I've spend the last 4 hours trying to install this piece of crap. I've downloaded drivers, uninstalled, reinstalled, searched the internet for solutions...only to find a ton of people with the same issue....CAMERA NOT DETECTED. I should have bought a Logitech. I've learned my lesson. A great waste of $23. I'm glad I didn't pay a dime more for the awful product!! Not worth my time or cost of returning it. Thanks Microsoft!!
This stupid thing came with a broken R1 key, but we threw away the box. So annoyed
This product is really bad! Do not buy it. It stopped working after only a few months.
Product did not work, bought a two pack neither of them worked for transmitting data will let you charge that's it .
The item is not portable but requires 120V power.
Your better off buying something from a male brand company mine broke after a month of having it all it does when you turn it on is it just flashes with the start up lighting effect every 5 seconds or so it won't accept input from any of the keys it won't connect o the computer via Bluetooth or usb also won't even reset I called amazon and they tried calling the seller whom did not answer amazon so amazon gave me there customer support email and phone number and I am quite upset by the fact nobody will get back to me and any time I email them it I get a. Automated response saying please call customer service at the number provided which is the number amazon gave me that nobody answers or calls back from
USB does not work with 2 devices.
Doesn't fit. Horrid quality. Was completely filled with bubbles.
k so i got this thing yesterday, used it for about 4 or 5 hours yesterday and now it doesnt even work . i mainly connect to my pc usb port because i get hot from moving the computer onto my lap to relax, but ive even plugged it into a wall outlet & still nothing ... i was only able to use it for those hours yesterday and honestly, it sucks . no air pressure and not quiet at all . i ordered pink and in the picture, its so much prettier . the pink is actually more like a deep salmon color, not a pretty pink like advertised . disappointed that i was only able to use it in less than one day ...
After 1 1/2 months keyboard is dead. Wouldn't recommend.
Product does not work at all, it hardly stays in the wall and does not charge my Mac. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND
A fake, non Apple product. Real Apple chargers say Designed by "Apple" in California. No UL listing icon either. Thankfully I identified this before using and possibly damaging my expensive iPad Pro. Live and learn.
Ordered 7 inch case and this is for 6 inch
I am extremely disappointed. The computer almost immediately showed issues with the graphics where I get a gray patterned screen and have to reboot to clear it. Use, gray screen, reboot, repeat . . . . Will never purchase a computer off of Amazon again.
Needed this but will not fit with lifeproof case. Really annoying to run into this problem all the time. I sold the items to a friend and they worked great for him. He had a different style of case
Lasted about 6 months before it stopped working. It never once could install any windows updates, window's solution to the problem was telling me to order a new pc. Had to put it in to airplane mode to get it to work for the last couple months that it did. There are many many better cheap pc's than this.
battery went dead 1 mouth after return time
I love this mouse . The recharging pad and programmable buttons are great. The feel of this mouse is perfect for my grip. I am a gamer so the ability to change DPI while playing gives me a great advantage in action games. Everything about this mouse is great except the cheap switches that Logitech uses. I'm stuck with it because I have a charging pad that cost a small fortune, a G13 keyboard and a G Pro Mechanical keyboard. I refuse to relent. Get your act together Logitech.
Doesnt work- missed my return window as I only use this during fire season, should have tested it out.
It got hot quickly and completely failed less than 3 weeks
Fresh out of the box, I only installed League of Legends and Discord. During and after games, the pc would run < 70% cpu and the fans were as loud as a small motor vehicle. I would not recommend. Spend the extra $50 and get a SkyTech Archangel.
These cables either didn't work or stopped working after a few uses!!
Cant get it to work and hard to use
Did not work for me and amplify the signal at all.
Product is still curled after a month in use. The channel isn't large enough to house three cables (hdmi, power, and audio). If your intended use extends past that of avoiding a tripping hazard then you may want to look elsewhere.
it is not made in uk, buy this article and in the picture it says made in uk but when I receive it the box says MADE IN CHINA and inside it says made in china.
Don't waste your money. Doesn't work 90% of the time. You can unplug and replug 100 times and sometimes get lucky.
Was bought refurbished but the condition is poor w broken peices was told like new condition far from....very disappointed
Could not push out bubbles. Screen bends / cracks easily during application creating permanent indents. Not flexible at all making application difficult.
It didn't fit my laptop. It was too small for my 13inch MacBook Pro.
No instructions, ipad doesnt charge and is ruined. Dont buy.
Became corrupt and quit working soon after I got it.
I use this repeater in an apartment for the purpose of bringing a hard Ethernet port to a surround sound receiver that doesn't support WiFi. The signal strength from the original router is good. The repeater is easy to set up and works great...for a few hours, but then loses connection with the router. After that I am forced to go through the setup again which takes a few minutes each time. I will be sending this back.
I really like this netgear system. It”s easy to use and install. This review is on the pro version.. it's missing lot features. You can't call it pro when it's missing the simplest feature...parent control. I bought this for my business to block out websites from my employees and bought another one for my home to limit my children. But this “pro” system doesn't have it. Update.i just attached a screenshot to prove that it does not work.
I usually love Anker products, and have bought chargers and cords for most of my family. Unfortunately, this item is terribly disappointing. I used this with an Anker portable charger and within one day the braided covering at the base of the cable was already fraying. It's the first braided Anker cable I've purchased, and I think will be the last.
Did not work.I returned them,
We received a box that was previously opened. The box was slightly damaged and there was a metal spring inside on the screen. We turned the computer on and there was an error code. Please advise what you want us to do.
Not a very good product. Stopped using the mouse as it became unresponsive after a few days. The keyboard is cheap and you have to hit the keys extremely hard to work. Also, both items drain the battery extremely fast and find myself going thru batteries too fast.
I've had nothing but problems with this board. Only 2/6 USB ports work on the board and 2/6 on my case. That's not all, I get constant messages saying there is a surge on the USB port! I tried every solution I could find online, but nothing.... I even bought another board that did the exact same thing! Sent that one back but I'm stuck with this one until i can afford another board and another copy of windows. I had a gigabyte board before this one and I can't believe gigabyte would sell such junk!
JUNK !! Stopped working after a few weeks. JUNK !!!
Price of garbage. Spend $10 more on something that might actually work. I sent mine back after a week or so. Now I bought a pricier one that is great and no hassle.
A total garbage. I am using this pouch the second time and the zipper fell off. Returning this back to the Amazon warehouse.
Only one of the two worked.
Tried to use these for virtual meetings but the reception is horrible. I had an earlier model that worked great but these are horrible.
Terrible terrible terrible! You can barely see it . I mean reallly you can barely see anything on the board. You honestly get what you pay for. I bought this for my granddaughter to use on a plane trip. However, I had her leave it behind because you CAN BARELY SEE ANYTHING . Lol Don't waste your money on this one. It's actually aggravating and frustrating trying to use.
The mouse barely works after 5 weeks of moderate use. Complete garbage now. Return window is closed. DO NOW WASTE YOUR MONEY. Also, if you are used to using keyboard commands, these are programmed differently.
Running Windows 10 64, current build. I was only able to hook up the USB 3.0 header as the USB 2.0 and SATA cable were not long enough to reach the header in my case. Also of note, this is powered by a molex connector instead of SATA power connector. USB 3.0 seemed to work ok when plugging in SD and MicroSD cards. Then I went to turn off my computer and it just hung. I had to CMD prompt it shutdown...which even then took forever to shutdown. I figured "eh...could of just been a fluke" and went to sleep. Next day the SATA extension cable comes in and I plug in the SATA and try out the ESATA function. Computer takes forever to boot. When it does it's extremely slow and something is just not meshing. I go to shutdown again and it again doesn't want to shutdown. Long story short, the only way I could get my PC back to working order was to remove this device and it worked flawlessly after.
Defective right out of the box. Computer battery light flashes orange. With the computer plugged in and powered up it says it has 72% charge and is not charging. Tried to unplug the power cord and run it on the 72% but computer immediately died. Tried the battery in another computer to make sure the computer wasn't the problem and got the same result. A working batter powered both computers fine and both computers charged fine.
Keyboard stopped working within 24 hours so requesting refund from Amazon. Don't waste your money on this.
after few months all three are broken
Had to return it. Someone put a 3tb in the box
I was really excited to receive this case for my laptop. When I got it I was so disappointed it literally looked like someone print out a picture with a cheap printer and slapped it on a plan case. It looks super cheap the marble looks horrible. You can actually see the little squares from it being printed. If that makes senses
After getting my screen setup, it last five minutes and then lost connection. I made sure the wires weren't loose and yet it still goes in and out of connection.
Did not work when I got it hook up. Then I had to pay the very expensive post to send back.
Very poor quality. I have a note 8 and this spen is stuck in my phone as we speak.
The battery when it was new got less than 15 minutes on a charge. I am very disappointed...
Worst seller I have ever bought. They are charging around 20% money if we return though the item is in good condition. There is a good deal I found in Costco and returned the item in 2 days after I got. But they did not refund my whole money. Very disappointed and dissatisfied. Single Star for seller:( :(
Very cheap product. Installed on and is taking more than fifteen hours to get full charge. I dont recomend no one buying it
Works for a little while and then will stop completely
Ordered a power cord and battery at the same time. The power cord was delayed. Installed the battery, used the computer and the battery was dead within 24 hours.
Oh boy, I got these for my birthday, and they just don't work. I've spent hours trying to get the microphone to work. I've followed several guides for resolving issues: nothing. I've tried it on different computers: doesn't matter. I've wasted so much time trying to get this thing to work, I'm just fed up. Why would you spend $80 on something that doesn't work /and/ drives you crazy as you try to fix it. Find another product.
Connection to the computer was worn out in a few weeks where other power supplies lasted me 1-2 years.
The thing fucking breaks or dies after about a year, sound slowly went out on the left side and now the right side is going too. The charging cord/port broke after about a month.
Very disappointing, took me 45 minutes to find software to load on my new non-cd drive laptop, once I got software installed on both computers, two devices would never connect. if you need to transfer files you would be better off to get a chisel and a stone tablet.
The charger came late despite me paying the extra 1day shipping fee and I didn't even get my refund back for shipping plus the charger didn't fit my asus laptop because it was a cheap asus knock off with a false description.
This cable intermittently worked for about a week. Then it completely stopped working. Of course, it was part of a bigger gift, and I didn't open it right away, so I couldn't return it. Complete waste of money!
This battery is of poor quality, from August 2017 to December 2017 this battery has finished.It takes forever to charge and then discharges in roughly 20 minutes.I wouldn't recommend that any one purchases this battery.
Junk plug broke apart after 40 days and it was not used on a daily basis. DON'T BUY.
From my experience, this controller is basically worthless. In-game the camera is constantly panning up and down with no input as if I am moving the right stick. This wouldnt be so bad if I could update the firmware but the instructions for that in the user manual are wrong so I dont know how to. This makes the controller worthless in any game where the player controls the camera.
Piece of junk, felt incredibly cheap and wouldn't even connect to anything at all, don't listen to these paid off reviewers.
Everything works and still this is the worst money spent ever in any computer in my life. The computer is so slow that it gets into my nerves. I am going to donate it and assume the money was lost.
The parts that prop it up broke off very easily in the hands of my 3 year old daughter. That's the biggest reason that I bought this case. It's basically useless to me now.
Garbage! Says 256 gb turns out its 34 gb
Didn't stick to the screen at all. Tried application several times and eventually gave up and sent it back.
Card is labeled 128gb but will not store more than 32gb
Only one of the three cables worked. The other two would not work with my iPhone as described. Phone would continue to say non-compatible device. Would not buy again. Completely unsatisfied and unhappy with this product.
The microphone doesn't work.
Not a huge fan of this. Poor construction, short cables, some of the ports don't work. Not worried about returning, i've had it for a bit but its just iffy.
I could not get it to work properly with FIOS. Speeds were less than without it on. The whole reason I bought it was to increase my WiFi...
I have only used this pad a couple times over the past few months only one side is blowing air
I loved the product. But this did not fit the Tab A.
Warning: Upon plugging my SSD, HDD, etc on this stupid PSU, it broke all of it.
I never write reviews but this one is just scam!! I bought one thinking I would get it fast from amazon and amazon wouldn't carry fake devices. First one I ordered came with finger print and all on it. Second one I ordered came without the device and tempered box. I just placed an order from original website. It takes 5 days to get here and that's why I used prime. But do not buy this device from here.
Ended up throwing away. Garbage.
This was ABSOLUTE crap. Honestly, a complete waste of money. Worked maybe 20% of the time we've had it since we've bought it, and then finally failed completely. My physical health has been pretty poor lately and I just haven't the energy to figure out if there's a way to get money back or see if there's a warranty of sorts.
Ordered this ahead of time to repair our daughter's laptop for when we saw her. They shipped the laptop screen in a padded envelope. Not surprising it is bent and we ordered it over a month ago so we can't go through Amazon for a return. We're out of $60.
Label did not match the product, the plug was too small, had to return it.
Have had nothing but problems with this iPad. Have spent countless hours on the phone with Apple support. Our nearest Apple store is 190 miles away. Probably not the sellers fault, but the fact remains that there is a problem.
It was not up to mark. Really upset.
Bought this case because of it's good reviews. Unfortunately, my screen cracked within a week of having this case, while it was on & "protected." Essentially, the case was in my over the shoulder bag, with just that & a book in it. Nothing was slammed, dropped, etc. during my walk to work with it. Got to work, pulled it out - crack in the corner. Let me say again - the cover was on the case! Super disappointed because I now have to replace the screen, which is unfortunate.
Fit is extremely loose in Galaxy S8. Kept falling out and was eventually lost about a week after purchasing. Don't waste your money on this product.
I ordered RJ45 coupler and got this training pants. And it's not eligible for return?!? Are you kidding me??? I'm frustrated to find how to return this item. Please give me the solution!!
It was a good thing there where two shields in the box,,,, the first one cracked when I installed it, the second one left a number of large bubbles that I could not get of the screen, so there went number, sorry to say I would not buy this brand again
Didn't work with LG V30 and three different monitors and two different cables. Works OK for a minute, then becomes intermittent then just stops. Probably overheating problem.
It worked fine until it suddenly stopped working. I don't recommend buying unless you want to buy multiple in a year.
This product was defective and I cannot use it.
Will not purchase any Dell product again. i have been a loyal Dell user for 25 years and just recently there support has gone down and is not worth the price of the name brand.
It will tell you whats wrong but wont fix it.
If there was a 0 star it would get it don't buy. That's all I'm saying you'll be disappointed. Complete junk.
The cable stopped working after 3rd use. Will not purchase again, nor from the same manufacturer.
Too slow to start up and to the website
I do not like this tablet. In the beginning, the touch screen wouldn't work. The screen quality is horrible. When I turn it horizontally it goes vertically and Visa versa. Would not recommend. I would like to get my money back on this one.
I got no information regarding the protection plan, I don't even know where to go if I have an issue.
I wish I could return it -- really poor product. Takes a very long time to start up (like an old PC). Continuously hangs (again like a really old personal computer having to reboot it again and again). Also touch screen with stylus is really bad I tried it for the last few months and feel like flinging it - wasting a lot of time just standing a staring at it as it starts up and boots.
I bought this for conference calls and got interference on the mic. Same thing on another Mac. Got an exchange and it has a similar problem. Time for this to go back and me to buy a different brand. The speakers themselves are only so-so too.
This item did not work on any of my android devices.
Only a cable was sent not an adapter and the cable didn't even fit the note 8.
RCA connectors failed after one use. Very cheap.
The computer was defective. I had 2 IT specialists see what was wrong and they told me to send it back. My other HPs always started up quickly and never had a problem. This is the first time I experience this difficulty with an HP computer
Bought as new, but it arrived DOA in non-original packaging. Obviously used / refurbished.
Never Received the item.
Would that I could I never got the headset, neighbor says Courier placed box down took a picture and picked it right back up and left.
Breaks too easily not very durable
Just got this laptop delivered today put the battery in plugged it into the ac adapter and turned it on...and it wont run or go to windows...I'm completely unsatisfied and a bit upset that I paid all that money for this laptop to do absolutely nothing at all.
Lasted less than one year and apparently there is no warranty. I would not purchase again. Very disappointed
Returned item because it didn't work. The battery never charged and I kept having to reconnect the Bluetooth. Not sure if it was the battery, I kept having to turn the device off and on to try to use it with my iPad
You would expect your tablet to arrive in like new condition, after all, that's what is advertised: Product works and looks like new. Except you probably won't. My iPad arrived with scratches, dents and the cherry on top - filed off engraving on the back of the device. If you're giving this away as a gift, don't. You'll just be disappointed. I'll spend a little bit more and ensure my device is actually certified and "like new"
I don't know why but it keep locking my tablet... Impossible to use it with this case.. And it cover the screen at some point...
Worked for about 3-4 weeks before it broke
I purchased this in October 2017 and 5 months later it broke. When I contacted Apple about fixing it they said it was 4 years old. Now we have to pay to repair it ourselves. Total ripoff.
Not one single cable worked! All of them say ‘the accessory may not be supported.
There are no instructions with this product. I think some software is needed with it but I'm not sure which one. I tried all of the trouble shooting I could find on Final cut pro, youtube, etc, for recognizing this drive. And with no tech support, suggested accompanying software, OR INSTRUCTIONS AT ALL, it is difficult to troubleshoot. I suggest buying a product from a known manufacturer. After more research sounds like Pioneer works the best with Macs
Light weight but the bag is very flimsy. Not ideal to carry a laptop securily. Wouldn't buy it again
This is a terrible service, I have emailed them multiple times on the two separate plans that I have previously purchased and NEVER gotten a response.
Horrible experience, space bar came completely broken in half with tape on it, clearly seller sold me a broken product smh Amazon support helped me out though
Case arrived but the bag that is supposed to have all the accessories (screws etc) didn't come with it so can't install the motherboard etc
I ordered a red item but I received a pink one.
support couldnt help me get product working... product came with NO DIRECTIONS... Wacom is incapable of helping get their product working. suport staff is hard to understand, and incapable of understanding their consumers needs.... I am returning with glee that they are nnot going to get MY money..... do your self a favor and chose ANY other pad...
The cables worked for the first few weeks, but they fray easily and stopped working shortly after.
I would take it out of the computer when it would get hot and I would have to set on a/c vent to cool down. Went out with the trash 2 weeks later and I bought a different type.
It doesn't fit the airpods properly
i purchased the 64 GB drive and the box along with the drive itself says 64 GB but when you look at the properties of the drive it is only 32 GB
I am very disappointed the way my package arrived. The box is damaged and it was suppose to be a gift for my Grand Son for his birthday. I can't wrap this at all. No cool! Will return asap
Just received in the mail. Will not load autocad needed for school and is freezing while using Microsoft office Word. I am trying to reach the company to see what is going on. Was told this laptop would run autocad but it isn't. :(
it came cracked, dissatisfied
Got the laptop and it was completely non-functional. Returned for full refund (thank you, Amazon). No response from seller when inquiry was sent.
This description is very false. This screen protector diffuses the glare and in turn, dramatically reduces resolution. It was like writing on paper, bright, grainy, wet looking screen paper.
Make sure you buy the warranty. I did not, and this router worked great for about 1 year and then starting having issues. Everything in the router admin page looked fine, but we started having constant internet connection issues, and the LAN ports started failing. I have to buy another router now, and it won't be this one.
Finally getting around to writing this. The wrong thing came. The sticker and bar code were labeled as USB C adapter but the actually box wasn't and yet the people shipping this to me didn't notice!? It was just your normal adapter. So my mom's gift was a dud and she can't charge her iPhone X any faster than normal.
Bad sector in few days. But was more than 30 days so no warranty. Bad luck Brian
It wouldn't read any of my disks. Fortunately I didn't pay much for it.
Had a defective item, they said my damage would be covered, but since the item wasn't a year old I can't get it replaced via them, and would have to go to the manufacturer - or wait 1 year from the purchase date for their 4 year plan to start. So, essentially, I bought a 4 year warranty that wouldn't even begin until one year after purchase. What a joke.
Just returned this. Bad colors/contrast and viewing angles made it too much compromise for the price.
I don't know because I purchased it for a friend in hawaii and she returned the laptop and the protection plan. So, no comment. Not transferable and will sell consumers a protective plan for cel phones too.
Soft pack not sealed. No product in the bag. Empty package.
Too small and I didn't know. Gave as a gift and too late to return.
I bought this mouse and it did not work correctly. Amazon refunded my money without me having to return it. I bought another mouse locally which works fine. This is a very inexpensive purchase. Sometimes you get what you pay for. I hope others have had better luck with it.
This is missing a major component... the nono USB adapter. I bought this for my son's birthday and he was so excited to use it, just to find out he can't use it without the adapter. There is also a sticker on the box indicating it was inspected by Amazon. It appears this must have been a previously used item. Very disappointed and would like to return this item. Please send a new one, unused with all components. Thank you
Terrible product. Stopped working at 6 months.
I received a faulty computer that was both extremely late and FROM DAY ONE did not work. Excellent laptop or so ive been told but this seller sold me a completely inoperable computer. Wont even turn on. PLEASE LISTEN AND GO ELSEWHERE
It is a cheap product that broke less than a month after purchase. Very disappointed with it.
Would be nice if it allowed for the use of the Apple Pencil. Unfortunately, it does not.
I got them but it doesn't work to charge my dash cam
This made no difference in range.
Zero stars i never got the product, reached out for a refund and never got contacted. Avoid at all cost.
A very poor seller with NO customer service or technical support. The height of arrogance and lack of consideration for a customer. Returned. Don't waste your time or money.
They look great, their quality is awful. I purchased them in Apr 18 and the third and last one crapped out on me today. It's the end that connects to the phone that goes bad. Even though I put very little stress on it, and I do mean very little, they have ceased to work. Either the wire has broken from fatigue (again, I do very little that would contribute to fatigue) or the solder joint have failed. If I move them slightly I can get a connection, but it is short lived and needs to be moved again...in other words, useless.
It seemed like a solid mic. The double cup isn't what I like, but it worked. Now, not even a month later, it no longer works. I can hear through it, but not talk through it. But that's what I get for buying a cheap one
I ordered one an it arrived broken, amazon refunded me and sent me a new one... it broke upon removing the plastic cover that protects the adhesive. definitely wouldn't recommend.
Disaster!!! Came in bent, tried to apply it and wouldn't stay on.
This looked like is was a good headset but when i got it it was very uncomfortable and there was always a white noise effect even if i wasnt talking with anyone... dont get this one look up a youtube video on the best headsets if you want to get a great one
Did not work with fire stick
Not compatible with iphone. Waste of time and money
This product broke after only a few months use
I liked the color and style, but it was so slippery that it kept falling off of flat surfaces. It crashed to the floor from about 2 feet and shattered. I decided to switch to Otter Box.
didn't work well so i had to send it back
Arrived in taped, damaged, clearly opened package. In addition, the card itself contained images and videos I had to delete. Nothing in this product description led me to believe I was ordering a used product.
My other iPad was causing problems, so I ordered this. BIG mistake! Trying several different styles, I could not find one that works with this,even my finger doesn't work. To late to return, BUT I WILL TELL EVERYONE I KNOW "DON'T BUY, CRAPPY, REALLY CRAPPY!" This is the last time I buy before trying.
I use my iPad every day, multiple times per day. This case does not hold up. The vinyl material is coming off of the front cover to reveal the cardboard underneath. Also, the folding mechanism of the front cover to support the iPad when writing, etc. is not sturdy. My iPad collapses frequently during use. I have owned this case for less than 6 months, and will be looking for another brand. Spend the extra money for a decent case.
terrible charger... ive had for less than 2 months and the wire connection to the piece that connects to the surface has started to fray and come out and charging has been rapidly becoming almost impossible. its at the point where you have to wiggle it around to find the sweet spot that most people will have experienced before... after 2 months!!! DO NOT BUY!
Failed after two years
I suspect the reviews are fake. I bought these and tried them. They attach via USB and headphone jack type insert. I adjusted the sound all the way up, and it did not increase to volume at all over the normal sound from the computer, rendering these completely useless and a waste of time and money. Returning!
Designed to prevent the use of Windows 7 this board will only support the 8th generation INTEL processor and Windows Spyware 10!
I hate it! It does not work. Waste of money. And now I cannot return. Garbage!
so if you don't buy the 4 year protection plan your pretty much screwed, i did not buy it because corsair is known as a good company but not this head set it has no since broken on me the mic cuts out and so does audio, and just so happens to cut out after the 60 day return i ordered it June 1st and lasted until august 23 so if you want a head set that will last 2 months then this is the choice for you.
Well....worked fine up until now....One month and 3 days after I bought it. I really haven't used it much. And now the screen decided to go total black....tried to restart....said it had to reboot to factory setting....ok..fine...wasn't much on there to begin with...Now it wont even reboot...keeps coming up with errors.....TOTALLY UPSET!!!!! Not a happy person!!
Did not extend my wifi
I bought this to use with optical drives. I tried everything and nothing worked. I used 3 different power supplies and still the optical drive did not show up in windows. I contacted support but no reply. After 7 days, I had to return it. Support contacted me AFTER I had already returned the product and gotten my refund. They told me that a firmware update is required to make optical drives work, but its a little too late for that info.
I bought this for my daughter in May and she was very conscious about not using it while charging it to extend battery life but now the first week in Nov. It sill not take a charge anymore. I would not recommend this product at all.
The glass is a lot bigger than the screen. I returned it. How is it possible?
Dead. Barely past a year and it's worthless. Can't write, delete or format in the phone or in PC. So pissed.
Ordered it and got the amazon envelope but no pen!!
This seller is a total scammer and rip off artist. Posted pictures and information for a Windows tablet and then sends a support easel for a completely different device total BS!! See pictures, they say a thousand words.
This does not work. Don't waste your money. Tried it on 3 computers...a piece of garbage.
You can NOT connect the laptop charger to this hug !!! , the picture is cheating !!!!!
I ordered this Battery for my Dell Laptop , did not work at all the charge said 100% but when I stated to use my Laptop the battery drained in about 20 min.
This refurbished imac was great until it died. It died thankfully a week before the 90 day warranty ran out. I'll buy another imac, but not without Applecare.
I purchased this charger in July and it worked more or less for two months but now it has stopped charging my new MacBook Pro. No amount of finesse can get the magnetic head to connect with the port into the computer in a position where it will charge the computer. The problem got progressively worse over the last month where I could get it to connect but the power monitor on the computer would say "Battery Not Charging" likely due to the quality of the product. Do not recommend, look for a better option.
Really flimsy and cheap looking. Not worth the cost. I am going to return mine.
We purchased this product assuming, based on the information in the item post, that it would be brand new. It does not appear to be. There are scratches and small chips out of the edge of the case and scratches on the back of the iPad itself - visible clearly on the Apple logo. Additionally, there was a minor dent in the case, bottom left side. Additionally, within the first week the volume + button failed to operate. This sale was a WASTE OF MY TIME. Mind you, my frustration is not with the Apple iPad Pro, it's with Vapor Dome. Please, save yourself the hassle and buy from someone else. We are very disappointed in the physical condition of the iPad, However, when one pays such a high price tag for anything, it's only fair to expect it to be in new condition, unless it is CLEARLY LISTED as other-than-new condition.
wouldnt work with tv-also came without cord for audio."directions"were 6 drawings that look like they were done by a child and very confusing.tryed it with audio cables that i had,nothing
Monitor dead after 2 months
absolute piece of garbage. pieces fell off within seconds of trying to assemble. does not grip securely at all and constantly moves when trying to position it. instructions are also horrendous and written in broken English. junk. wish i could give it 0 stars.
The package arrived damaged. We will open the box to see if it operates .
The product states it can hold two 27 inch monitors. I have two that have very slim bezels and I had to remove the side guards that hold the sliders in place to fit both monitors. They are a pain to adjust as well and don't sit quite even so one monitor droops. The only real positive is the minimalist look. I didn't go for arms because I'm only ever going to hold them in the one position and this looked very plain. I would look elsewhere if you have any larger monitors. Very disappointed.
Was too small for my MacBook
So I bought this and it was very difficult to find the driver for it. Once I downloaded it, it worked fine but it runs a background task all the time my computer is on even when I'm not using it. Makes me worried that it's malware. They could've made a driver that doesn't do that. Use with caution.
Did not work out of the box
Battery well until it didn't. Two months after i purchased it it went dead. Won't charge. Dead. Isn't there a warranty?
I like that the headset had Quality but the head band broke
This is extremely low quality, the plug broke off from the charger the first time I tried using it. The original chargers from Mac are more expensive but at least then I would have not had purchased a complete waste of money.
The mic was terrible all of my friends were complaining my mic sounded like I was a robot definitely wouldn't get them also they fall of your head pretty easily
This thing lasted less than 1 year. Won't hold a charge.
After less than two weeks it quit working. Can't return it because personal information is on it and can't set it back to factory settings.
Terrible only worked to charge. I was not able to play music
Horriable product, SUPER cheap. Save your money and buy directly from Microsoft, they won't last a week.
I'm not a whiner, but this hurts my wrist.
FYI...Don't make my mistake...I bought this in hopes of transferring old JVC Mini DV tape footage to my PC...While this does plug in, it Will Not be visible to your PC (I'm running Windows 10). I'm not sure what purpose there is for this. This plug cannot be used to transfer Mini DV video/audio to a PC. Just sayin.
The adapter connected both monitors but the system only could only read the generic adapter and both monitors just mirrored each other, was a waste of my money.
I purchased this for my sons tablet and the screen still shattered in a million pieces!!! I now have to spend 90 on a brand new tablet screen!! How this happened even with this child protective case on it I'm not sure but I'm very disappointed!
This monitor worked great for about 6 hours while hooked up to the Display Port of my GTX 1080. The next day when I turned on my computer, this monitor would not display anything. I tried all 3 Display Ports on my GPU, DVI, and HDMI connections but nothing worked. I couldn't even get the settings menu to come up. I was genuinely shocked that a monitor could go bad so quickly. Word of advice: stick to ASUS, Acer, or Samsung monitors. After this purchase, I don't see myself ever trusting MSI to build a quality monitor.
To small. Didn't fit my tablet. It's been returned. Waiting for reimbursement.
This is a beat up and dirty laptop. 1) There are multiple dents around the keyboard. Apparently someone used a a knife or something sharp to poke it repeatedly. 2) dirty charger and sockets 3) Scratches all over the body 4) Battery life is not good either. Don't waster your money here. Just go to Apple website to buy a refurbished one
Zipper broke after 3 days.
Lasted about a month and a half before it ripped
never received the product as Amazon states they lost it in shipment. attempted to reach the seller for any assistance they may have to influence Amazon to resolve this in any why to get a product in my hands however their quick response back was not supportive at all and basically wanted nothing further to do with the sale, issue or myself. As much as I wanted to try this product I am now forced to go find another product elsewhere as my ordered product lingers in limbo likely forever. **Be aware seller is not willing to contact/work with their partner Amazon to resolve customer issues.**
It was corrupted I couldn't use it.
Not seen it yet to confirm, however, my shipper received the laptop from ebay, why?
I've owned this laptop for a little over a year, and recently this laptop shut off on me like it died but it still had charge when it shut off (battery was half way full) and it would not turn back on no matter what. I tried everything, and it was out of warranty so ASUS told me I could still send in the laptop for $60 to be diagnosed then how ever much for parts and labor. I recommend you keep looking if your shopping for a good gaming laptop. I'm writing this review on a different ASUS laptop that I've owned since 2013 and it still works. I'm currently having the STRIX Hero serviced locally and I will update once I figure out whats wrong with it.
Batteries came in little baggies rather than original packaging and we're almost dead when I received them.
Horrible, I used it once to view and listen to audio on a CD-R. It stopped working. Would not read the disk.
Have had it for 2 months and it stopped working. Really disappointing seeing how the warranty is up. Seems almost like a scam. I see lots of ppl saying the same thing. Do NOT buy!!!
I will order a new one once I receive the refund
received defective Monitor, be careful, horrible defective monitor arrived.
Super fragile! First use and the cable broke.
They lost it in the mail.
Total crap. The adhesive peeled off in the process of unboxing. Avoid. No return policy. Waste of money.
I bought this a while back but then I moved and misplaced it. I tried to set it up this past weekend to no avail. It is extremely difficult to set up as their website did not work. I just pissed away $53 for nothing as the window for return has passed.
One of the three is now missing the center slider after a couple of weeks. That's a poor design.
Bluetooth did not work.
Certain keys on the keyboard just stopped randomly working today! Highly disappointed.
Purchased 3 refurbished laptops for a project. Win 7 OS was corrupted on 2 of the 3 laptops, and the third had configuration problems with the image. Contacted seller within 30-day warranty period, very poor and slow response, ending ultimately with no support. I had to purchased a Win 7 license separately, install, and configure all laptops to get them working right. You get what you pay for. Caveat Emptor.
I bought my son this mouse for Xmas to replace another broke razor mouse...now this one broke too. Very annoying!!!
The laptop arrived with an unlicensed version of Windows 10 on it. Impossible to activate. Avoid this seller.
I bought this awhile ago and finally took it out of the box. The only thing it came with is her screen replacement. No tools.
trash, very hard to use, doesn't even worth the money
The product arrived with an horrible line in the middle, with dirt and stains.
I bought this a few years ago, it worked for a while until the drive failed. I thought the price was good enough to tolerate the mediocre lifespan, and the kids liked it enough to buy a replacement. The replacement just died on me after only a couple months. We used it maybe 10 times, tops. Both times: "Cannot Access Media Drive while it is plugged in to USB" even though it is not plugged in. Both times, it fails to be recognized when I do try to plug it in... And of course, SanDisk support is "Try X, try Y, try Z... if these fail, the disk is non-functional" So, now, i've bought two of these, both are non-functional. With no recourse. Shame on me, I thought I was buying something that wasn't junk. Turns out this is junk. Here's my caveat to you: I did get 3 years out of the first one. I guess that's ok. The second one... 10 weeks. That is not ok.
Worked initially but one after another all cables stop working. Don't waste your money.
I am not able to use this because it was shipped with Chinese power cord and I can't plug it in. On the bright side I'm all set should I ever move to China or Australia.
Not a good case at all, flips your iPad out when open and keyboard doesn't stay connected
Its a good computer but i had a defective battery that was not detecting!!!
Broke after one week.
I had an OEM Apple case for my first gen iPad Pro and when I got my second gen, realized that not only does it not fit the second gen. This is due to the camera and flash. They also no longer make an OEM case for the second gen. My iPad fell off a table yesterday and the case popped off, and damaged the corner of the iPad, and broke the case around the sleep/wake button.
Only 2 of the 3 Cables are working.
Was dead on arrival and i returned it.
Oh my god this was the worst horrible terrible. Pixellated text and horrible and made me dizzy and the worst and bad and not good and bad too. Are you thinking about buying this as a computer monitor? I recommend that you do not. Don't read the description they provide, trust me - it's not a computer monitor. No no no no jn no. Oh my god no. God forbid. Please ono. Don't even think about it. On the other hand it is an attractive piece of hardware, aesthetically I mean. But as a computer monitor? I think you already know what I think of it - I think it is not good for this. Do not try at home.
Neither worked out of the box. Useless. Do not buy these.
Terrible product Even with mild usage, in two weeks, both of them stopped working
It was misrepresented it does not attach to the light connection of the I phone
Well got the desktop and let me tell thing was dead on arrival... and seems like a pain to get a return on this product....
This case comes with a clear screen protector but the screen protector is not at all responsive to touch. The case was also impossibly hard to put on. Skip this one and find a better one.
This adapter did not work with my printer as advertised AND as the printer company told me it would.
Despite the photos online showing a tablet secure in the unit, it doesn't work that way. The *minimum* depth from the rubber pad and the front tabs is 1.5 inches or so. So unless your tablet is of the biblical variety, it can't fill up the space and won't be secure.
Item returned. Not able to pair. Instructions very vague. Only customer service is by email. Not recommended.
Do these have a warranty? I bought these cords because I thought they would last. In fact, I paid extra for them. But they broke within the first year.
the 1st one they sent me would error 2/3 through windows install, and the 2nd one they sent had been used before and would not even attempt to install. Iv'e bought WD before and never had any trouble until this one.
This was bigger than my iPad and I gave to return it. Super bummed
It seems like there is no usb 3.0 hub manufacturer that can make one that doesn't stop working in a couple of months. This was no exception. Stopped working after a couple of months. At least with the power adapter attached, it serves as a charger.
This cord is more of a headache than a help. All the ports are extremely loose. It barely stays plugged into the wall and the first part of the cord sparks when connected to the second part of the cord. It barely stays in my laptop to charge. If I move my laptop just slightly it falls out. This is the cheapest piece of crap I've ever purchased. I guess what did I expect for the price?
I would give zero stars if I could I spent way too much on this for my son for Christmas and he can't even use it for the Xbox like it says he can.
I used to really like this mouse, but not it's started to double click after 4 months so much that I just can't recommend it. I'll probably have to get a new mouse soon. Pretty disappointed overall now.
WORST COMPUTER PURCHASE EVER! Screen failed while under warrantee - sent back to Dell for repairs to have it only last 3 months after installation of a new screen and cables. Of course it is no longer under warrantee so I'm out of luck. Dell customer service is terrible! I always though they made a decent product...I've never had a problem before this purchase. Now I'm told it will cost hundreds to repair, AGAIN. Can you blame me for being hesitant to spend anymore on this horrible piece of sadness? I don't like to be negative, and I wish I could say one good thing....My only hope is that someone starts a class action lawsuit. Please be warned - spend your $$$ elsewhere.
Not compatible with Verizon mocha network.Verizon Fios never recognized this device.
The charger is unstable. There is constant toggling between being connected and not even though it's plugged in. I'm going to ask for a replacement or a refund.
Extremely complicated to install. Ended up with bubbles and fingerprints all over the protector. At the end just threw them away. The protector is very thin, as opposed to other protectors such as for iPad. Not being rigid makes it impossible to fit aligned to the laptop screen.
Do not buy from this seller, this battery failed in 10 months of light use. I am working on getting a warranty replacement but it doesn't look good as this item is no longer available from this seller
It was broken and doesn't even work. I am livid that this producer is allowed to sell things on amazon and not offer a return even if you have JUST received the item(s).
Not actually RGB, just red.
Do not buy if you are going to use with an Amazon Basic mouse there is a driver issue when you use both together if your not matching them then it's a grate keyboard
I assume these few "single review" people are fake because this doesn't work. I have an 2018 11" ipad pro. It wouldn't draw or write at all and if you tap the ipad with the pen, the ipad may react about 25% of the time. The tip also seemed too harsh for the screen, I can imagine damage over time.
This runs worse than my old laptop. My games freeze, the search time lags, and I can't play Sims 4. Haven't had a chance to try other games. I've had it for about 24 hours and I'm printing the return label now.
The dongle arrived broken. A total waste of money because this item is not eligible for return. Do not buy this!
They do not stay in place
LOVED this keyboard when I first got it. Worked perfectly for 7 days and then the keys started typing the wrong things (I hit "m" and a period showed up; q = a, w = z, etc.). Gave it 1 star because customer service was super and is sending a new one out. Will update my review once I use the new keyboard for a while (hopefully more than a week!).
This is a scam. The seller will take your money, send in a fake label purchase to make it look like the item is preparing for shipment with an arrival date, and then disappear. Beware.
I had one of these years ago, and I loved it. It lasted a long time, kept my laptop cool, is totally quiet, and there are NO lights.. which is a HUGE plus for me. I was thrilled to find this here, but after only 5 months, the fans are dead.
Since keyboard is using German keys you would think it would be made somewhere not in china, nope, it's made in china
I purchased this computer. It would not complete the start up process and I returned it to be replaced. The replacement did not work either. DO NOT PURCHASE!
Save your money. Shorted out and fried motherboard and video card. Only had 465 watts plugged into it. All parts were new and it was plugged into a surge protector. It was an expensive lesson to say the least. I will never buy another Thermaltake psu.
I sent this as a gift, and sadly, it never arrived, even though Amazon said it did. No sign of it anywhere. Very disappointing.
Don't buy ! system sound was corrupted on the 2nd day. I can't explain my worst new laptop experience with this junk ! It's going back on the next possible business day ! Goodluck to those who are still deciding to even look at this.
I won't even give this product a 1 the product does not fit I have a e and an a this glass doesn't line up with either one and I ordered for both.
Was not even delivered!
NEVER RECEIVED THIS SHIPMENT. SAYS IT WAS DELIVERED ON A SATURDAY WHEN NO ONE IS HERE.
I got a message that it was damaged in transit and it was refunded to me. Seemed strange that another one wasn't just sent to replace it. Never received it so I can't rate it.
It's not really clear from the description, but if you are using a Unifying receiver on your PC, you won't be able to pair this keyboard or mouse. Why Logitech would offer devices that don't use a common technology is mystifying to me. I will be returning this.
Surprised to see this case cracking within just 4 weeks of buying it. The laptop did not get banged all fall down or anything like that. Will be looking at other case vendors now.
I didn't even get what I ordered.
Broke within two weeks. Won't turn on. Won't buy refurbished anything ever again. Seller was great about the return.
Unfortunately, the drive only showed up on my computer briefly, and disappeared as soon as I tried loading stuff onto it. It doesn't show up on any computer, it's a dud
Totally screwed up my system. Instructions terrible. Disk gives long list of files, had to determine what does what. Has already wasted 4 hours of my time. I gave up and pulled the thing. Don't buy this
Upon use. It turns out this is a refurbished product. There's obvious stains and scratches from use of others. Which is not the end of the world.
I am so dissatisfied with this product. The samsung tab 4 which is the version before this one runs faster and seemed as better quality. This tab freezes , after you install 2 or 3 apps it will say running low on storage. Battery also drains fast without heavy usage. I will be calling amazon.
Box had a European AC power brick. Won't work in America
So this is a pretty expensive card (at least for me) and I installed this card with a Crosshair VI hero, 32gb of ram, Ryzen 2700X with stock cooler. As soon as I tried out the first game (Civilization VI) the fans on the card went straight to 100% and then would not ramp down after games was closed out. Used Gigabyte's software to try and turn the fans down with no luck. Look at a bunch of their forums and many people were having the same issue with no help from the Gigabyte. The only way to turn the fans off was to turn the system off. Restarting did not fix the issue, you had to shut the system down in order to turn the cards fans off. Additionally the fans are extremely loud when ramped to 100%. Returned for a different brand.
These speakers have never worked. Initially, I believed it was because I connected them to a refurbished computer, but they havent worked on any devices.
So disappointed in this product. Ergonomically it's average efficiency, however be ready to get surprised non-performance when you really need to deliver. Since I'm a frequent traveler I like wireless gadgets but this one would deceive you right now when you are in need.
They sent me two of the same side grip. But great case. And it fits on my switch dock!
I have had this keyboard a little over a year and the keys are starting to peel. I was not expecting this poor quality from this name brand. I recently purchased an Alienware laptop and had planned to replace my desktop with Alienware, but now I am seriously reconsidering.
I got my monitor with a dozen of huge dead pixels. It's pretty much useless if u plan on doing sketch design on this monitor.
Tried using it in my 2011 G37 non-nav. Took forever for my phone to discover and pair, once connected there was a huge delay before anything on the phone would translate to the receiver. Audio skipping started pretty fast too.
This cable will not work. Connection is loose and no reading from other device. Save your money.
A waste of money!! it said it fit my iPad 2 and its for the Pro. Its way too big for my iPad. Such a waste! I don't know why they don't make sure they have the right fittings
Product never showed up.
This product is cheap the glass broke easily with little trauma or strain. Get a different product.
This cable cannot handle lots of colors. The moment you open an application (or website) that has lots of color, the monitor starts to flicker. This is not a useful product.
I bought these primarily to back up a bunch of important but little-used data. Out of 5 or 6 that I have used so far, a couple have not had problems. One simply refused to mount on three different devices. One mounted fine but appeared to disconnect itself after ~15 GB was written, and could not be mounted in any device after that. Another one mounted fine and had ~30 GB copied to it, but when mounted on the other device to download the data it would only stay mounted for a couple of minutes at a time before spontaneously vanishing from the OS, interrupting any operation going on. These may be OK for immediate transportation from one device to another, if the buyer will check everything and has time to do it over. But I cannot really recommend them for keeping anything on, and even as just transportation they are iffy.
Not a reliable wire. It began acting up. The charging light on the batter will not stay on sometimes. The wire acts up. It's like a dumb cheap charger.
Horrible product. Received this screen broken.
This works exactly as it should. So why the bad review? I've had this case for a month now and no matter what I do, this case smells strongly of fish. I have washed it with dawn dish soap, let it hang in a clothes line all day in the sun, doused it in febreeze, washed it with Folex, covered it in baking soda... it durable because it has withstood all of that. But it still absolutely, overwhelmingly, reeks of fish on the soft part that covers the screen. It's horrible. I do not recommend this cover for that reason. Now, if you work in a fish market or just really love the smell of day old fish, this case is for you! I will be throwing it away, or donating it to the fish market or a cat food store.
Bad product, all of them quit working within weeks of purchase.
dont buy this piece of crap. i got one and it stopped working within a week so i thought that it was just a bug and returned it and got another. The second lasted a little longer but it stopped working and turned to a piece of shit. Terrible company and terrible product. Go buy a surface pen and save your time
Never received this item
Very disappointed in this set. I purchased this set for my Arcade1up and it does not recognize or allow me to set up controllers. Unfortunately I cannot return, as my window of return has closed since I was waiting for my Arcade1up to be shipped to me. Such a waste of money!
So adafruit did something really stupid and dirty here? Most li-po batteries have an attachment that makes sure you put the positive and negative ends in the right place but with this backpack they are backward. If you look up other lipo batteries in the micro size you find that the positive and negative sides are reversed to this things power inputs. But if they are batteries sold by adafruit they will be in this configuration. Now saying you haven't already fried this board already cause you can simply trade the wires around on your battery but that isn't something you should have to concern yourself with. I fried two boards and burnt a finger trying to pull to battery off a smoking board. There are standards ports and wiring for a reason design things to only work with your own products is a garbage way to conduct yourselves.
system is going on and off.. not sure why it is.. Also it is very slow
These are not made to last more than two weeks, tops. The prongs that keep the charger in the phone became flat so quickly with light use. I used these for a charger on my nightstand, so there was no rough handling.
2 cartridges only lasted for a few print jobs. One didn't work from the beginning.
The cable tips came undone and broke after 1 month use age. Defective and poor quality. Do not recommend.
Broke in under a week
I bought this for use with my 15" 2019 MacBook Pro and my 2015 Apple Cinema Display. It charges some of the time, and never to 100%.
I purchased this device for my 7 year old grandson. This is by far the worst purchase I have ever made relating to a device. It is glacially slow. Poor, poor, poor performance. I am very disappointed that I need to go out and purchase a new device. I don't have that amount of extra money. What do I do? Send it back and tell them it is plain and simple and inferior device. Chuck it out, do not purchase. Not worth 1 dollar.
Stopped working after a couple months.
It broke after just a few months. It said "plugged in, not charging." Don't recommend.
It is supposed to play BluRay but it does not and sometimes it will not even play DVD
I need the password to log in Does anyone know what it is
Seems to work but the build quality and material are terrible. its made of cheap plastic. Every port is super loose so nothing fits securely. I really wanted this thing to work after researching for the right dock for days but for 200+ bucks I definitely expected a better product. Update: Actually doesn't work at all. Every 30 seconds all peripherals turn off for about 5 seconds then will turn back on. Unusable, will return.
Not what I wanted but will keep it in case I need it . Thank you
We use our iPad Air in my son's room while he sleeps to play a white noise app. For some reason with this cover on, the app/white noise wouldn't stay on. It was fine once I took the cover off. This cover also majorly distorted the sound of the iPad and you can't press the power button at all. The cover just completely covers up that button. Will be trying to return.
Doesn't work. 5 star reviews are fake.
These cords are awful. All 3 have failed/broken in less than 3 months.
never got it returned to seller for no reason
I have previously bought this same item and it lasted about a year. This time it didn't last a week. The charger's light will be on but it wouldn't charge the laptop even after letting it for a long time. Disappointed.
I am confounded by all of the 5-star reviews here. Perhaps the other reviewers are just used to absolutely terrible build quality. The backpack is a handsome one, but on closer inspection, it is apparent that the manufacturer used only the lowest quality fasteners, clips, straps, and zippers. After just three open/close cycles, the zipper for the main compartment is broken. The sort of broken that nothing but a replacement could remedy. I am very disappointed with this purchase. I'll stick with the superior quality of Swiss Army Gear.
I would give this zero stars if I could. Does not work to connect memory card to your phone to transfer pics. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
The mount would be PERFECT if the stem was much taller. If you peel the tape and stick this on the back of your TV , The Roku would be behind the TV and not usable It will "NOT " work on any of my 3 flat screens at all. It would be nice if they tested these before selling them.
Mouse was broken when i got it, not worth. The key bored feels like $10. God Bless.
Notified that it was delivered and it was not! Plus help me sort this. Thank you
It worked intermittently the 1st month or so. I have reset it a dozen times and now it doesnt even show up as a availible network. I have it placed in a perfect spot. I have been unable to find any contact number for seller. I will adjust my review in the future if I receive any contact from the company for a replacement. If not, I guess $25.00 wasted.
Horrible purchase, was unable to get help from Amazon or 3rd party. Stopped working immediately after inbox. Waste of money.
This isn't worth it, the cable is faulty, half of the time you can only hear our of one ear. Then when I when to unplug, and plug it back in the damn jack nearly snapped off. I guess I'll have to find a different alternative.
Did not even show up it said delivered and not here in happy
Used this product twice and it worked fine, however it failed on the third use. I tried it several times after that but go. Buyer beware.
Unfortunately, this was a complete bust. The drivers provided on the mini-CD were signed correctly, but caused a fatal stop error when the card was actually required to push out sound. The drivers provided through the Dropbox link are not signed properly and cannot therefore be used. The Windows 10 drivers are no longer supported by C-Media and cannot be downloaded from their site either. All-in-all, the card has been a complete waste of money for me. Don't buy if you're using a modern operating system.
I NEVER RECEIVED MY PRODUCT!!!!!!!
the one function of this strap is too hold a bag without breaking. Strap broke after a couple of months on a relatively light bag so that's that
The cable is so poorly designed that the plug to go in the laptop will bend and eventually break after a month or two. I have bought two of these and they both inevitably broke. Don't waste your money on this.
Piece of Junk. Gave this to a little girl in my church for her birthday. I doubt it worked 2 weeks, but she never said anything until today. Would not charge. Support or replacement window is closed. Will not buy another one, very embarrassing.
Shortly after purchase, cords quit working.
Is not for MacBook Pro don't buy!
This product did not work for my dvds.
Within the first day of use, the light on the charger began to turn off intermittently. It's potentially a precursor to its short life. The main reason I got this charger was because the featured photo claimed that the charger has a lifetime warranty. It seems to be false advertisement; the package came with a card offering to extend the warranty to 18 months if you write a product review. I'll see if this charger lasts that long, or if the company will still exist by then. In the last 2 weeks, this page no longer sells the T-tip charger and now sells the L-tip. I have a feeling once my charger goes belly up, I won't have any company to complain to.
Useless DOES NOT WORK WITH IPhone 8 or 10.
This fan is poorly made/designed. I was positioning it on a flat surface, and it tip over and broke a blade. We are not talking about a fall here, it just tip over on the flat surface. You would think that it looks well made, but it is poorly designed. The metal cage does not protect the fan blades as expected. Anyways now the fan is trash since it is unbalanced with a broken blade. I regret this purchase. Even a cheap chinese fan would last longer than this.
Laptop arrived and seemed to be in good condition but upon powering it up I discovered the battery not detected error. Laptop has battery in case so I can't try to reseat it without voiding the warranty from the seller. Filed for a refund and return and I have to pay to ship it back! At $300 why should I pay to ship back the failed product? Where is the quality control when they are shipping out blatantly bad laptops? When I order something it's because I need it now essentially. Waiting to ship a product back for a refund and then ordering another and waiting for it to ship essentially makes the item useless to me. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BUYING FROM THIS SELLER.
The screen seems to be good. But there's stickers missing, thus you can't anyhow attach the screen.. and since I cut open the package I can't return it:(
I received a iPad instead of the Mac Book
TRASH. Buy turtle beaches. Don't cheap out. My Xbox live party says I sound like Im launching a space shuttle. Sound on full volume is low. I should also mention how cheap this headset feels. Makes me think alot of these reviews are fake.
Worst technical device I have ever bought.* Can't access customer support without username and password, on the computer I tried to install with. After following all the instructions, the screen came up "wait for a few minutes". I waited 15 minutes..... nothing. I tried to get back in to find out what is...
The 2 adapters don't work. It was a waste of my precious money.
Sorry but these are complete junk. Don't charge and when I tried to pull the usb part out it fell apart
First installed the psu it worked great until it randomly started to make this clinking noise. I thought it was one of my fans hitting a wire or something but the sound was coming straight from the psu. Would not reccomend this unit my friend happened to purchase the same one and his was having problems as well.
This cord is cool, but burned up in a week of use!! Thank God my daughter uses a surge protector because it would of started a fire!! We are sending it back! It fried her cube too!
Never received this item
Failed to change after ample time. I bought this based on all the great reviews. A replacement was sent. It only operated the label maker when plugged in.
Changed the batteries. Several chats with Microsoft couldn't identify the problem.
It over heated my device
TERRIBLE product and customer service all around.
My package was delivered to my home and upon opening it the product was not inside ! I paid full price to receive nothing in return. This is unacceptable and had to issue a full refund. I was really looking forward to install the M.2 drive to my PC but I guess it'll never happen now.
I couldn't decide whether I had a faulty unit or whether it was just inherently very flaky to use. Seemed to behave differently every time I turned it on. I never did get the pressure sensitivity to work with Corel Draw or Windows Paint. Worked ok in the demo. Pen is too delicate. X Y sensitivity is too high, can't adjust. Many Corel functions just don't work using this, but do work with mouse. Instructions and setup are very confusing. I tried many times to get tech support help on chat to no avail. I tried returning it and was given the run around until I called and complained. Finally got my money back. I get the feeling Monoprice needs more staff or something. Very frustrating dealing with them.
Bought it cause it was supposed to be as accurate as an iPencil. It's offset, it only stays charged for 20 minutes. No matter how long you charge it, 20 minutes is the most. Not happy at all with the price I paid and the product I got. I have messaged the sellers to see if I could get assistance with a replacement or upgrade but no reply. 😞
It never worked. I have to return it
Said it would be compatible with my laptop and it was not. It also did not come with the piece to go into my laptop. Had to purchase one separately and go through the hassle of the reimbursement of that to find it wasn't even compatible.
Sad that Amazon is selling a used Micro SD as new. Would really prefer to be warned about this.
This product is Awful!!!! it is cheaply made doesn't connect and after receiving it and contacting the company I was only given the option to find a UPS store to return it. Because of my work schedule this was impossible I left work early to take it to a UPS store only to find the the return time has expired and now I am stuck with 2 things that don't work and are a piece of JUNK!!!
Did not work at all, thanks !!!
See other pictures that people have submitted, this case was made ever so slightly too small and doesn't fit over the right side where the Apple Pencil charges and additionally makes the buttons really hard to press. Definitely returning.
Hard to get charge part out if you have long nails and scratches color off very easily
I've barely used this for 2 months and it sits in the SAME spot with no major movement and it's already stopped working!! I thought buying a braided cable would help with that very issue but no such luck. I'd love to get one that 'just works' without having to think too much about it, but this one isn't it. Maybe I just got a bad cable but I guess it's too late to return it or get a refund or even a replacement that might work.
Very upset that I never received my case in the mail although it stated that it had been delivered. Didn't receive a refund or a new case. Definitely not buying this again.
I thought I could use this for my headset and charger and the music still plays loud (not on headset). Bummer
This Thing is a PC of Garbage. Does not work PERIOD!!!!!! Do not buy
One stopped working after a few weeks and the other 3 stopped working in less than two months. Very disappointed.
My daughter begged to have these, and could not wait to talk to her friends on it while gaming
My account was hacked to write a review, I wouldn't trust it.
Didn't work at all, sent me a broken mouse
DID NOT FIT MY ITEM ORDERED WRONG
this device does not last, i have it and it doesn't even run anymore. I am now looking to find another laptop fan that i may purchase to use... DO NOT BUY...
Piece of crap. Doesn't play mp4 and already broke. What a smoke screen for a good product. Also the casing bent so now I can't fit it into my laptop. Be smart unlike me and don't buy. Curious if this company feels good about taking people's money for a subpar very subpar product. Amazon, as a loyal prime member, could you please remove this merchant? That way I and others are not tricked into shady purchases...please.
I ordered this product, excited for the case and it was delivered to the wrong address. The location was across the country from me and I am disappointed. I did in fact put that this item was to be delivered to my location but somehow the case was delivered some where out of the blue. Final result- DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
The battery don't last not even 3 hours with full charge
The hinge cracked within a month. Once the hinge started cracking, the slot for the iPad wasn't securely holding the device.
This product is the biggest piece of crap ever. I ended up just throwing it in the garbage. I've said this before but they don't listen:. You don't need a lazar guided cutting to make these protectors. It's impossible to align them correctly without getting dust inside the cover. (Unless you have access to a clean room, then maybe you're OK). MAKE THE HOLES BIGGER!!! DUH!!! Why is that so difficult to understand?? Buy a clue.
After a short time where this worked, it stopped working, and now no computer I've tried will recognize it correctly. The controller in this little device appears to be bad. Hopefully they have this resolved for future devices, but this one might have been just a bit ahead of its time.
Horrible stopped working within a week don't waste your money
I bought it for my Android phone, and it never connected. It connected with my laptop just fine though, but that's hardly useful. Several months down the line, I tried using it again, and it still did not connect. I could not find the paper manual, so I tried looking up the manual online, and ... nothing! No warranty either.
One stopped working right out of the box. The other 2 require phone to be propped up at an angle. Complete junk
Product did not come with manual or charger like packaging indicated. The controllers plugged into my phone charger and looked to be charging. Left overnight and the next day attempted to pair them with my Switch. The system will not recognize these, there is no indication that these work at all, they feel cheap and look like they could break easily. I could not find any information online about these and how to get them to properly work. Contacted Amazon which tried to contact the manufacturer and got no luck there. Will be getting a refund, do not waste your time or money with this product.
The box was empty. Nothing in it. I opened the envelope and the box looked like it was tampered with . Opened it. Empty box. I just received it 3 min ago
Within two weeks of using this cord it already has a short in the cable. Luckily I had an extra that fit the transformer.
This is a horrible product. The computer looks nice but it overheats . It said that it was inspected 100% but it doesn't function like it passed inspection. I do not recommend this product.
The product never worked. Do not eat if you need it for USB devices like phones or tablets. Undoubtedly a very high price for something that does not work.
Case returned... The magnet was so weak it would not stay together to hold the case up
It doesn't work. I hope they refund I now realize how risky buying hardware online Better play it safe and buy it in a store
I was perfectly happy with this until it died on me tonight, five months to the day it was delivered. Very disappointing. Now I'm scrambling as my laptop runs out of battery.
This product keeps falling out of the port, so it's really inconvenient to use. After having it for a few months, it just no longer works, and the computer no longer recognizes anything plugged into it.
Would not clear the screen. Came defective, had to return it.
It's beautiful but it's not true to size because it did not fit my laptop it was bigger
Didn't even come with instructions... I have no idea how to put this thing together lmao wtf
The case looks nothing like the picture. The case that i received is a LIGHT GREY and is totally transparent. There's no apple logo or a apple cutout for the logo to shine through. Very disappointed.
It's slow.. when you turn the computer on, you have to wait few minutes which is quite long compared to apple products
Did not fit my Acer.
The package was open and the ítem was damage!
The keyboard i received was faulty. No power, no lights, no response to keystrokes. The drivers would not respond. I have 5 gaming keyboards and this is the ONLY one giving me issues.
Good for about 6 weeks... then a bust!
Works great for about 1 week. It just cycles on and off every few seconds now. You get what you pay for, don't cheap on computer parts :/
This pen is not very durable. I have owned two in the last about six months and both broke at the cap. After the first one broke soon after I started using it I thought perhaps it was just a fluke so I bought another one. That one broke in the same place. There is nothing unusual about how I use or store the pen (in fact I keep it in an elastic band with my tablet).
i bought these pedals along with a fighter stick and throttle. the software that programs and calibrates the peripherals is out of date and will not work with windows 10. the programmer that worked on the software retired and nobody has taken his place. although the items all work they have limited functionality and sometimes are not recognized by games. i wish i would have just bought a warthog setup or other thrustmaster products that are at least supported and work with current games. i hope this review saves someone else headaches in the future. now im just going to fork out the extra money and cry once from now on.
I bought these on December 27. One of the cords no longer work charging the phones. Very disappointing.
It's been almost 18 months since I bought this modem 3 days ago it just stop working I don't know why , where can i call to have an explanation about this issue..thanks..
Cheap plastic easy to deform, if you open twice hard to close again.
Did not work. Do not buy.
I didn't order this product
1st of all, the usb cord to charge it came broken and not working. Then one of the lights immediately stopped working after powering it on the 2nd time.. and the charging port is loose as well. I think I got a very defective mouse.
Wrong product delivered, does not fit my hp x360 laptop
This cord did not last 3 months before it would not charge. "Window" closes for returns before you have a chance to get it back to them.
Does not provide adequate wattage with Lenovo.
I like how I can connect to it separately from my router. I don't like how you need a router for it to work.
battery swelled up and made my track pad inoperable just outside of return window. had to throw away
Would not recommend. There internet is very laggy when using this product and definitely don't expect to do anything such as gaming. Mine also came not all the way put together. Pay a little more money for something better
I did not like the length because it is too short to handle easily and it should have been more useable with rubber tips on both ends!
They sent me the wrong product.
Died after a few months
After six months of use, the plastic corner fell off for no reason. It was never dropped or abused.
I've had this charger since December, unfortunately about a week ago I went to grab the cord & it sparked & then melted &fried the cord connected to the plug. Possibly it was a fluke. And worked great until then. Just bummed it did not last longer & now I have to buy a new one :(
Does within a year, and no options for exchange
I gave the serial number and product number for my nextbook and the cord was too large.
The signal was too weak with these extensions.
When advertising this product the company says I can get a replacement if it does not function as advertised. I could not get anyone to pay attention to me. The mouse feels very good when using, however, the battery does not charge and does not work when power pug is in. I do not think the company is realy reputable.
Some of these do not work. Waste of money
The files on the drive were corrupt, reformatted it 4 times using 3 different methods and I managed to sustain times for less than a day without errors. Wasted almost a week managing my back up files again and again. Don't make the same mistake I did.
A horribly designed product, by far the worst cooler I've ever had to use. I threw it out so less person has to use this garbage.
Preferably no stars. Ordered an HP laptop. Received a Lenovo laptop in an HP case. Unbelievable.
The case too tight even with my thin cover on the laptop... Cant use it now.
Do not buy poor quality horrible battery life the battery died in a hr after fully charging won't stand up just a horrible product STAY AWAY
i'm on my 3rd headset due to warranty. if i wouldn't get a new one for free i would have already switched. im about to file my last warranty claim on this one and then selling it on ebay. this piece of shi* headset has been annoying me for the past few years. it constantly cuts out and reconnects, not a big issue as it only takes 1-3 seconds to reconnect. in the middle of a game where comms matter it can certainly change the game outcome. its extremely annoying when trying to watch videos or listen to music. this is a piece of crap headset, dont bother with it and honestly, i've been a loyal logitech customer and yes their support is great, however, this done it for me. going to look elsewhere from now on.
Do yourself an favor and don't order from this company. Order the 130W from a reputable dealer. As far as I am concern this company is a scam.
Received laptop and it doesn't work at all
The one I received would not work. I have two by other manufacturers that do work. I sent this one back.
Computer started acting weird/buggy after installation fine. Shortly after my computer COMPLETELY crashed and my computer started beeping the code for failed RAM. Pulled the RAM and had to do a clean ISO instal. Extremely disappointed, spent the extra money going with this brand because of the good reviews. Turns out it was the same gamble as going with the cheap stuff.
This product isn't good. It broke after a week
Doesn't work, writing is so faint, does not compare to the actual boogie board
I NEVER RECEIVED MY ITEM AND NEVER RECEIVED A REPLACEMENT OR REFUND DO NOT ORDER FROM AMAZON #SHAME
The wheel that you turn to scroll squeaks. The pad your wrist goes on is really stiff and not very comfortable. Cheaply made product.
Feels cheap, looks cheap, was not what I expected from the description. Had to return it.
After asking for the order number, they still ask you to fill in info about the product. The hard drive I purchased wasn't on the list. I had to check all 4 tb options and compare them to the product number. Nothing matched
Returned. The Mac didn't even recognize it.
So complicated to use it, I have installed the drive, and it is ok to connect with phone, but, then there is nothing else. No react, nothing pop out on your phone, nothing works. It is so hard to use, when I try to return it, I found out it is non-return item...... be careful, even it is prime acct, still need to pay attention to the return policy.
The zipper is broken and it's been a little over a month. For the price you pay for this bag, I would expect a better quality.
Only worked for a week then it stopped working
I tried two of these an none worked. The board keeps rebooting for no reason. Had to return both.
These are not fast charging. Very very slow charging. I will be sending them back.
Never received item and Amazon unable to provide refund or replacement
It doesn't work at all and doesn't seem to fit my computer properly, even though the information says it should work with my computer, a Dell Inspiron 13 7000. The leaflet that came with it is written in very poor English and does not include anything about a company name or location. There is also no return address on the package.
Terrible service, didn't receive on time, couldn't get a answer why.
BUY SANDISK FLASH DRIVES INSTEAD THEY ARE REAL
Product arrived damaged. The ipad case arrived with a hole in the plastic wrapping and a slice through the front cover of the case. I have never had a problem ordering through Amazon before but I am very disappointed in this product. If a product is damaged in the warehouse, it should NOT be sent to the customer. Other than the damage, I love the color. Will be returning for a NON-DAMAGED case.
I never received my package even though it said it was left in the mail box. I hope there some sort of miscommunication.
I was so excited to receive it. When it came- I opened it up and not the same product. Different connector than pictured.
I can not review. I received an empty package which had never been sealed. Amazon refunded my cost.
In less than 9 mths, the friction hinges would no longer hold the iPad Pro upright.
I tried coding with Visual and it got stuck 6 times in one day,I got delayed on my homework because of this so I finished returning this laptop
Does not work as advertised instead of extending your single it pings into only to the location of installment which ultimately hinders anyone else in a family home not to mention having to create a sub network off your ISP just to do the opposite of what it advertises with no prior information would not recommend this product to anyone
Never worked. Never charged the remotes and couldn't charge the battery packs that were doa.
Did not fit well ( not tight) with my Iphone so app could not connect to save and upload photos. Returned immediately.
Do not buy. Ordered 2 of these and neither worked. I have another one that is apple brand and it works fine. Amazon was good to work with on returns though.
Spent almost 300 on this and the G key is broken I need that for my WiFi password and I can't do anything without the internet. Total rip off!
It is broken after few weeks. Never been dropped or damage but the tip of the pen just comes off after few weeks just passed the return time
They never send it to me
Never received product...had to get a refund.
Didn't get to use it because it was damage when I got it
I bought this trying to save a few bucks playing destiny 2 since my right analog stick keeps dying. If you need precision sensitivity don't buy this controller it jumps and is grindy/ glitchy where it doesn't smoothly move from side to side or up/ down. The two analog sticks actually move at different speeds which is always fun to adjust to on the fly. The top triggers are also unresponsive and touchy at best and worst. Other than the look and the handle grips which seem sweet I would say unless you buy a legit gaming controller just buy a legitimate Sony ps4 dual shock controller since this one has zero response
This controller only lasted my son maybe a month before it started messing up. You hit the down button and the scrolls down 3 or 4 options, you can never click on what you need.
Was way too small to fit the Nintendo switch lite.
The home button does not line up, and it cracked too easily. We have replaced MANY iPhone/iPad screens ourself, and this is the only screen with these issues.
So it said that it fit perfectly on other reviews but my case on the top keeps falling off. Ive bought cheaper ones that have lasted longer than this one.
They have all stopped working. Terrible product
Doesnt support advertised weight
They didn't work took them to a computer store and they didn't work at all.
I purchased this item because I wanted to have a small TV in my kitchen so after reading about the product I purchased it and set it up, which was easy. I transmitted from my cable box in my living room to kitchen, no more than 20 feet, relatively open with no doors between the two spaces. At first I was happy, picture seemed good, but after a while the connection kept going in and out, and the audio was erratic. Every time I walked in from of the receiver or blocked the transmission the picture would stall or would need to reconnect. My kitchen table was in the line of transmission so sitting at the table and eating made it impossible to get a good picture. It was useless for my needs so I packed it up and sent it back. I purchased another higher priced item that advertises good quality even through walls and it seems to be working much better. Fingers crossed.
I got my keyboard but NO! Mouse
It shows 400gb but that cames with 250gb of capacity
if you want to put your printer away from the computer, be advised that this type of cable will fail to facilitate signals between the computer and the printer because it is too long. the HP website says 6 feet is the most. Other general discussion websites say 5 Meters at the most (translates to 15 feet). So, save yourself the heartache and headache. My mom had trouble with her printer since May 2018 all because of the cable I bought for her. Sheesh.
didn't even show up even though it did
Poor documentation of installation online. Links broken. Manual is difficult to follow. Unfortunate because product is difficult to design. Not intuitive. I have installed many CoolerMaster and Corsair liquid cooling units. This took longer by a factor of ten than the longest of those. The build quality is insubstantial and feels cheap. The noise level is high given its size and functionality. This product is something for which I would not expend $20. Better off with air, frankly.
The charger gets burning hot and the MacBook is only up to 20% charge.. really dangerous, a fire hazard..
This tablet is very cheaply made, and doesn't work well at all! After our daughter using it one time it never would turn back on! We are in the process of returning it and it is a hassle! We will never be buying from the again! Not recommended at all!
Product is heavy looks like it was made with good material, however, after 2 weeks the keyboard stopped working. Waste of money.
I tossed it to the trash can - not recommended to buy / use
Want to return...screen shuts off n then turns back on for no reason.
Having trouble after 8 months and it's ridiculous because I get ipv6 only and no ipv4 so I can view pages like YouTube and Google but not others tried resetting it multiple times and nothing still the same do yourself a favor and get a different modem like I did and solved my problem.
I received a keychain instead of the card. Thanks Amazon for returning my money, but do not buy from this seller as you will waste time.
It came on time, was packaged fine, and worked normally at first. It just stopped working and using a spare charger I determined it was not an issue with my laptop. There were a couple times at first plugging it in where it would start charging, then stop after a few seconds. Shortly after it stopped working altogether.
This charger was comparably priced but you get what you pay for. It stopped working after a week. So my daughter's laptop isn't charging again.
After 90 days, NETGEAR will not provide phone support. But your product warranty covers one year. However, if you have defective hardware beyond the 90 day window (as has happened to me), then you will effectively be unable to RMA the device without purchasing extended support. This network switch was purchased to manage my home network, and after 5 months, it has stopped functioning. The lights still work but the device itself does not, and the support tech told me "the hardware warranty only covers the physical appearance" of the device. I would avoid this product and brand. The product did not last and the "support" was an exercise in frustration. As the head of an IT group, I will not be investing company dollars into faulty hardware and run-around customer service. There are other brands out there and I suggest you look elsewhere.
Yep, no hard drive!!! Obviously this company does not test their equipment, they lie! Never buying from this seller again!
Power supply was dead DOA
never worked, had to return it
Didn't work for me. For me personally, it was a waste of money. I may try again with a different protector......probably something a little stiffer. This product, for me, was frustrating.
The fan doesn't hold a charge. I've only used it twice at baseball day games and it goes dead after about an hour.
Super flimsy!!! Broke as I assembled
I received a completely different product than what was described or pictured. I received a neoprene sleeve with a completely different pattern and no handles. Its cute but I could have purchased that for considerably cheaper and it isnt what I wanted.
2 of the 5 sd cards do not work Don't buy anything for this company
First of all, it doesn't fit in a F-150 but we should have measured first. It did fit nicely in a Flex. First time it was used we couldn't get the screen to stay up and then it broke before we could try again.
It's needed to download an apps to use it. Since I don't want to do some technical issues, I gave it to my friend. But my friend doesn't want to use it for same reason.
Product stopped working after few days. Had to take my losses
After a couple of weeks running this pump/res combo, the pump is making a loud rattling noise. It's a shame because it otherwise was very good for the money. Everything sealed easily and it was fairly quiet while running
This is a bad product. The keyboard does not stay connected well at all. I bought 4 cases of different varieties and this is my least favorite. I wish I could return it but I got rid of the box before really using it. The keyboard lights up well but the connection between the keyboard and case is so weak it falls off while in my bag. If it is just going to sit on your desk great, but if you travel or carry it, the pieces will not stay connected and protect it.
The adapter overheats and the connection cuts off quickly
This was left in front of my door and I did not even have the chance to see it. Stolen !
Stop working after a few days. Will no longer charge.
The case is almost an inch too big for the galaxy tabs. Doesn't fit at all
Is not compatible with the pixel 2
My husband got this for my surface tablet. The 'battery' that is suppose to extend the computer's battery is seemingly non-existent. There is no difference between now and what I used to have. As for the keyboard, it is difficult to see the mouse area. And, even if you can see it, there is a connection issue between the tablet and the keyboard that the mouse suddenly becomes uncontrollable, jumping all over the screen, minimizing the images on the screen and freezing. It is SOOOO frustrating- you have to pull it off, reconnect, try again, etc. Save your money! Charge your computer and buy a basic keyboard...just DO NOT get this one!
Never order from this place again
This does not work with Windows 10.
Worked on some, but not all my devices. The "Made in China" stamp is the only thing different than my other cards that work properly.
After about 2 months the "left click" button stopped registering. The mouse pointer would travel across my computer screen randomly. It would not connect via Bluetooth. Attempted new batteries but it was no help. I attempted to contact the seller via email, but received no response.
One the first day when I got it and I turned it on and the fans were very loud like a jet taking off. On the second day the fans died and the pc shut off I let it cool down for a couple hours and tried turning it on but it didn't. This Pc is trash don't buy this garbage.
Keyboard arrived WITHOUT the usb dongle needed for the keyboard and mouse to even function. Did not ship with "included" batteries. Product feels very light, cheap, and poorly made. This is a HORRIBLE HORRIBLE product, I can't for the life of me figure out why this product has any positive reviews whatsoever. I will never, and I repeat, NEVER buy a product from this company again. I better get a god damned refund pretty quick.
Over all, the machine is on par for its price range. Not top notch quality -- it feels a little flimsy, but for the most part, you get what you pay for, and that quality is expected. What you don't get, any price aside, is a usable battery life. 2 hours,...maybe? If your lucky. 45 minutes into a full charge and my laptop magically turns into a $300 paperweight. Its a good laptop but being tethered to the wall is kind of counter productive. 3 months in since I bought mine and I'm throwing it away and buying something with a reasonable battery life. Don't waste your money like I did. It would have been a good laptop, but the "battery," if you can call it that, ruins it.
These cables are pure garbage! Two of them broke within the first month, with one of them getting extraordinarily hot where it plugged into my iPad Pro. I'm outside of the return window, so I'm out of luck. Buyer beware! We're going back to the Amazon Basics cable which have lasted us for over a year in times past.
I bought 4 of these, for all of them, it was far too easy to knock the magnet out of place and stop charging. Even a slight movement would cause the charger to disconnect. Each of the 4 sets failed to attach in slightly different ways.
DIDN'T WORK WITH MY IPAD AIR II or IPAD 6th GEN.
Will not work with my Mack book pro. y computer does not see it.
First thing I noticed when I unpacked this is the horrible odor. I'm actually afraid to put my Super Famicom Mini into it because I don't want the odor on my console. So I guess it works out that the case is actually too small for the console, the two controllers, the HDMI cable, the USB cable, and an AC adapter to fit comfortably it. I'd actually like to return it, but the return shipping costs so much that it's cheaper and easier to just throw it in the trash.
It's a little to big for the PS4 controller. (I own the standard issue one that came with the console.) Kind of a pain when playing because the stick gets stuck in the silicone when playing. Maybe I just got a defective one?
although extends the signal the speed is very low. speed test below 5 mbps.
Couldn't hold any tabs open and performed more like a cheap tablet than a laptop.
Cool concept. Too bad they didn't stick around for more than a few days. Waste of money.
I ordered this item as an upgrade for my home PC. I opened the package and its a freaking block of pressed wood!!!
Backpack strap tore off after only one month of use. Backpack was not overloaded. Strap just tore right off. No where to contact seller for a return or complaint
the microphone on the headset did not work upon arrival. i let the company know but got no response.
No matter what I tried, it did not extend anything on my Samsung Smart things network.
Don't like it, there's no button to turn on and it's not working. Battery light blinks and go off that's all i got from it, so disappointed..
Did not work for me.
I'm a real reviewer, not fake. I was surprised such an inexpensive item had so many 5 star reviews. As it was a prime item and this returnable, I thought I'd roll the dice. The item was set up very easy. What it does is creates an additional WiFi option on your phone/computer and it switches from your main WiFi to the extended network automatically. Maybe 5 minutes to set everything up. I tested it by plugging it in all over and watching my phone and my computer switch from the main WiFi signal to this extension signal. Worked great, for about 3 hours. Today, I'm sitting in the middle of my house wondering why nothing is working. I check and yup, I'm connected to the extension network. I switched signals to the main one and everything worked again. Less than 24 hours into it and I'm requesting a return. 2 problems: when connected to this alternate signal (appearing to be full strength), nothing works. Also, it is trying to trump my main signal, even when I'm sitting in between them and both are full strength. Do not buy. If it looks too good to be true (the cheapest extender has 4.8 star reviews), it is too good to be true.
HORRIBLE. Slower than a sloth, and keyboard detaches way too easily
The keyboard arrived with a crack by the Enter button on the number pad. The Enter button was also stuck in the down position. I was able to get it to pop back up, but it would not have been usable. Not that it mattered, since the keyboard never connected to the computer. I followed the instructions and troubleshooting, but I could only get one of the indicator lights to glow red for a few seconds. Will be returning.
I purchased a case a few weeks ago, and it was cheaply made, ugly on the back, and horribly designed since both it's upright and lowered positions were inconvenient and poorly placed. I returned it and was screwed over by the company. Then, I went to purchase a different case and lo and behold, ITS THE SAME CASE! This tells me its just there is just one shady con artist masquerading as multiple companies on amazon selling the same horrible case to spread the bad reviews over multiple products, therefore, making each individual product's ratings better. DONT BE FOOLED, IT'S A BAD CASE!
never met my expectations as it was delivered to me despite been a prime member. thou got my refund back
The included "unifying" receiver does not work with my Logitech keyboard. Fortunately the 5 year old keyboard receiver magically works with the new mouse, so at least I didn't have to waste a USB slot on another dongle... but what's the point of buying Logitech if the "unifying" receiver isn't backwards compatible? Update: The left-click was failing to register often, which was becoming very annoying. Had to send it back.
This product worked great for about 6 months. After that, it stopped working. I contacted the manufacturer for warranty and received no response. They claim a 12 month "worry free" warranty. Unfortunately, I learned the hard way. Pay a little more for a better product.
Product doesn't work. Took my chances on a 20 dollar charger and it didn't work for me.
Num lock key will not work. I have been all over the internet and there is no information about how to get the key to work. I have used every control and function key in combination. My number pad is useless. And both num lock and caps lock lights do not work.
It didn't come with the USB , so I had to return it
The delivery time was exactly what I was looking for. The case itself is not sturdy and does not stay attached to the device. I will be returning this item.
Worked fine when I first installed. Went to use my laptop again about a month later and laptop can't boot if the battery is plugged in. Laptop says battery is defective.
Not happy with a video card that does not even last 2 months from purchase. Video card fried
Absolutely awful.. says magnetic but there is no way. Cover does not stay closed at all. Terrible purchase!
Cord stopped working after using twice.
Worked great until they stopped working in the less then 3 months. The microphone stopped working.
The first use of the product has broken.
Screen protector only lasted a week before corners started peeling. And only 1 more week until I had to take it off.
Not like it, will returned got delayed too tight too small
I worked for about a minute then there was just garbage on the display.
I didn't work with my Amazon TV with 42" HD monitor TV with HDMI or DVI connections. It did connect to my Monitor with VGA connection though, but the resolution wasn't a full 1080p. It would only display at 720p. Also, the video resets when the audio is disconnected. Sorry, I wouldn't recommend this.
This was a very nice mouse the first month I used it but then stopped holding a charge. I've charged it for hours about 10 different times and it lasts about 15 seconds after hours of charging. The red light comes on when I plug it in, showing it is getting power but still no charge. I'm, unfortunately, traveling in Asia and unable to return this item so buyer beware. Disappointing
I purchased this item and it will not work with any of my computers. Bummer.
Do not waist your money. Out of the box the screen was already lifting at the corners- the operating system took up all the space on the laptop, so good luck making use of the meager memory advertised.
Bought new and came without any packaging. Was most certainly used.
this product kept connecting and disconnecting me from the wifi for months..thinking it was just the items we had connected to it but it was the router
Terribly made, had to return mine for a refund as the screen was flickering and overheating AVOID!
Won't connect to computer to transfer files consistently.
Doesn't work with my Pixel 2. Isn't returnable. Isn't big enough to be a paperweight.
Working on spread sheets and this mouse keeps being unresponsive. Ready the throw it against a brick wall.
I bought this model 10+ years ago and it was still working but starting to fail so I bought a new one 13 months ago. The new one no longer works which tells me the quality has gone way down.
This worked just fine for the first 2-3 weeks and now Win10 cannot even find it. The drive I placed in the dock had never been removed from day one until I my PC could not find the drive or dock. I performed a couple of backups using Acronis and now the drive is not discoverable. I have tried different USB ports and swapping the drive to the second bay with no results.
I bought this for my kids to use for homework. It is mind-numbingly slow. It takes forever to boot up, it takes forever to log in, switch users, empty recycle bin, get on the internet, everything about it is terrible.
You get what you pay for. This is a cheap mouse that didn't even work for me.
While it provides power to my laptop, it does not charge the battery and so battery will eventually die, although laptop doesn't shut down because it does have power. Save your money on this and buy a different one.
Very heavy and unable to be used in locations visited. Cannot testify to work-ability. Another person on the tour shared their step down converter which was much more versatile with multiple 110 outlets as well as USB and the needed adapters for the locations visited. Limited application and cumbersome.
I haven't received it yet! Ask me later.
iPhone says they are incompatible after only a few minutes
Worst keyboard ever!!! Extremely noisy, and You can't replace the switches because they are so hard to take out that you end up breaking them.
Normally have a problem with cord fraying and get about 1 year out of a cord. Bought these hoping the would solve that problem. They did. HOWEVER. the first one stopped charging after about 2 Months of Use. the second stopped after about 4 months. I have them plugged in behind my bed for night time charging. Just started to use the 3rd. Seems like the Contacts on the phone side of the cord wear out prematurely. my original apple cord still works. NOT RECOMMENDED
Hardly registers, creates multiple windows errors on 10, takes forever to load and the transfer speed is the worst, my usb thumb drive for 2008 transfers faster than this POS. save yourself the money, DO NOT BUY. will be returning.
The product is an older version and does not work with Widows 10. So even though the computer identifies its presence, it does record or carry out anything else.
Not compatible with Dell Inspiron 15, 5000 series. Happen after 6 months of use. Error message comes up that says because it is not compatible, it will not charge battery and system will run slower.
About 6 months in, the laptop gives me a message on startup stating the battery is failing. It now won't hold a charge very long at all. (Roughly 30 minutes). Definitely do not recommend.
This product did not work at all with my devices. It fit on their ports but did not work.
This product does not work for me. Its actual size is 14 1/2 inches wide, 10 1/8 inches top to bottom and probably supports a laptop no thicker than 1 inch.
This cord was sent new, but it does not work at all. Even worse the cord is non returnable! DON'T BUY THIS!!!!!
Do not buy this to protect your Note 9. One of the screen protectors would not stick and 2nd screen didn't protect my phone whatsover. Good thing I have insurance. My advice is to get a Zagg screen protector to be safe.
Cant watch netflix with it
Terrible... there is no way it can ever generate enough heat to warm your coffee or even keep it warm. Mine went straight to the trash can.
Still haven't figured it out!
Very slow, constantly cutting off open pages
All six drives I order, listed as new both before and after I received mine, were all very old drives with tens of thousands of hours on them. That also means zero warranty. I bought drives that were actually new elsewhere at the same price.
Honestly. An excellent mouse. 1/5 Stars because it's terrible uncomfortable. My hand is big enough to barely palm a regular basketball. Love BenQ, a quality product, but this mouse has strained my hand and arm so much from casual use 2-3 hours a day, that I traded it for something different
It just doesn't perform well at all at anything. Totally useless to my son who loves to animate. And, totally frustrating.
Not as soft as the original ones that came with the pen. Or rather, maybe they are, but they don't work with my laptop trackpad anymore, and the previous ones (original ones) did. I don't like having to buy a whole new pen!!!!
i cancel The buy and i did not receive The Money Back until now !!!
Wouldn't fit in my iPhone
tried to use it with a single pc and that didnt work playback was just black, connected to my ps4 pro and i was getting around 1 frame every 4 seconds. i reverted the drivers and that seem to stop the stuttering but video playback was blurry. reached out to support and didnt get any answer till 3 days later which at that point i had just given up, i had spent 2 whole days troubleshooting with basically 0 guides online. the software is also useless.
Didn't come with the plastic bracket like the picture shows.
Keys started to get broken after two months of usage
Adhesives are not user friendly. The view on one of the sides is very grainy and on the other side bounces of the iight in the office.
The cables to connect to second computer are too shot, no direct customer support
Worst monitor ever! Dont waste ypur time and money. It has an awful green cast in the bottom right corner and a red cast in the upper left corner. Calibration via Spyder 5 wont fix it. If color accuracy is what you need, dont bother with this monitor, im a colorist student and this monitor has given me troubles since day 1.
Didn't it come with a AC ADAPTER POWER CORD. ridiculous.
It looks good and so cheap. One of leg was broken when I was going to use it, I put my notebook on, connected and adjusted the height then it broke, super fragile. One fan also stopped working. Not worth, cheap made and really doesn't cool my laptop. I have to find other better.
The battery I received made my computer go from bright to dim almost constantly. After just a few months it wont hold a charge. As soon as I unplug my computer it shuts down. Complete garbage!
Was kinda happy with Android os.....tablet only lasted 3months. now it doesn't power on anymore. It gets stuck on intro screen
Doesn't fit 13” MacBook. If you jam it in there it fits but then very difficult to remove.
When I put the tablet in the case the charging port and all buttons were covered by the plastic. The tablet will not charge with the cover applied. The case is going in the garbage. :(
mine arrived with signs of water damage on the circuit board which was easily seen since it was in pieces inside its SEALED package
These are very finicky and overheat , maybe if you get lucky and get a good one it worth the price but I caught hell with this , waste of money , sure there's a better one out there but then again you get what you pay for
bottom has a "play" and wobbles side to side on a hard flat surface. Creates annoying rattling sound and it uncomfortable. It's better on a soft surface so now I have to have a mouse pad. Cheap product.
The X/confirm button presses itself whenever it wants to. This makes battles, menu commands, or pretty much any gaming aspect unplayable. This happened after about a month of using it a few nights per week and now I can't return it.
Used it one time and it got so hot it burnt my finger and melted a little bit.. was unable to load anything onto my computer with it either it would not work correctly.
All 3 of these cables died on me. They would short out and stop charging the device they were plugged into. Take a pass on this product!
Extremely disappointed as the battery doesn't work after only 2 months. Obviously outside of my return window. They need to have a warranty that comes with this.
They will not work for charging my phone ,which is why we ordered them , ridicules. Waste of money, won't transfer data or charge the phone, complete rip off. It's a scam and Amazon should pull them from their shelf's and toss them in the garbage .
If you would like to spend about $119 for nothing, then feel free to buy it. This device has a useless hinge. After about 47 days, the hinge has stopped working completely. The wise decision will be to escape this product. Extremely disappointed!!!!!
I plugged the cord into my Galaxy S9 and I kept getting a message to use the original charger which came with my phone. When I plugged it in overnight, my phone went from 84% charge to 61% charge by the next morning.
I was not happy with product. I thought it was leather but it is not. Would not have paid 35.00 for this item.
Used both, screen was more than clean. Corners would not stay down on the first screen applied. Te second one the screen would not adhere near the home button. Would really like a refund.
I bought this product for my Fitbit but it will not charge cause the cable is broke and has never been used. I just took it out of the package and plugged it in and it is not making a connection cause one of the metal prongs is missing
Brand new product and this happened. Never any similar with an original one. It still works but I feel it could be dangerous to have around.
Cable is defective. It doesn't work at all.
This is clearly not a brand new fan as advertised.
I bought this charger and started using it. Not very long after, my my computer's battery exploded in the middle of the night and broke my computer....
Two loose pieces that make no sense as a functioning cover for iPad! Instead of one iPad in a nice cover, now I have 3 pieces to keep track of on subway or office: 2 separate pieces of cover and the iPad which pops out too easily from cover!
Original Review: Excellent Value on a Large Monitor with White Frame I was looking for a large monitor at a good price, and a white frame or bezel was preferred, but not necessarily required. My home office has a white theme, and most monitors are black (heck, most computer equipment in general is black). This monitor fit my needs perfectly. I'm not sure how they keep the price so low for a monitor of this size and quality. The picture is excellent, and the silver metal stand is a nice touch too. Updated Review: Stopped working after about three weeks. At random times, the monitor would go dark (not completely off, but to a very dark brownish color where you could no longer see what was on the screen. Dell does not provide any phone number of email address to receive help, so I received a refund through Amazon. Would not recommend this monitor given my experience. I've had other HD monitors that have lasted nearly ten years. To have a monitor show problems after just a few weeks is concerning.
So, the screen works, but I'm very disappointed with the tools that were included. The suction cup is horrid! I had to get my own. The separater tool was extremely weak and bent with the slightest pressure. It ended up taking the screen from 1 crack to shattered. Made this process a pain. The triangle edgers were junk and snapped the edges under the slightest pinch. The only good thing provided was the tweezers and the mini screw driver. The rest of the tools were horrible! Edit: they emailed me and offered to give me a full refund if I changed my review. Have photo evidence of this. Think about then when reading the "high" reviews for this company. They are paying for higher star reviews.
This was not compatible with my Samsung laptop as advertised Dot waste your money
Don't buy it. It is always loose to connect to iphone
Too late to return. It glitches and shuts down out of nowhere all the time. Horrible purchase. I was duped.
Had this for 4 months and this is the worst wireless keyboard and mouse I've used. Mouse has horrible tracking and skips around or doesn't move at all then jumps. Keyboard is frozen or repeats input. I failed me right at the beginning of an online test and, even though I have to change the batteries often (which is NOT normal) and I put new ones in, both the keyboard and mouse are simply not responding to input. Had to resort to using the touch screen out of desperation.
One cord works, one stopped after two months use. Crappy product, needs replacing.
Not able to be detected with Nintendo Switch console.
Over the years I only use kryonaut and this was off. Clumpy and very sticky, impossible to spread, either a knock-off or bad batch? Either way not happy, attempted multiple applications thinking maybe it's the first little bit, but no.
Worked for a week then it started corrupting all my data causing me to redownload everything, twice
This reader worked great for 30 days. One day past the 30 return period it died. I don't want anything that only lasts for a month. Don't buy.
Within the first couple of uses, this cable came apart and the wires are seperating. Terrible quality and very cheaply made.
Ordered 2 of those laptops for. Both had 2GB RAM and 32GB EMMC. Considering that RAM can not be replaced, I consider this the WORST purchase I made. Don't buy this crap.
Product is just ok, but my real issue with it is that it arrived 2 days late.
Unfortunately, like so many other people are now experiencing, this keyboard has stopped working. Either it doesn't register a key press or it registers multiple key presses. In the past I have been very impressed with Aukey products, but this is a real let down. Especially as it was a present that I gave.
Very difficult to install, introduces lots of bubbles under the skin. Cut pieces are too small - lots of unprotected gaps at the edges where the skin does not reach. Ended up throwing away.
If you have a laptop, there is great chance the Driver will not installed at. This is really silly, the support page says to connect directly to motherboard USB cause laptop USB port doesn't have enough power. Not everybody game on the desktop. So I have to buy a desktop so I can update the Driver. What a joke !
Never received they refunded money.
No signal, no power from either my mouse or keyboard with this connected. Appears to be completely dead except for the indicator light. Looks like it's going back.
This is the first mouse that stopped working in my experience. I have lost few wireless mouse but this one died after 4 months. The USB was not recognized by the computer.
Speaker was awesome! ....... for the first few months. Now one speaker doesn't work and the bass sounds glitchy at any point after half volume. For shame because this machine was glorious during its short life.
Does not come with bracket to secure Hd.
We have tried many times setting this up per the minimal instructions but it just doesn't work. Don't buy, it's a waste of money.
The product that was shipped was not the correct part. The connector on the power adapter was to big for my laptop and that they said was correct for my laptop.
Stated 1 year warranty and go back to pursue that no return no way to contact sellers and only option left to me is to leave a 1 star review to warn others away. Dont buy this unless you want to buy another one in 6 months
The replacement pads I received are not compatible with 13" Mac Book Pro.
These headphones have terrible build quality. After trying 2 pairs of this headset they both had shorted mics. This means whoever you are talking to can hear everything you hear when you talk.
The backlit never worked
This product was crap. After a few uses, it stopped working. I'm always careful with my chargers. Never just yank it out of the phone. But this just stopped for no reason.
The screen protector does not sit flush onto the iPad screen. There's a slight gap between the screen protector and the screen. Nice concept but bad fitment.
The pin fell out of the clasp, making the watchband unusable. It worked for about a week before the pin fell out. The band seemed pretty sturdy otherwise and looked nice with the Frontier watch.
I saw good reviews about it and i need a this cable asap, so I ordered it. I opened the package and the it was missing the small chip bar to hold-in the IR/Sleep light wire. I needed my computer so still connect it and it worked but suddenly it failed. My computer cannot read the hard drive.
I got this specifically as a bluetooth controller for a printer and well the bluetooth does not work. I tried headphones, amazon devices, etc. It could not link with anything especially not what I got it for so had to return it. The bluetooth interface was really not good. It was not seeing device names. Did not even get as far as the sd card so no point in going any further. Definitely not worth it.
It's been broken from almost the beginning and Corsair customer support has given us nothing but run around for almost two months so far. Don't buy Ripped iff
Broke after 2 months of use. Completely dead.
Don't know if it was me, not setting it up right but this router worked so slow that I returned it.
This cable functioned properly once, and sporadically for a couple weeks after that. It no longer provides any charge, ever.
As I wrote before, good for nothing!
This product advertises that it comes with a grommet mount system, allowing you to mount the arm through the desk instead of clamping to the back, however none of the pieces required were included and I do not have the space to mount using the clamp. Also, there is a plastic sleeve filled with screws and tools to install this arm, which came without 2 sets of mounting screws and without the throw away allen keys (I have a set of my own, but others may not). Going to have to drive around today and find a compatible mount to make this system work as it was advertised instead of working.
This case arrived broken. I'd like to return it please. Thanks
Couldn't hear anything. Wouldn't recommend
This device stopped working after a week.
SD Card reader stopped working after only a few uses.
I installed this RAM in my 2017 iMac. It was very easy to install. The computer worked great for about a week. After that week, the computer started randomly crashing. It would attempt to reboot and would display the apple icon until I unplugged computer and plugged it back in. Fortunately, it was just as easy to remove as it was to install. I'm returning the product and hoping for better luck with another brand of RAM.
Good afternoon!! Unfortunately there is no way I can return the product because I did not receive it. I really don`t know what happened because all the other products purchased arrived without any problems. I would like to be compensated. Thank you so much !
We've had this router for 7 months and it does not work! We constantly lose internet connection and have had to go and and spend money to purchase a new router.
waste of money, it stopped working after only 2 weeks and there's no warranty
Got an activation lock on iPad. It must not have been erased before selling. I have had so many problems with amazon. Two debit cards for $100 each. I wrote many times. More problems. I've been a good customer. Do not deserve this.
The stands lasted all of two weeks and ,Then the first stand. slipped and broke . IT may just be the one I got but I'M just am saying. Nothing happened nothing to cause it to break' I wouldn't buy this product and would recommending anyone else buy it
Buy this item and give me another pc
This did not come with the USB plug in so it's completley useless. Please send me a USB.
The thing didn't even work. Nothing popped up. worthless piece of plastic.
Piece of TRASH! Died right after the 3 month warranty!!!
Did not work at all.
They Do Not charge the phones. It will say it is, but after a hour or so the battery hasn't went up.
Item never arrived when it clearly said it was delivered on my amazon account. Not happy at all.
Its difficult to install & couldn't figure it out and what part i did figure out it doesn't work for our services
Didnt't work with my samsung s7. !!! And I was charged for shipping on top of it!!
I do not what others experiences are with this mouse, but I received two defective items in a roll. Problem 1: When I click the left button, only on average 1 out of 7 times it can actually respond. Problem 2: The scroll wheel is making squeaking noise when I scroll it up and it takes, to be honest, a very strong finger to scroll the wheel. Maybe the design itself is defective or maybe I am just having bad luck, getting two defective items in a row. Who knows.
Works really slow. Physical connected frequently doesn't make good contact, that makes it not working at all. Now it's just stopped working.
Picture isn't the best but it does the job
I have not received item and alert says it was delivered
It's broken when they sent it to me I thought it was just my monitor that was broken until I had it fix and been told that it's the graphics card that's broken and now I can't refund it it's over a month
Some time does not get WiFi Signal on my phone and my family phones and computer so do not buy this
does not work properly the reviews online are grossly inacurate do not buy this item... it does not work correctly.
After using it for a couple of months (about 3), it went bad.
I have had mine on for maybe a month and the coating is already rubbing off! The texture is great but these are just a waste of money. Save yourself the hassle and do not buy!
2.4 Ghz band stopped working after 10 months. Definitely not worth the money even for refurbished pricing.
Santa Claus brought these for my sons and they never did work. I read and read and after trying everything to get these to work we went to Walmart and bought new ones 😕
First couple days of having it all the buttons stopped working, apparently I got a very refurbished headset for it to bust so fast. Anyways it's stuck on the same setting I can't mute it and it sucks quite alot. I didn't know there was a 90 day warranty and only now thought to see if there was a 1 year warranty I thought I saw.. it was my fault for not sending it in but the fact it broke in a matter of days was quite frustrating.
I was told they will not work without an additional purchase! We can not get them to work!
useful to take notes, to draw...or use as a laptop. Wanted something to store notes. I usually like to handwrite rather than type so this allows for both. Thin and light so very portable- UPDATE: Do not waste your time with this. Bought this 6 months ago but lost the real pen. Lenovo discontinued the pen, no other options available and no where to purchase online making the Yoga book useless. A waste of money. Stay clear
I got just the case the seller didn't send the game with it :(
I've only had this backpack for a couple of months and the zipper to the laptop compartment is already broken. It does not say zipped. I was hoping for the money that it would be a sturdy backpack, but nope.
Very cheap and flimsy. Not worth the wait. Returned the product immediately and I wouldn't recommend this product to others
Stopped working after a week. Adapter hat plugs into the computer would have to be fully lifted up at a 90 degree angle to continue charging (sometimes). That worked for roughly a day or two. After this, the charger stopped working all together. Quite angry as I made sure to be especially careful with not bending this one as my last charger broke for that reason. Would not recommend or buy again
I bought the Logitech MX Anywhere mouse so I also ordered this case to use with it. The mouse did not work well so I returned it. I also wanted to return this case (since I was returning the mouse) but Amazon wanted to charge me almost $9 shipping to return the case. That's almost the entire purchase price. The mouse shipped back for free. I would have put both items in the same box but Amazon did not allow that option. Be careful of return shipping charges on this item!
I purchased this device in late January and it completely shut down on me today (only 2 months later). I would not buy this product again.
Didn't work for my Phone. It did work for another device I had so I kept it, but did not do what I bought it for.
I updated to the latest firmware before using this. I was able to use this for one hour total, straight out of the box, before the left stick started drifting forwards constantly making the controller completely unusable.
Very cheap and does not fit properly at ALL
did not fit camera, although it was stated to fit...very disappointed...
I've had this fan since April..it has worked GREAT up until yesterday! I turned it on and it just stopped working after a second. So I just turned it off. This morning I come to work and turn it on and it still wouldn't work. I laid it down and a few minutes later IT STARTED SMOKING! Not sure how or why! Now I don't know how to reach the seller but this is NOT ok!
This is what I get for buying from a 3rd party seller. Someone who steals the description off of an older model of the same headset to describe a headset that is NOT able to be used with the devices it says it is compatible with. Please update your INFO section. This is NOT compatible with xbox 1. Repeat . NOT compatible with xbox 1.
amazon delivered to the wrong place never recieved
I have purchased this product in the past and it worked fine. It is not particularly sturdy nor durable (keep in mind I have three daughters) but I would have given it four stars over all. This time I received a useless remote, clearly used and tossed around, showing numerous scratches and some minor wear in the keys. For the price I paid I would not mind keeping it but I could not even open the battery compartment. The seller has agreed to a refund, that's a plus, but now I'm hesitant to order again from this merchant.
DON't buy it. trash and won't work!
Ordered a black one to match all my hardware, room, desk, etc. and received a white one. I've waited to damn long and paid to much money and I'm pissed. I'm not sending it back now. eBay has never done this to me.
Used in my classroom for about 2 weeks and they died. Hoping I can return them.
I'm going to have to order a different one. This one falls down when I try to stand it up. I don't know why.
Bought 3 cords trying to get to work thinking the cord was defective. Told them we were having trouble with it but decided to try another cord as it was not making good contact - bought 2 more cords - the cords wouldn't stay in the computer only worked part of the time.
Have not received this item yet as of today sept 22, 2019. Please look into this
The product never worked, not even for a brief moment. It wouldn't stay on long enough to configure.
Simply put, this is junk. Does not work. Neither dongle worked on any device it was connected to. Whatever you do, avoid purchasing this as it's a waste of time and money.
The security of my product was a joke, the box was broken. You may expect more security and good state items for the amount that you are paying for... Bad first buy experience. Hopping this SSD works as expected once I install it!.
Do not buy this. Used with a 13" 2018 MacBook Pro for 6 months; drove a 4K monitor. I first noticed that it heated up quite a bit. The charge rate was slow but still acceptable. After 3 months the USB port stopped functioning. At 6 months it stopped charging altogether. Would recommend Apple's own dongle instead, provides same functionality without all the heat stress.
I thought it would be good to be able to see me computer while being protected by a case. This case is clear but has a purple hew to it. It also had air bubbles and dirt in the plastic of the lid. I think I will stick to the softer touch colored cases.
Never received the item
Broken out of box Never refunded. Almost quit Amazon after horrible service on both sides on this.
Two weeks waiting the item, since I bought it. My laptop broken, I can't work with and I'm still waiting the order. My worst opinion of Hot Deals 4 Less. I don't recommend buying them.
Does not work with Canon MX922 printer.
Not compatible with my ps4
It's really thick. There's an empty space between the button and the cover, so no chance of typing fast. Really uncomfortable for quick and long typing.
Was a cool router but is incompatible with PS4 and will not grant a NAT type.
The laptop arrived as scheduled in two days. Upon booting up the computer the Win operating system was Win 7 Pro instead of win 10 Pro as described. I looked on line to see if it was still possible to free upgrade to Win 10 Pro, Other users experience ranged from no, maybe, to yes perhaps if you had the product code key for Win 7 Pro. I did not see the product key code as no paperwork came with the computer and I did not see it on the computer. I also felt I should not have to do this. I called Amazon and they agreed to refund my money as they felt it should have come with Win 10 Pro installed and they could not give me an exchange unit. I returned the computer back to Amazon and I received my refund. This was a bad experience for me and while I will buy from Amazon again I won't buy from you again. Mike H
This tablet is the worst tablet I ever owned. Sent back for refund. Seriously DO NOT BUY THIS. Terrible pixelated screen, drops wifi constantly. Very slow, apps run terrible and most apps won't even load. Screen feels like running your finger over a garbage bag.
It's only likes to write in one corner and is so tiny
Worst modem/router I've ever owned. What a waste of money.
Bought 2 sets both sets - that's 4 cables all died within a couple weeks. Stay away from this one
Was returned because I ordered 2 by mistake
No matter what device I plug this into I error this accessory uses too much power
Within a week this headset stopped working!!!
This product was not working when I got it I put it into my kindle and it said device not supported and corrupted or damaged card. So they sent me basically junk thank goodness for amazon return policy
They only last me one week and they stopped working, not buying from them again .. waste of money
I regret buying this case because the ipad so easily falls out of the slips that it becomes very annoying. I am looking for a replacement now.
not worth the money, just get a refurbished apple brand one
Apparently arrived bad out of the box. I can't get it to work though it did download some drivers and appears as a device on my computer. Worst part is I can find no support (manuals etc) for this product. It appears to be completely plug-and-play which is great, if it worked.
I ordered this item twice and each time the cord frayed at the base. HORRIBLE!!
Worst computer I have ever had in my life
This charger worked consistently for one month and since has charged my MAC inconsistently. Very frustrating when you thought you were set. Have tried different positions of cord, Mac and device without success.
Cheap, wouldn't recommend. "Accessory not supported"
The connector just come of the drive when I was trying to pull it out. Not sure if I can recover my files now, but the quality of the product is questionable.
This monitor was great for the price, and it was my first 144 hz monitor I got after I built my PC. However just randomly after a month or two I turned it on one day and I have very noticeable blue tint to the screen and a blue line down the left side. My guess is the monitor overheated while playing overwatch for almost an entire day, nevertheless this is unacceptable quality. I contacted support and was greeted with barely english speaking people who were not knowledgeable about the product at all, and couldn't even get my name right after telling them over 5 different times how it is spelled. I will try to return it and get it replaced, but going two weeks without my monitor is unacceptable when it is clearly a manufacturing error. I have tried other computers and other cables and have determined it is definitely the monitors issue. We will see how support handles this, will definitely be getting a warranty next time so this headache is Amazon's problem.
It doesn't fit my tablet to talk and not wide enough
Doesn't fit my tablet spent my money on this and it turned out useless
The product didn't fit the description. Then I returned the product and never got my refund.
Doesn't work. TV says no signal when it's plugged in. Driver couldn't be found on my other computer. Worked sporadically for a few weeks and now is useless. I bought A new hdmi cord in case that was the problem and it still doesn't work.
I replaced the batteries 3 times in 2 weeks until it finally just stopped working. Feels cheap because it is cheap. don't waste your money.
Never got it to work. Contacted the company and never heard back from them. Tossed it out.
The screen protector cracked while I was putting it on the iPad Pro. So disappointed because it's xmas eve and I don't know if I will give these to the kids without a protective screen on it. It looked easy to install and fits nicely. Just wish it didn't crack before its put into use.
This item is not compatible with Mac. Bought this last June as a back up. Only just tried to start using it and it is corrupt and will not work with my Mac. Complete waste of money as I will now find it hard to return! Livid.
This laptop is trash
Was unable to use it due to a defect. The metal rails were pinched inwards where the connectors are, making it impossible to adjust the width between them to match my GPU.
It says delivered and friday and I do not have the product..
Do not buy this bag. The chest strap literally fell off. The weight is so poorly distributed, I have a bruise on my lower back from the bag jabbing me. I'm so upset bc the chance to return it closed YESTERDAY.
The delivery was late,in the 2 days delivery, so i couldn't get my order, and know I'm having trouble to cancel the order and be refund
I'm upset that is never came with the bluetooth piece, just the mouse. Is there anyway I can get the bluetooth piece because this seems useless and a waste of money without it
received speakers in the mail today after another set of Logitech speakers that served me well for years died. Speakers wont even power on. Very disappointing that so many people are having problems with these speakers.
Very hard to install! This product had the Prime eligible logo on the order page but after I paid, the delivery date changed to 9 days. So I called Amazon the next day to have the order canceled so I could order another to arrive before Christmas. This was 6 days before the holiday. The representative said the two day delivery is from the day it ships from the store. Then she said she couldn't cancel it because the order had already been processed. That evening I received an email saying the product had shipped. I have a prime membership and the only reason I have it is to get 2 day delivery on eligible products. I realize some products cant be eligible for two day delivery but I feel this product was falsly advertised and I will be canceling my membership now.
Both of the ones I received in the pack didn't work. Thought at first it was the Bose Audio system I was hooking up to. Bought one from Apple and it worked just fine. Not worth my time to send back.
The headset smelled of cigarette smoke like someone had used the headset while smoking and then turned around and sold it. I had to change out ear pieces with new ones that were clean smelling had to use Clorox wipes to disinfect the other parts of the headset. Lesson learned never buy items second hand, very very unhappy with the condition of the item.
I am a die-hard Logitech fan, love all of their products- until I purchased this headset. The first 3 weeks the headset seemed like a really a really great purchase, then the beeping started. I looked for troubleshoot tips online and some of them works for a short period of time, while others did not resolve the issue at all. While using my headset I constantly hear the low battery beep, EVERY 15-30 SECONDS! It is noticeable enough to that using this headset has become such a nuisance. I have read many troubleshooting tips directly from the Logitech forms and they preach to keep your firmware up to date and the beeping will go away- well, that not true at all. I wish Logitech would release a firmware update to fix this problem instead of making me, the consumer, have to constantly update firmware and uninstall/reinstall software. I really would advise you to go with another headset until Logitech fixes errors on their end. This headset seemed great and had all the perks I was looking for, it just fell short with the troubleshooting that is obviously on their end, due to the number of reports I've read of people experiencing this same defect. Do NOT purchase this headset, it is not worth the headache!!
These cords are nice and long, but they are only a few weeks old and have stopped working. Unfortunately, the return window has closed, but I will try to contact the seller.
My kids were able to scribble on it, however erase button didnt work. Thanks to Amazon for fixing my problem. Very Poor quality. It was a Christmas present for kids for an upcoming trip
Two days after the return window, the zipper pull on the case came off as I tried to close the case. I would like to return for a refund. Using the case without the appropriate pull is inconvenient.
Loved the cover but unfortunately it was not 13.3 inches that I needed for my MacBook. Sent it back with no problems for return.
Bought it in confidence that they would at least call it new and take the old accounts off of it right? 😂 re installed the os, nothing has worked on it since.. then! Video stopped showing so it turns on.. and nothing comes on the screen checked all my HDMI connections, even works with the other devices I have. Pretty pissed about it.
This came without the shot glass and the decal on the glass is not tidy at all.
I originally thought this was a great deal for a full HD 15.6 inch laptop. However, after just under a year, the computer won't even boot to BIOS, much less to Windows. The keyboard just flashes. I've charged the battery, too. I am handy with computers, and can fix most software issues, but I don't know how to fix a computer that can't even boot to BIOS.
it's broken and not working though the price i paid was big.
I don't think this is an authentic Speck case and it does not fit my iPad even though the one I have is specifically listed.
Uhm? Okay? But what is this? It's obviously not what I ordered, and it's not returnable!! Please send me what I ordered!!!
junk...they work for a little while then stop charging...waist of money
The Digital AV adapter was easy to use and set-up. It worked great the first time of use for watching a show. Tried to use it a second time and it was a no go. Troubleshooting of various items occurred on swapping out HDMI cables and trying different ports. But ultimately, it was determined that the device died after one use.
Don't Buy One until Samsung fixes their issue. I loved my Tab S2 and used it all the time. Then Samsung pushed one of those updates to the OS you delay but never opt out of and it killed my tablet. it still can do all the stuff it used to but the battery is useless it takes longer to charge and won't hold a charge. Before the update, if I was frugal I could go for 5-6 days without charging! Post update I can't go longer then a few hours. Plus it discharges 50% overnight while in sleep mode. It's now a $400 paper weight (it's to thin to be a door stop). From reading the Samsung forums, it's plain to see this is a problem many users are having (it looks to me like it goes back to at least June of 2017) so that's 10 months now with NO HELP from the Samsung to fix the problem they forced on their users without any way to back-out the update. If you have one and it's not doing this yet - don't take the latest OS updates from Samsung or you'll likely have a paper weight too. I'll be happy to update this review once Samsung does the right thing and patches the problem.
I bought this splitter so I could have 2 video game systems hardwired rather than rely on WiFi. When both systems were connected, neither one would get internet whether the other one was completely powered off or not. Save yourself the hassle and just buy an actual internet switch instead.
It only worked for a week.
When I bought this I'm pretty sure it said it was the surface pro classroom pen. It is not. And it stops working randomly. Just pay extra and get the real thing.
This is an inferior product. Mouse will die out in 3 months.
This case pops off constantly, every corner has chipped and broken and it always has smudges and fingerprints on it. Going to look for a skin make of silicone or some other material that will stay on better and keep MacBook Pro protected
I got these and used them for xmas stocking stuffers. Everyone that got one, called me within 2 weeks to tell me they no longer worked. I guess you get what you pay for. Go Mets!
I was happy to receive this item so quickly, however, the R2 button simply does not work at all.
all plastic with a leather design material , never again low quality product. if you slide your hand down the sides of the case you will get a paper cut, I already order another brand .... garbage!!!
cheap scam, lasts about 2 months, just long enough to cancel Amazon's return policy. seller will respond "please contact Amazon" which they know means you aren't getting any exchange/return/refund. Buyer Beware.
This comes with a one sentence instruction to plug it in, and it works. Of course -- no software, no instructions, and no way to figure out how the heck to operate it. The Silicon Power website is not much help. They have downloads - not of anything you need -- and no documentation of what to do, or how to do it. I'm sure somebody figured this thing out -- but I have no idea what to do, and consider it worthless -- because of that. Returning it immediately.
The adapter is very poor quality. It dies after 9 months. Right now I'm dealing with my 3rd adapter which dies if you touch it, it has to be in the perfect position without any disturbance and even then the adapter will randomly lose connection.
Great little mouse that fits in my bag. I don't worry about the battery going dead since there is no battery. It retracts perfectly every time. I just dropped the rating since this mouse didn't last very long.
Stopped working after a month. Shouldn't be suprised. Cheap. Don't buy.
How can a description so deceitful make it and stay on? Amazon can you do something about it? I have had this product for several months now and every time I try to do something with it I realize that what I thought it could do based on specs, it can't. Expensive mistake.
Did not work for my item that did not come with a recharging cord 😟
I have never come across a cheaper cable then this. It would not release from the monitor as the release button was not working. CHEAP!!! MADE IN CHINA!!!! Disgusting. I would never ever buy from this company again. Had to throw the cable in the garbage and bought a great one at Best Buy.
Paired to my bluetooth speaker sometimes, my headphones = never. Once connected, it showed that it was playing , but no sound came from my speaker. Did work with wired headphones, but defeated the purpose of buying a bluetooth mp3 player. Bad feature I noticed was that every time I turned the device off it turned the bluetooth off, so re-pairing required after every shut down. As stated by others, screen resolution poor for anything but menu functions.
My Laptop needs to get fixed on Amazon and My Laptop wasn't working since Last Sunday because My Laptop was black and white Last Sunday. My Laptop wasn't charging on my Outlet good.
Junk and the seller insisted on assaulting my intelligence after charge me for return shipping saying I never plugged it in
I had a laptop that had a spill, you guys denied a repair saying it was MY fault. NEVER to do business with THIS company, NOR ASSURANT to EVER TOUCH anything I purchased through Amazon,,,
the seller was a buffoon-I returned it because it was the wrong item. It was 3 weeks late arriving and everything took forever to finalize.
Thought these would be fun gifts for kids and friends. Purchased 3 of each color , Red, Blue and Green. All have failed in some way. Some keep charging but the lights don't work after a day or two. Some connections have been extremely loose. Told my friends and family to just throw them away because that's what they are, garbage. Don't buy these.
Had the charger less than a month and it already stopped working. Waste of money.
(All 3) Broke after a year... like wtf. You may think you're getting an awesome deal but you're not. Unless you're a masochist who likes using charging cables and having them break when you least expect it.. like when you are taking a road trip into nature with your phone as your sole navigator and then it dies. You don't know where you are, you can't call for help and there are wolves crying out in the distance. You have to eat the moldy crumbs off the floor of your car and drink your own urine because you don't want to be the person who died over a charging cable. Yeah don't be that guy.
Didn't work. No power. Sent back
Purchased in December 2018. The longest cable suffered from a major kink and stopped working.
Sent back all keys didn't work upon delivery but the seller did make refund
Does not stick. At all.
Spent so much money on this Orbi system, it sucks. Drops devices but still indicates they are connected? No Air Print, poor coverage even with an extra satellite and plug-in satellite - I am so tired of wasting cash on mesh systems that are supposed to be the solution to all problems, yet they are just junk. I guess I'll go back to Apple products.
This cable did not work. I was using it to go from my MacBook Pro to the monitor and for some reason when this cable was plugged in, it interfered with the internet access. Unplugged the cable and hooked the monitor directly into the MacBook, and was able to get on internet, no problem. Could see the monitor okay, so I guess it works as long as you don't need to use the internet. Returned it and will try a different brand.
The cable worked perfectly for roughly a week and a half. Now no signal is picked up on the monitor, regardless of monitor or pc/laptop.
This product is a piece of junk do not waste your money. I purchased it in June and its stop working in August, it stop taking charge and would not turn on. I should have send it back when it would not work properly when I first got it. Save you money for a better product!
I would highly recommend! This works just as well as the authentic apple charger for my MacBook Air. Update: After a few days, the charger stopped working. I used my extender adapter and it caused some type of spark when plugged in with this charger and now the charger is no longer functioning.
Size of privacy filter does not match 13.3" HP Spectre x360 screen.
It's just hard to use is the best part. 2 of the keys on the keyboard are non functional. The Windows 10 is insufferable.
The laptop case is very cheaply made and the marble doesn't look like the picture here, it is extremely pixilated
After a few months of use the case would not hold the iPad mini in properly. One side keeps piping out,,rendering it useless...
just another cheap knock-off. It does not fasten itself to the bottom of the console at all!
Not compatible with my Dell laptop.
I thought I needed this for nights on call so it would wake me. But if your smart phone will not vibrate solid for a full 4 seconds it will never work. I changed my Samsung phone to the longest vibrate possible and it didn't see it. Just download an obnoxious tone and have it remind you several times. You will wake up and if you are like me, you will learn to hate your phone. But hey I am on call frequently and it is my job.
Started having problems with it dropping devices from wireless several months after purchasing it. Check on line and found many people have this issue, I don't believe it is my setup, plugged out router back in and problems went away, This router may work great for some but for others not so much, we all seem to have he same basic problem, I think there are possible software issue with router.
One worked the 2nd is a failed product!
I just got this mouse and I like it, but unfortunately I will be returning it tomorrow because right-click button is not working. Be aware of this type of issues.
Both didnt work , poorly made threw them away
it is lock and I cannot find any one to fix it
Does not work as described, too many issues in setup process, did not work as intended with two computers. Very frustrating. Tech support not helpful at all.
I had this charger for only one month and it already broke. the plug in part got stuck into my laptop and the actual cord detached. I hope I can get a refund or a new one sent to me.
This backpack has a strong chemical smell that isn't going away after 2 months of leaving it open, washing & drying it 4 times, leaving it out in the sun, leaving it in the cold outside air. & inside the warm house. The smell is strong enough to fill the air in a room. Unfortunately, I'm unable use it due to the smell. The good news is it looks nice and holds its shape after multiple washes.
Wrong size. Does not fit the Samsung tablet as advertised
I just received this iPad today and was excited to be able to find something that wasn't super expensive for school since I'm doing online classes. At first, everything was uploading and I was in the process of getting my icloud connected. Then it froze on the Apple screen. I haven't been able to turn it off or get it connected to my computer. Very disappointed.
Doesn't work as good as I expected to.
Just got it and it smelt like smoke & it smelt gross! the nintendo games barely fit & if you even put three beside each other the flap gets bunched up cuz it's too tight!
Junk. Do not buy this. It had an issue with one of the drives after only a year or so. When I recovered it, all my files are gone.
Corrupts files somehow. Not a quality product.
Item arrived with a small rip in the packaging; I only received 4 instead of 5.
Received in October. Worked well for awhile. Now it won't work at all. Should have lasted longer than this. Put in three different new batteries and it didn't make any difference. Disappointed.
Tried to use as a signal combiner to join the signals from two directional antennas. Didn't work at all, even after putting matched cables from antennas.
I got it less than a week ago and it already stopped working. Worked fine at first, used it maybe 5 times. Now I (a graduate student) am stranded without a computer charger.
I bought this Graphics card last year. I was hesitant, but I decided to purchase despite my stomach telling me it was questionable. I recently tested the card using GPU-Z and the program detected it as being a fake. My integrated graphics on my processor run better than this card. Avoid at all cost.
It didn't cool like it said it would. Maybe lasted 30 minutes
Arrived missing critical pieces - TOGGLE missing (of all items), so I could not use the headphones. Also, missing USB cable to charge them. What a let down! I returned them to Amazon for a full refund!!!
I installed the battery as directed and it seemed to not fit exactly smoothly albeit easy to do. I powered up and it showed as charging but at some point it would cycle to charge/then battery and back and forth. I tried everything to stop the back and forth as every time it cycled (1-3 minutes) the screen would dim and then bright and never slept. I thought the computer was bad and actually started looking for another laptop but decided to reinstall the battery...several times to no help. I then did a last ditch effort to save my money on a new laptop and took the battery out completely and guess what???? It worked perfectly. I installed the battery again and the errors came back. Bottom line, this battery sucked and didn't work from day 1 and it took me this long to figure it out...I am not employed by the geek squad :-) Don't have anything else to say but just save your money as this product was a huge let down....I just wish I could return it now.
It stopped working. Don't buy it. I saw one of these in the airport for $40, so I really like the price. It charges just fine and plays music with no issues. Here are the flaws: I can't control the music with the headphones (one click to start or stop, etc). It's like the signal doesn't translate through this adapter. I can't make phone calls with this. I can't hear or speak to the other party.
The note creation function is OK (not great) but the other functions (magnifying glass, screen and region capture, laser pointer) don't appear to work at all.
I used it about 5 times since I got it then it stopped turning on it's not what I expected from a logitech since I have used their products before and still have the keyboard and another mouse before that still works
I returned the card . Was not recognized by my camera and by my laptop
Would not connect to router. No phone number or contact fr technical support.i returned the extender
Disconnects randomly. Games would fail to download (which my Xbox would notify me about - within 3 minutes I ended up with 20 notifications!!!). Multiple games were corrupted (?) and would fail to launch. Horrible. I want my money back and a different hard drive. /Rant
I bought these figuring they would be very versatile and they were not at all. There are no instructions on how to use turbo functions and they feel cheaply made in my hands. Not to mention it runs on AAA batteries, which is never mentioned in the listing. Just spend your money to make a better investment in controllers that will last longer and function better.
this is the worst thing I've seen, the camera does not work, the touch screen feels like sandpaper ....a bad article.DO NOT BUY THIS
Read everything before you buy these warranties.......bought a 2 yr warranty only to discover the coverage time is the same time the manufacturers warranty covers. Why warranty the same thing twice?
I bought this ram memory, hoping it would be good, but my pc does not start. I am totally disillusioned.
Navy Blue as pictured is more like black with possibly a bit of blue in it. It's definitely not the blue as shown. I reordered a different color.
Seems like this unit can not hold the device for long. I keep having to add more glue and further support the device. Defeats the whole purpose of this unit. I would not buy it again.
We used these controllers less than 3 times before one of the buttons broke and is stuck. We reached out to Amazon who reached out to the manufacturer and I have never received a response. We were outside of the 30 day window for a return as we were on vacation for 3 weeks in July so started using when we returned home in August. Very disappointed as this was a birthday present for my son.
I just got this in the mail today. I was super excited. I don't have any T.V service. It's too expensive. So, I bought this. It definitely connects to my t.v. and phone (Samsung Note 8). You'll see what I see on my phone, buuuuut.... every time, I mean every time I plug this thing in. I lose phone service. Definitely not worth it.
cant be connected to an HDMI port or otherwise connected to a TV - what's the flipping point? doesn't bother to mention that anywhere. I wouldn't have bought it. Waste of money.
Didn't get a chance to install this until after the return period, of course. Reads that it is brand new (SMART) but makes mechanical noises and doesn't work. It's the weirdest thing.... try to copy files, it begins to copy then tapers down to KB/s and never finishes. The mechanical "clicking" sound tells me it's just a bad drive, but it's funny how it still tries.
everything was fine, but i barely used it to type anything and after a week keys stopped working. waste of money
Received item and it was the wrong color. Ordered green, received blue.
I absolutely love the look, the solid feel of the aluminum, and everything else about it except the fact that the one I got unfortunately has something wrong with the pcb that plugs into the pi. When plugged in to the pcb the screen just turns on and off in a loop but unplug it and plug the hdmi in direct and the pi works perfectly.
Upon arrival, you could clearly see That the box for the item was opened previously and the person who had it before myself tried to cram it into the box to get it to fit. I was sent this pre owned product, that said clearly on the listing that it was NEW. This product was missing all of the screws and items needed to put it together. Thus making it completley unuseable. (I would gladly edit or remove my review if something is done to fix this. I just can't give a fair review on a product that could not be used.)
I have not been able to get this to work! I want to return it for a refund. I have to add a star to write this but this should be a minus.
Works great for a month and I been using it continuously and successfully initially on multiple laptops to store files due to lack of storage space on the laptops. However, after a month, it just gave up on me and fails to be detected on any laptop or desktop. LOST ALL MY FILES! I am much affected at work due to this loss of data.
Got two of these over 6 months ago and have them controlled by alexa. Constantly not responding to alexa and I have to reset and set up again. Week goes by ok and again stops responding to alexa. Basically these plugs are useless.
Seemed too good for the price. It was. First 8 ports died after 2 hours.
I thought this would be an easy safe way to get pictures off my old phone before exchanging it for a new phone. It took forever to download the photos and it did not copy all my videos. So about 100 videos were lost.When I opened the flash drive in my compute the pictures were all randomly downloaded. I expected them to be downloaded from the beginning to the last picture. I was very disappointed in the product. You get what you pay for.....I wish I could get a refund.....
I never received the product how can I rate it?
So upset it was working at first then the sound stopped. I am returning not impressed
Air spaces under ipad glass cover were impossible to get rid of.
I had this laptop less than 30 days before I returned it. The cursor froze and wouldn't reset Slow processor and disappointing screen resolution I guess you get what you pay for !
I used the product once. Now when I go back to get photos off of the drive half of them are damaged. Also, it won't work on my iPhone anymore so I'm not able to backup anything. Extremely disappointing. I would not recommend.
Constantly glitches out and the vpn constantly stops working and makes it where you can't even use the internet, good idea, terrible product
Cheap and poorly designed mouse. Does not charge after 5 months of use. Stick with a battery type wireless mouse.
Video card broke 2 days after receiving the product.
Hinge broke after 7 months of use. I thought this was a durable case that would last at least a few years but sadly that was not the case.
This USB key was recognized as a full 1 TB on my Windows 10 machine but (in reality) had only about 30GB usable. In a batch copy, initial files would copy properly and could be read. Beyond 30 GB or so the files would have errors and could not be read or used. Disk utilities would hang at the 3% mark. Returned for full refund.
Great while it lasted. But it only lasted a month. Data transferring stopped working so my SD cards and external drives wouldn't work, which was my main reason for purchasing. The company claims to have a lifetime warranty, but I tried contacting along with Amazon and received no response. Huge waste of money and would not recommend to anyone.
i just received the device in my country, unfortunately it was not what i've expected. the device is not like NEW it was opened and you can see broken screws and wifi works only near the modem. 4G is not supported too. i don't recommend dealing with seller
Battery was DOA and will not take charge, the power cord did not have the end that plugs into the wall.
does not work. i tried it on multiple laptops. i was excited for this product. what a let down.
Didn't even fit. The metal on the thunderbolt 2 end wasn't fit tightly around the connector. Really disappointed in sabrent. I would try another maker guys.
Does not fit the I-pad as advertised
Never received my products
As an engineer who has been designing wireless networks for years, this router has a lot promise, but the reality is the various features are full of glitches and bugs. Firmware issues galore and ASUS tech support is clueless. After two weeks of dealing with character mapping issues between UI and what is actually broadcasting over one of the radios, I boxed up this overpriced paperweight and returned to Amazon. Sad for a tri-band router that has a retail price of $399.
Nothing special just piece of silicon obviously. Kinda disappointed because I had keyboard protectors in the past, this one was kinda sticky and uncomfortable to use tbh I rather not use it actually I'm just using this untill I can find the previous brand I order my protector from. I think it's definitely over priced for the quality it is.
I received my train and its broken, chipped and the packaging is horrible.
Not a plug and play. Didn't work
I've been told the 4 GB version runs a lot better and I wish I listened. I got the 2 GB with normal Windows 10 and once I booted up starting experienced problems upon startup. The issue is it constantly runs slow and when I even opened a web browser the RAM just capped immediately. I tried using YouTube and it barely ran at 480p and that was a chore for the little stick. The processor seemed to run ok and the computer to it's credit booted quickly. But once it got in it just seemed to lose that speed very fast. It even had trouble signing in, giving me time out errors or saying it couldn't pull up my pin to log in. The only positive is for a stick PC, the 32 GB eMMC was nice plus it could be expanded via SD card. The actual build is nice it's just too bad that the 2 GB version can't keep up. If you do get this I strongly recommend having the 4 GB version. I've heard it's much better.
Completely did not work and got very hot very fast when connected.
good product but it did not fit
So unhappy with these! Hold no charge and stopped working after a few days. Probably a seller that offers gift cards for deleting bad reviews. Don't buy
The modem is active on another account. Comcast could not activate it. So it is a waste of everyone's time to even sell it. I see I am not alone with this kind of review on cable modems. Could not even tell you how it preforms.
Ordered 10 packages and 7 of them wouldn't work for data transfer, only power
The worst iPhone cords I've ever bought! The first one the charging pin came out the FIRST time we used it! The second one stopped charging after ten minutes so it started losing battery even though it was plugged in. VERY disappointed. Threw them away. They were an absolute waste of money! Not worth the hassle of having to run out at 1 in the morning to replace them!
I am extremely unhappy about this product. DO NOT purchase it for your surface Book 2. This product is not well designed and will actually damage your laptop during installation; It tears apart the aluminum coating. Also, it is nearly impossible to get this product on my device without filing off a component. If this component was not filed off, I would not have been able to get this product on my device without seriously damaging it. I should be requesting a new laptop, but I will be requesting a refund instead. Stay away from this case, it's not worth it.
After only a few months, the USB C has stopped working. It does not register on my laptop or phone. Very disappointing!
Speaker cables after 5 weeks are crating static and causing sound degradation. Re-seating the cable produces lots of crackling. Speaker cables are of poor quality. Wish I could return but am beyond the return window :-(
Keyboard works fine. Loud when typing. Wierd key setup. Backspace is small and buried amid other keys. Have to stare at keyboard each time I backspace in order to hit the backspace. Unfortunately that is often for me.
This was not a good buy. Processor very very slow. Had to keep clicking on mouse to have it respond then wait - sometimes had to sing a song while waiting. Reminds me of the first computer I owned in a third world country in the 1990's - Bad buy. Will be returning. I have bought computer on Amazon before without any problems- great computers - but this one I am disappointed. Will be returning
It doesn't work. Additionally, it is not UL listed.
Arrive on time,only one way receive data,another way is only power,not good,dont buy it again
Fake!! Don't buy, they might send you a fake chip
Signal is very poor and weak while my next room can't connected to the router.
I wanted a tablet just to show photos. With the price around $100 I thought this might be a good deal. It wasn't. From the first time I turned it on it started crashing. Different failures every few minutes. It was a waste of money. I'm sending it back.
maybe it can be good. but i never got it
The lower bit doesn't stick well on the laptop
These were not worth the postage it cost to send. Upon opening two of the three were broken. I only needed one so I proceeded to install on my work laptop. I read the reviews and followed the instructions, which included ensuring the camera eye was in the opening. I did this prior to installation. It slides well, but when open the cover causes a shadow on the eye of the camera. Don't order. Look for another device, even if it is a bit more expensive. Total waste of money.
My friend has one of these that works great, so I ordered one. However, mine does not work! Is there a way to get a replacement?
2 days late and I have already left the ship to location. :(
Not a stable wifi router. Sucks! Update... downgraded to 1 star. I have wasted enough time with this thing. The only part of my house with inconsistent or non-existent wifi is the half covered by this router. In this day of smart home technology, nothing is worse than having to get up to reset the router just to turn off lights!
Product never worked. I do not recommend.
Touch screen stopped working after two hours of arrival.
in the picture it shows that it will come in a grayish black it came in a blue
The product works well, the problem is the failure that came with the case. It is marked by the pressure of the magnet.
Broke within a month or two. Not good quality.
Instructions are incomplete. No instructions nor images to show how to add cards. You say above "Shoppers find images and videos more helpful than text alone." So do purchasers, but alas, nothing here.
Sensor Wayyyyyy to sensitive.looks nice
Portability is really the only thing this keyboard has going for it. It has an awkward layout, slides all over the place when typing, and it pretty much non functional for any productive tasks.
It take to long to get
I've handled many different HDDs for a long time and I've never seen one kick the bucket so suddenly and with less provocation. I get it, not every HDD ships perfect. Never had to deal with Seagate support before, so hoping this goes smoothly and I can update this review in a few months with something more positive.
Wrist support is too low, it is like not having one
I don't know if it's the steelseries keyboard or if I have a defective model, but various keys have stopped working or work only sometimes. Even as I am typing this review I have to copy/paste every 'L' character I use because pressing the keyboard simply doesn't work. I am very disappointed in this laptop. I guess I've learned my lesson for wanting gaming AND portability, it's just not feasible at this price point so they must have cut costs when it comes to the keyboard.
Not a very good product. Doesn't play DVDs cleanly.
I was hoping for more pockets for SD card and a better fit for a hard drive.
I didn't realize that I have to continually recharge the headphone battery. Why doesn't it recharge as it's being used?
After a few weeks the mic stopped working.
The bottom cracked soon after I put it on my laptop. The case barely stays on and it definitively doesn't protect my laptop. The case is inexpensive but still isn't worth the price
When we received this charger, it didn't look like the picture, however it worked fine so we didn't return it. 4 months later, and it stopped working completely.
Does not allow keyboard backlight to show. Wished I would have known before I bought, never would have got this cover.
I bought this less than a year ago, and I've been having consistent problems. So I will preface that this computer was barely USED by me until 3 months ago, and I've had nothing but problems since. There was no physical damage as far as I could tell however I've been having problems since I've decided to use it regularly: The wifi is very unstable and sometimes nonexistent, since I had to move from my laptop to using this desktop, I've been attempting to play games with my friends, only to disconnect every 30 minutes. Now I originally thought the issue was my internet provider, but none of my other devices were having issues. I decided to investigate my router, no issues at all. I move to the pc and I noticed that the usb dongle they include that either assists (or allows not even certain at this point anymore) the wifi connectivity was no longer operating. I removed it, and plugged it into my old laptop, it functioned, I attempted to use it on a different port, nothing. I decided to swap the usb with one that I knew was working, and it didn't work, AND afterwards that port ceased to function until next restart. THIS WAS ONLY WITHIN 3 MONTHS OF ACTUAL USAGE. (Computer was left untouched for most of a year and picked up for primary usage in May). I've been having this problem quite consistently with the ports, and I recently attempted to contact skytech support, of which all of their lines were busy and they had me leave my name and phone number and they'd get back to me as soon as possible. I called at 11 am PST (of which they are open until 5pm PST) and I didn't receive a call since. Now while this problem is quite recent, I would like to point out that this PC is not HTC VIVE compatible due to the fact that there is a significant lack of ports that actually function, some of the ports are not connected to the card which means they will NOT function whatsoever, so if you are using this computer for VR, your only option really is to get a RIFT S for it.
It was good but it stopped working. Only the volume button and G-buttons work now.
today,i switched on my PC and there is a message "An operating system wasnt found." entered in BIOS and there is not anymore identified any SSD. worked around 30-35 hours. i am outside of U.S. so i couldn't get any real support. before there were never problems with Amazon.
These tips were perfectly fine at first, and look very nice on the Apple Pencil, but wore out very quickly. I would honestly just recommend buying the apple specific tips because they last much longer than these ones. In 3 weeks I have gone through both tips, just with normal usage of the pencil.
Watch what you get. The one I received had 500GB on the box but inside was a 250GB with the same serial number.
The fine air bubbles would not come out of the screen. Even after several attempts and trying to use a credit card to smooth out the bubbles.
ONE YEAR LATER I'm updating this review and taking the keyboard from five stars down to two. The keyboard has been lightly and infrequently used. I'm experiencing issues with squeaking keys and a spacebar that is nonresponsive if tapped anywhere but dead center. Also, and as others have reported, the batteries leaked inside the keyboard. Just know that durability may be questionable here. ----- As a fan on minimalism, I really appreciate this keyboard. It's beautifully designed, and well built. Key travel is just perfect for me. It pairs very quickly across multiple devices. I'm generally using this with my Note 8 and Samsung Dex.
Battery dies after one full length movie on battery power even at minimum brightness. The RAM included is hardly enough to keep excel, word and email going at the same time.
It broke within 30 days. The part connected to my computer fell apart.
This is not at all a remote for smart tv's, it's just a cool wireless keyboard.
Aesthetics wise looks great, very thin screen and base is stylish. What was driving me crazy was when in Excel the ribbons looked blurry, tried to capture the blurriness in the pic, it looks worse in reality. I did all sorts of screen settings, including factory default, but no luck. I was at Best Buy and grabbed a 27in Dell on special, plugged in and checked Excel and it was nice and crisp. Thought it could be the cheap hdmi cable I got for the Acer was causing the issue, but tried the hdmi cable that came with the Dell and still had the issue. Returning the Acer and keeping the Dell.
Doesn't connect well with my pc, windows 10.
Purchased in Jan 2018, the mouse was rock solid until now when the scroll wheel intermittently doubles back on me when scrolling down. Even with a new battery, the scroll is not as smooth as it once was and that's disappointing.
The bottom part fit like a glove. It snapped right into place and left room for the USB-C port. However, the top shell fits really awkwardly. The top shell is not a snug fit, and it has a whole cut out for the apple logo, so you can see where it's not on securely and the cutout is uneven. Also, it came with scratches freshly out of the package. It's cheaply made and doesn't give me a piece of mind with how it fits. It'll have to do, until I find something better.
I purchased this for my daughter for high school. It looked ok and worked fine for a week but then all four corners of the case broke and her computer was cracked. Will never be buying again. was shitty
Although the screen does look beautiful, it came in with some dead pixels that gradually got worse over time.
Seems very flimsy. It doesn't seem like it will protect my toddler's new iPad 6 if she drops it at all!
I order this item twice. Both times the product works great for a few weeks and then it stops working. I am very disappointed. I probably going to order from someone else.
HDMI connection does not work. I was hoping to use this one instead of the more expensive version I bought, but no dice.
it keeps turning me in the middle of matches on siege and it keeps turning off the controller
Great warm and bright light, but they only lasted 1 year.
I am not sure if this was a good purchase or not. Thankfully I don't use my laptop for long periods of time, that being said, I can't get more than 2 hours out of a charge. It is longer than the battery it replaced which required being plugged in constantly to function. It was much cheaper than an original, but the original would have given me 6 hours, assuming it is the same as the one it came with many moons ago. It was a bit snug to install, but it fit. It also argued with charging at first, needing babysat while charging to ensure it was being accepted or something. Very often it would say the battery is not compatible, but would do that off and on while charging. I do not remember if I had to do anything unusual to make it charge all the way, but I eventually made it work. So...FYI.
Well I waited to give this review unfortunately it's a bad one. Keyboard worked great for 5 months then just stopped working completely. Hopefully this thing has a warranty.
Defective. The pin page doesn't come up. Called Amazon tech support who walked me through the troubleshooting process like it was my first time looking at a computer. Was really unhelpful and I'm not even sure he was listening. Then, I was referred to ASUS technical support only to connect with another equally inept male technician who insulted me further, and so I'm returning the product after hours online, troubleshooting and dealing with horrible tech reps from amazon and asus. It's a defective pc, the one I received.
If I had to sum up my experience in one sentence, it's that this mouse requires a lot more work than other mouse. Tracking is not as precise as others, I had to slow down my movements to make sure I'm actually clicking the places that I want to click, and it's a LOT of work. I really like the design and the concept, but it sucks as a mouse. Great novelty product, terrible mouse.
It didn't fit my HP laptop
Had been working ok for a bit more than a year then just stopped working
Was not to pleased to find out this product is not actually a rapid charger. Was expecting a lightning charger. It is a plain charger. Not a lightning or rapid charger as I expected. Just a plain wall adapter
I ordered this with the hope of being able to connect my surface pro to a tv, which I was able to achieve for a short period of time. After a few months of use I started having a flashing black bar on the left side of my screen that was only present when I had the cable plugged in. I am sad to say that despite the great price, if you are hoping to use the cable multiple times, it is worth it to spend a little more on a nicer cable.
Worked great, besides that 2 SD cards became corrupt after using it.
This is the 4th time I've bought this mouse. The 2 times I got it at Best Buy it's been great. The 2 times I got it through Amazon it's been poor. Are these vendors selling cast offs?
After having this case for only a few weeks, the corners started to crack. I am not hard on my laptop, so I am unsure how or why they cracked. They were so bad that the case would not stay on by itself anymore. Very disappointing.
Broke first time I used it. Never even got my ipad backed up on it.
My sim card did not fit in this
The title says it all. I went for this mouse and keyboard to replace an old failing unit. I passed by many much lower priced options and stepped up to this somewhat expensive offering. I did so because I placed value and trust in the Logitech name over the unknown brands of the lower priced units. Both units have a quality feel. They work well and were easy to setup. I've given this a low rating and am dissapointed because the keyboard is noisey. It rings like a bell when you type. It's very annoying and not what I would expect out of a quality product. The noise is given off by all fo the keys rattling. It's worse when you use the rear stands to elevate the back of the keyboard. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to tolerate this....
Cables worked fine for several months and then all of a sudden stopped charging my devices! Avoid buying this item!
Too big. Broke within months of use.
I have a 2500 sq ft home and this router could not provide full coverage to my home. I even purchased the NetGear WiFi extender to see if I could extend my coverage. My router was located upstairs, and the extender was downstairs. The extender could barely connect to my router. I had to move the extender closer to the middle of my downstairs living room in order for it to connect to the router. The whole package for the router and extender was over $500. For $500, you would think these two devices would create a nice mess network. Definitely not worth the price! I ended up giving them to my son who has a 1400 sq ft home and it worked fine for him. Ended up reconnecting my ASUS RT-AC88U and ASUS RT-AC68U routers which create a nice messed network and provides full coverage where I can run multiple HD cameras over WiFi with no problem.
Not sure how I feel about this computer just yet. The key board that came with the package was only half functional. Literally only half the key board would type and the monitor has lines going up and down it. Haven't decided if I am going to return it yet or not. I had an extra monitor and key board so I wasn't too upset but I haven't spent enough time on the computer to see if it's worth keeping. I will write another review when I do.
i sit 2 feet away from this fan and i feel nothing. I threw both away
This product is falling apart after 2 months of use. Not happy with at all.
Very pretty but the tablet didn't work when this cover was on. We looked for any obvious issues but there was absolutely no reason why the Samsung tablet wasn't working inside this cover.
This is an amazing product..... When it works. Going through countless updates for drivers and re-installations the wireless card has been working well for about three weeks until it started to stop working as well. Dropping connection and refusal to connect to specific WiFi's or just flat out not working, this seems to be one of the worst gadgets to deal with. Looking at the support only gives directions to reinstall drivers and/or remove and reinstall. Look into another product instead of buying this $100+ Tech toy
Two of the cables gave out after a couple of months. Like the length and thickness of cable.
Bad quality since when microphone is connected it has a noise. Other than that it is good.
So this product seemed amazing until recently. Randomly some of my keys have stopped working intermittently. It's only been about 6 months and it's already needing replacement. Sad
The cover will not stay on, this leaving the chip exposed. It's super cute, but basically worthless.
The old version of this cover was fantastic - it lasted several years. This one is less than a month old and the corners are already breaking off. Not nearly as durable as the old one. Would not recommend at all
I purchased this tablet so I would have something easy and portable to bring to school to do homework on. It works for that purpose, but honestly I would not use it for much else. It's very slow, especially if you have more than one application open. The screen resolution hurt my eyes for the longest time, but I usually just write documents so it's not too bad for that purpose. The battery life is not long at all. The box says not to use while charging. I thought it was because of overheating, but it does not get hot at all. The tablet uses battery faster than it can charge, so that may be why. It takes at least 4 hours to fully charge. The thing that infuriates me the most, is the right shift key. It's different than the photos advertised, and is on the other side of the up arrow. I have small fingers so it's very hard to reach that key. On the plus side, it comes with a charger, but also can charge with a micro usb. It detaches easily from the keyboard, but stays on without problem if I need it to. Seems durable, but plastic screen has detached slightly already. Overall, next time I would definitely spend a little extra for a tablet I would actually enjoy.
Had a cable fail after a few months of light use. If you are looking at one of these for the Oculus Rift I would instead get the USB 2.0 version instead.
Description seemed to indicate you could back up pictures in the field using USB card reader but this seems to only be a way to extend the size of the drive. This is no-way as useful and why would I need to extend the size of a 2 TB drive in this manner?
I read a lot of reviews and so many were good ones that's why I bought it,but runs very slow and the battery finish right away!
Great monitor other than what the pic is showing. Considering returning it as I've only had it a couple weeks. Curve isn't as cool as I thought it would be either.
This product comes much too large to use on a laptop. My computer is 15.6” and it towers over the mouse area.
Bought two. Both worked for about two weeks until one of them died. I guess it's a matter of time before the other one dies..
Pretty terrible. It skips and doesn't work most time.
I bought this for use with my MacBook Pro, and I'm disappointed. At first glance, the hub lives up to all of its claims, but when I use it as a cabled ethernet adapter and power relay, it overheats after a couple of hours, and at that point it effectively disconnects the power from the MacBook, but continues to *draw* power from the battery. So if that happens overnight, the battery is dead by morning. So overall, good for short-term use (up to a couple hours), but not for all-day use.
They don't last if you have to remove them off and on to take photos, but if you don't then they should hold great.
Had to return it, It stopped working after a week
Bought this in December and it broke when I opened it today. Just 8 months later.
Great 3-1 charging cable. Unfortunately mines stopped working after a few months of use. You would think it would hold up to a year.
Never buy an open source refurb
When I first got this it was great. Much better then the tiny S-Pen that comes with the Note 8. Unfortunately for the last 2 weeks it has pen on and off working. Now the internal parts are falling out. It's become almost useless. I'm going to have to order the S-pen that comes with the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3.
Top heavy. I returned it.
The product was no where near what I was expecting. First of all it was used not new. That back plastic side had a bunch of lint and small dirt spots in. You can see shades of brown in the front cover. Moreover the leather smelled like BO.
The headphones themselves are fine. Comfortable on my big head and pretty good audio quality for the price. On the other hand, the microphone broke less than 3 months after I got it, only 'hearing' at less than 1 tenth of the original volume now. Headphones work fine, and the mic still picks up something, so it has to be the mic as well. It never leaves my computer desk, so it just broke down after 3 months of heavier use.
I sent my PC in for repair the HDMI port was bad and there was a bad CPU fan. When I got the unit back the hard drive was out of its slot disconnected. The DVD drive was disconnected and the cable for it was sitting in a fan preventing it from working. The company Smart guard sent this to was Professional Satellite Repair. Very poor quality control. When I fixed the problems they created the computer worked fine.
Lasted about 7 months. Worked ok until then... sometimes it did delay.
I've used this unit for commercial trucking daily for a few months. Sound quality is excellent. All day-comfort is excellent. Volume tends to be a bit low for my environment but is still functional. My major beef is the poor physical construction. In particular, the swivel joint where the headband meets the earcup. It's of very poor quality. You have a tabbed metal post swiveling in a plastic bushing. After a short time of (what I consider normal use) being taken on and off, and taken in and out of bags, that joint broke - rendering my headphone useless. This headset is great for "light" use and delicate handling. If you're man-handling it in a commercial truck, it won't last.
Just got this in and found that the hinges that hold the adjustable bar was welded WAY off center. The weld looks like a human repair, so I'm a bit frustrated that it passed inspection. Plus all four corners don't touch the table. It reflects on Amazon Basics because I purchased it trusting quality. Now I have to go thru the return process.
The price is good but I found that the quality was not as good as hoped. After 10 months I have had several cables go bad. There is supposed to be an 18 month warranty but there is no information on how to claim the warranty.
Smaller than advertised and the little net part holds nothing when the RAV is in it.
I don't write reviews very often. In fact, I never do. But I'm extremely disappointed. After three months of use, and $75 later, this USB-C hub no longer works. The light indicator stopped working and now nothing is registering. No USB devices are loading, no ports work, absolute waste. Extremely disappointed. Don't be like me - look elsewhere for your USB-C needs. Now to search amazon for a new one...
Update Purchased this item on September 21, 2018. Today is, April 5, 2019 It don't work no more. Used it mostly at night to search the web and change a movie on my PC. Truly did not get used that much. 5 to 10 minuets most but not all nights. and now it don't work. Purchased this item on September 21, 2018. Its small but it does a lot. I thoroughly enjoy the way I can switch from computer to computer or other devices. In the kids room we have movies on the laptop computer with large screen monitor so the grandkids can watch old cartoon & movies but we had to block access to the computer so the grandkids couldn't touch the keyboard. It worked but we found it difficult to touch the laptop ourselves. I programed the iClever Folding Keyboard to work with my main computer and then to my laptop computer. Switching over to second device on the iClever Folding Keyboard we were able to switch from the laptop computer to the main computer by touching just two buttons. Now we can type from across the room on either computer.
Pros: Feels very good, it is light weight, and looks very good. Cons: mouse buttons for me are to much in the middle of the mouse, probably preference. Also, it may be light but the gliders they have at the bottom aren't smooth unless you get a razer mousepad. Not a fan of that. Bought some gliders but now the mouse doesn't read the mousepad.
Only 2 complaints I have are the fact that the wire connect constantly falls off even when you screw it in & the bumpers feel cheap. Other than that I haven't used the controller to it's full capability with button mapping and such for the rear pro buttons but my real gripe is how much is disconnects itself even after being tightened on constantly.
I like the length of the cord, however I am having an issue with charging. The end you plug into your phone is not connecting well with my phone. It is not my phone as I have another charger in a different room and no issues there. Not a happy camper.
At first it was great but after 4 months the lights went out and it will randomly press the back button if I click a lot in succession which becomes very annoying.
I got this for my laptop and it didn't last even a full day of use.
packet drop rate is high when connecting WIFI from downstairs...
It was just 6 months ago when i purchased this item and rubber has started to peel off and also plastic has cracked under the charger cover. Bad quality and i would recommend to stay away if you want a cover to last longer than 6 months.
minimal use over the last 4 months and it is no longer working. disappointing.
Did not want to spend the money for the MS keyboard. This works only on Bluetooth and needs to be charged. It does have a cord that connects to the USB. But then it takes that space. So needed to order a USB hub. Not long after buying it the keys popped off and they were lost on a couple of the keys. Now it does not hold a charge and does not make a connection.
This product was nice and relatively easy to install. It works with free software. The pen tablet runs out of charge fairly quickly. I liked the product for two weeks, but then it stopped communicating with the computer and became a brick. I tried reinstalling everything, but nothing worked. I had to return it to Amazon for a refund.
Really annoying how it constantly goes into sleep mode requiring a key press and a 3 second wait before it connects again.
Top case does not secure to MacBook properly at the hinge location. Top cover will come off at times after 30 days.
Garbage, mic barley worked. Constantly being told my voice was to low in games. No amount of tweaking with sound settings could fix it. Cheap mic but decent material and construction. In the end you get what you pay for.
monitor is fine....but our current double stand would not match up was forced to buy another stand
Does not work for me.
Couldn't get it to work!!!!
I really wanted to like this case. It has cute designs and it seemed like it would have protected my laptop well. But, it just smelled so bad. I aired it out, sprayed it with Febreze/perfume, you name it. After all of my attempts to get rid of the smell, it never went away so I ended up returning it.
I bought this because I am in need of a bluetooth that is loud enough to hear over my loud truck. I am very dissatisfied with this as even at its highest volume, it still is not loud enough. It is very comfortable though. But not good for my type of work as a truck driver
Cracked first week on my four year old iPad
The computer is great except the screen is very sensitive around the edges as if it was made very cheaply and the keyboard does not work. After a period of using it certain keys on the keyboard simply stop working making it impossible to use the entire thing at all. I wish I could replace it somehow
They look great but you can't get them onto the cable. I managed to get 2 on with a lot of work. Will most likely return.
This little magnetic connector is well-made and easy to use. The only issue is that the magnet is not nearly strong enough in most instances. Even just sitting on my lap, the weight on the Apple-supplied USB-C cable is enough to pull the connection loose. This never happened using Apple's real MagSafe connectors. If you use your computer on a table all the time, it's fine, but if you work on your lap (it's a laptop, after all), keep looking.
Item ripped me off 50 dollars. it was 50 dollar shipping to get it 3 days ago. Wow, don't trust amazon shipping on christmas.
One out of two worked, didn't hassle with trying to return one.
Not sure if it's just me but this laptop gives me hell. I nicknamed it Satan for the red backlit keyboard and didn't realize how accurate that nickname would be. Obviously it's faster and better than my other very outdated slow-as-molasses laptop, but in some ways the functions became worse. I can't even run some of the programs I used to, which is absolutely infuriating, because the firewall (I assume) is so aggressive even after I've turned it off. Not sure I can really blame the laptop model for that problem. But I can, (probably), blame it for constantly shutting off my wifi without warning and sometimes taking minutes to toggle on/off before it will fix itself. I can't get an explanation why it randomly decides to do this to me. Maybe just a windows 10 thing. But the worst problem which is distinctly a flaw of this laptop is when the entire thing crashes. It's only happened a couple times but when it happens it's Game Over. The keyboard stops responding, the screen freezes up, it makes a horrible screeching noise, and the power button does NOT work to turn off the computer. I'm not kidding, you can't turn the thing off whatsoever. It might be more bad luck or a deliberate design of the laptop, I'm not sure, but I can't even unscrew the back to try to remove the battery. The screw just turns and turns and turns and will never come out. Each time the laptop has crashed, I'm stuck with a frozen, endlessly screaming laptop and my only option is to stick it in another room where I can't hear it and wait for the battery to die. I'm just grateful I didn't have time-sensitive work to accomplish when the crashes happened, because it's already insanely frustrating. Fortunately, both times the laptop booted back up again just fine afterwards, and I can't be hassled to send it back. The funny thing is, I saw one review mentioning this problem and figured the odds were it wouldn't happen to me. Yeah. Don't be like me. Keep looking for something better, check the reviews, and spare yourself a lot of headache.
The router is just OK. There are many with the same features. What I miss most is ease of use parental controls. Yes, I can VLAN off my kids from the rest of the network and set up connection schedules but what normal user knows how to do that? Get your stuff together Netgear.
I couldn't get this to work well or consistently with bluetooth speakers or my computer. Requires a CD to install - not plug and play.
I liked this case when I first got it but about a year later it has began to fall apart. Pieces have chipped off leaving sharp edges and exposed areas. I will be ordering something different to replace it.
I thought this keyboard was awesome for the first 6 months. Then the keyboard started to go haywire. The cursor skips around on the screen, the keyboard types from right to left - it's unusable! Looked on internet for solutions but no luck.
Way too bright and too hot
The signal-to-noise ratio of this mic makes it unsuitable for professional voiceover work. I used this mic in Audacity on a MacBook Pro in an acoustically treated space, but I got a low, thin signal with a lot of buzzing line noise. The mic looks cool on the desk, but I don't recommend it for professional use.
The keyboard works just fine, however the mouse was completely inoperable when it was received. The right click was non-functional with no way to fix it.
It arrived quickly. The fans are decently quiet. So, why the 2 stars? The fans are not very powerful, especially for having 4 of them. The "sticker" for power, higher and lower and the display was already peeling off when I took it out of the box. The USB cord is VERY short so, you cannot really plug it into AC instead of your laptop. I would not recommend this to anyone and will not purchase again.
Missing the nano plug in the back. Not packaged well.
I am having trouble with the sound. I can barely hear from the child's bedroom and when I speak back to child, my voice echoes. Video quality is great
Ive had it a few weeks now and it worked great untill it went out randomly just spend the money and get a good one
I order this mouse and one week after I got it , it refused to activate. The power switch felt loose and unreliable after a single week.
The cables seem to be of good quality out of the package, after 2 weeks they have stopped working on our iPads. ThT was the main reason we bought the longer cables. Now we will have to try a different brand.
I have not had this product that long and it stopped working. Replaced batteries with new ones and still don't work.
Worth every penny. Looks professional. Carries my 15 inch work lap top and mine is a heavy monster. The construction is sturdy and elegant. I got many complements on it. It carries my files, lap top, full wallet, meds bag, make up bag, brush, body spray, pens, lipsticks, compact mirror. Plus the charger, and mouse. It stands nicely and the strap is super confortable. Update; After 3 month of light use the zipper split,so sad to have to throw this much money on the garbage. 2 stars now.
This was very cheaply made for the price paid. I ended up sending it back.
Bought this as a back up charger for my work computer and it's already broken and the connection is terrible. I have to constantly fidget with the connection ports to get a charge.
I was copying a couple hundred Megabytes and the enclosed Crucial SSD overheated, causing a file to fail, and the transfer to freeze. The problem is that this unit has NO THERMAL PATH to cool the SSD. This was alleviated by removing the case and using the SilverStone circuit board with my SSD, allowing much better air cooling of the SSD
Started to fray, and had to patch with electrical tape. Will not purchase again. Needs to be manufactured better. Maybe by now it has been improved because I purchased this 4 years ago. Started to fray in about 3rd year.
This works but there an absolute lag. Not ideal.
Bought a new fan for a new build, which was sold by Noctua Cooling Solutions and fulfilled by Amazon LLC, received a used one instead with missing some of the mounting hardware and scuff marks and someone else's hair from previous installation. When in operation, It was vibrating more than I can accept for a $30 fan. Now I have to waste my time returning the product back to Amazon and look for a new one. Unacceptable service for a premium price, just great!
Does not last near long enough.
I liked this mouse until it died. I adopted it about 8 months ago, handled it very minimally, and fed it the standard diet of fresh AA batteries. I would recommend going with a stronger bloodline in choosing a mouse, as I will be doing now.
It works well enough but it doesnt wow me. The instructions are a nightmare and even though the packaging was nice mine came without the tip remover i only got an empty pen holder.
Doesnt stay connected with g hub only down fall
Fell apart within a week. Clamp and rod came apart. Had to hose clamp and gorilla glue it back together.
It does the job, but it arrived scratched and there is a yellow tint to it, which I do not like. I would not have ordered it had I known that.
It says that I'll be able to hear myself through the headset, but I have yet to experience that...
The DVDs play well, i didn't have to install anything and it worked right away. However, the eject button is a PAIN. it takes forever to get a dvd back out. I am not sure if this is the case for everyone, but with mine it is extremely difficult to eject the DVDs.
The speakers are pretty nice, but they have a standby mode that can't be overridden. They turn off after about 20 minutes and require you to wave your hand in front of them to turn them back on.
This feels great on the controller but I have a couple of issues with it. First and foremost, you can't get the batteries out of the controller without peeling this thing over the front of the controller. I have to change batteries every day and this is a serious pain. Second... The area around the A,B,X,Y buttons are now not standing out as far to push them in with this controller cover on. If I had seen the other products out there first, I wouldn't have ordered this one. Some of the other ones have a cut-out where the face buttons are so that you can feel them like normal. This thing goes right up to those buttons so your thumb can't feel them as well.
Only had it a month and it quit!
Parts are not cheap, but functionality is very poor. It simply doesn't doo enough. Doesn't raise laptop high enough or feel secure when it is holding it. Returned it, despite its flexibility.
Cooler worked great but after 3 weeks it now doesn't work at all....
The concept of having a small case for the charger is good, but I just did not like the material. Feels too cheap, but it fit perfectly but that's pretty much it. Youd be better off spending a few more bucks on a case of higher quality.
Good overall performance, but abysmal build quality.
Did not worked for me
I really enjoy the design and sleekness of this case. However, the bottom part of the case does not stay on well at all. I exchanged this product once already and both times had the same results. Good case for value and aesthetic.
The quality of the caps are really cheap and feel like cheap plastic. I would suggest paying a bit more to get something better for the comfort and feel.
The "o" and "i" button stick. It has NO USB connections even though it is wired. It does perform but not great.
My great grandson got this for Christmas and before it could be activated the screen shattered. I thought it should have held up better than that. I understand that 5 year olds can occasionally be tough and drop things but it does not hold like the amazon fire tablet. So if you are looking for something to last I would not go with this. Unfortunately most warranties do not cover breaks unless it is received that way.
The product appears to be good quality but my WiFi signal was worse with these antennas than the original ones that came with the router
depending on the phone and/or Apple tablet - language appearing is in Chinese !
Purchased for my collegiate daughter for school at Christmas, returned it due to malfunctioning keyboard a month or so later. Had no problems returning it. This i the replacement I received., so its only about 6 months old Seems to be well built although rubber feet came loose within 3 weeks. Works great at first but then keyboard starts adding extra keystrokes and, finally, half the keyboard went dead. The black external finish has also begun to peel off. This is the second one of these we've tried. Too bad as the overall design and build were good especially the hinge. But, I can't keep replacing it every few months.
This case does not snap closed with a glass screen protector. Given the fact that glass screen protectors are so widely used, I feel like this is something that should be mentioned in the description. Other than that it's of average quality, and it's worth mentioning that the stand is very difficult to open from the case.
I bought these to use with my android phone. I kept asking my friend if she had me on speaker phone because I could only hear every other word. I had to keep unplugging and replugging it in to clear the malfunction.
I had this Mac for 3 moths and since I got it the computer turns off automatic. I should get a brand new one other than a refurbish.
Worked great with my son's blu phone but would not work with my HTC phone. Extremely disappointed in this purchase and product.
For my IPAD Mini two thi vs are bugging me.. The strap must be used or it opens and turns on. I dont like that. I wa t to be able to just close it and lay it down when I'm done. Second, the rotation devise moves too freely. I would prefer a more snug rotation device. Plus. In the portrait position it tends to tip over too easily. To correct that I have to use the lower slot. Not big issues, but they bug me. I'll keep it, but not 100% happy.
I'm a small person, and this keyboard is still way too cramped to be ergonomic. I only use it on the odd days that I work from home and need to create a makeshift workspace.
Sucks half the time. If I put it on sleep mode, when i am ready to use the computer again, within the same hour at minimum, the monitor doesn't turn back on and I have to manually force it to shut off. The computer moves really slow sometimes. Otherwise it's good when it isn't glitchy. I didn't go through the hassle of replacing. But I should have gotten an HP probably.
It was easy to install and set up. Manual settings sometimes wouldn't work correctly. After 6 months it turned into a 4 fan controller and would no longer power all 5. The controller would also wake the computer randomly and start sounding an alarm for no reason. At 12 months the entire unit died. Maybe it's just a faulty unit but there are enough negative comments to suggest this is a poor quality product. I'm replacing it with another since I already have all the wires and temperature cables ran, but if it does the same it'll be the last unit I ever use. As others stated, it has no internal memory so doesn't appear to save any type of meaningful data when power is recycled.
This device works some of the times. It connects pretty much right away, however the signal drops every 5 minutes or so. I have two of them (his/hers) and they both drop the signal, meaning if you're riding in a pack, and your power output suddenly drops to 0, guess what> You get dropped! The dongle/PC is about two feet away from the smart trainer, so distance should not be an issue.
USB worked at low speeds, HDMI did not work. Tested on the 2017 Macbook. I returned the product.
The case was great and I loved it and worked really well for me! I had it for 9.5 months before it started cracking when I would open it to use the keyboard. At which point I emailed the company to let them know the case was cracking and I hadn't even owned it for a full year. Though the company did reply to me, they didn't bother to clarify which case I was using but sent me a coupon code for a completely different case. A couple weeks later (month 10) the case completely broke in half, I emailed the company again explaining what happened and included the model and specific case. No reply. It was a great case and still even worked while being broken into two pieces. But the customer service absolutely sucks.
I have a Mac Book air 13 inch, I ordered the 13 inch cover and it did not fit on my Air. It was way too big. Im going to need to return this. The packaging it came in also said it was for Macbook Air 13 inch so I don't know why it doesn't fit.
Looks great the first month or so. I found that it was difficult to clean, and fingerprints were still visible despite several cleaning attempts.
Does the job, but hangs out of the port awkwardly, which caused it to break due to stress point. It worked in a bind, but I honestly cannot recomend.
I use this headphone when I walk. It's bulky, heavy and hot. Not happy with it.
This bag came with a surprise 6-inch large hole in the upper-right corner. I noticed within the first two weeks of owning this product, while I was traveling for work. I think the seems just simply were not sewn right. Is there any factory that cares about quality anymore? Were the workers being pushed beyond their limits? Does every company chase profit without regard for pride in what they are making? This bag was a let down. This is the future.
Did a fair job, but little slow for heavier games like Sims 4. Failed at 2.5 years. Still under warranty, but based on performance, won't even try for a replacement.
I loved using it, probably the best competitive mouse out there, Zowie knows performance better than almost anyone. However, after having mine for about a year and a half, it broke. I don't abuse my equipment, my previous mouse lasted about 5 years before m1 broke from too many clicks. It was working fine, then I plugged it into my laptop, which it worked fine on my laptop, but when I plugged it back into my tower the sensor just went haywire and then stopped working completely. This is unacceptable for a mouse as expensive as this to only last 15 months, I am very dissatisfied.
The product's marketing was misleading, as well as being overpriced.
It only worked twice. It no longer streams or mirrors. Not sure why this would happen. It also soes not charge my iPad when using it.
I just got these and they sound great and are super comfortable but every couple minutes the sound cuts out like it's losing connection, I've tried messing with the wires but nothing I've done has fixed the issue. I'm hoping the manufacture will contact me but if not I'll just have to return them and get a different brand.
Would have been nice if there was a cut out for the camera. I do not recommend cutting an area for the camera because it can make it look weird on your computer.
They didn't really stay in...
Returned because it only powered laptop for 1/2 hour.
I had a old Sony camera with memory sticks. Doesn't work
To be honest, my before and after has not changed a single decibel. I've used a wi-fi sniffer. I don't know if it's my router (Verizon FIOS) or my walls. So I want to be careful telling people this device doesn't work, but it does nothing for me. If I determine what the issue is, I will gladly update this review, but after two weeks I just have an empty wallet and a larger antenna - but no better signal.
Good setup mouse broke after 3 months keyboard probably won't be far behind
The case is very protective; however, the case limits functionality. I really like the strength of the case, but there is not a jump drive connection.
One of the drives failed within the year. Tried to contact seller through Amazon with no response.
What was on my stick did not work. Amazon contacted the seller while I was on the phone. Suddenly another file was added to it through my WiFi and computer. Even then it did not work on my Mac. Spent the whole next day having my techs search for malicious software. Very scary and definitely not worth the cheaper price.
It makes a lot of noise. To become a travel keyboard, it is not like they claimed online.
I ordered this product because i lost my original surface pro 4 charger. When this product was delivered, I was very happy because it was working as in tented but it did not last for long. This charger stooped working after 50 days from its delivery. it stopped working at a time when I was middle of working on a very important project. I was completely stuck because of this crappy product. I am not a very rough user. I mostly use and charge my surface on my study table. I am really disappointed with my investment on this product. I wanted it to last at least 6-12 months.
Audio stop working after two months. Also had to factor resets it two time after going blank.
Not the best quality. Some arrived broken.
The power supply does not provide 65W as advertise. My laptop keep pop up complain that the power supply does not have enough wattage as require.
I was shocked by how loud this mouse is. It's super loud when clicking, as well as the wheel. I have found the loudness very distracting, especially since I haven't noticed with any of my old mice.
I know it was used but it was pretty rough.
Cheap material. Does not work for OnePlus 5T
Kick stand is too hard to open.
It did it's job fine until it dropped from 6 inches and lost all data
Bought it to use with my Toshiba chromebook but it will not work. Works fine with my windows desktop. Revision to this review, got one of the two mice to work with the chromebook but the other one will not work with chromebook or my windows desktop pc. So the problem is not compatibility with chromebook but a defective unit, either a bad usb receiver or mouse itself.
The microphone didn't pickup sound. I tried it on three computers, but the headphones work ok.I'll use it as headphones.It's not worth it return them.The return shipping cost as much as they cost, so I'll keep them.
2/5 stars for this one Pros: most of the ports seem to work (only tested HDMI and VGA) Cons: while testing the USB ports, I inserted the receiver for my wireless mouse. The ports must not be shaped properly, as the receiver got stuck. I had to forcibly remove it to get it out of the slot and broke the receiver. Now I have to replace the receiver that ultimately costs as much as the wireless mouse in the first place. Very disappointed but will keep since I needed an adapter with HDMI, VGA, and Ethernet.
Monitor screen is cracked in the corner.
I loved the color and how the case protected my tablet. I didnt like the tablet keys rubs against my tablet screen leaving marks and the bluetooth keyboard doesnt connect and only stays on when its charging.
Looks cool and sleek! For 15 minutes until you touch it and realize the matte coating is a fingerprint magnet. I'd rather go caseless
Unfortunately the cable did not work with my Apple TV 4th gen, it is sitting there just blinking at me. I gave it 2 stars since I'm guessing its an OK-cable, it just did not solve the problem it advertised it could do. So extremely frustrating. I'm stuck, gone through about 3 or 4 USB-C cables now and I have never see the Apple TV appear in iTunes to be able to reset it, tried holding down the remote keys as well. Guess it'll make a snazzy paperweight. If anyone can offer a solution that works, I'll buy you a coffee :-)
This keyboard works well, but does not compare to the official Microsoft keyboard.
Burned out after less than 3 days of use.
This mouse made my carpal tunnel syndrome so much worse! Literally pushed me that much closer to needing surgery. Awful hand/wrist positioning for this particular issue
I purchased two and both worked great for 6 months then one stopped responding. Support seemed reliable and supposedly shipped me a replacement. I've have yet to receive it. I ended up getting a different brand. First time shame on you second time shame on me.
I bought one as a gift this past Christmas and it no longer works. Waiting for a response on any warranty information.
I ordered and recieved this charger in January. Three months later, this thing is dangerous and useless. It worked great in the beginning but the cord has come out of the box part and is sparking. I paid a lot for this and expected more than three months of use.
Item is what I was looking for in a Dj Bag, but I swore I purchased it brand new. It had loose items in it from a previous owner.... even if they did repackage and put new tags on them they didn't search it right. What if the previous owner had Bed Bugs or something .... then I would be in a world of trouble!!! Other than that it's a good bag just wish I would have gotten a discount for it being used....
Within 6 months a key from the keyboard popped up and was lost and the hinge broke even though I only used the hinge to open & close. Also, the material that covers the outside of the case easily shows fingerprints and there is no way to clean it.
Love the design but not the fold back and tuck feature. It never stays put! I bought this to replace my old Fintie case which I loved, but I didn't read the description carefully enough, as this one doesn't rotate or have the elastic strip to close securely - two features I loved, but that's my fault for buying impulsively. I will use this case until I can find a good replacement...this one is mainly just pretty.
DO NOT buy this laptop if you plan to use the card reader. It does not work and it is not covered under warranty. Otherwise it is a nice little laptop, but I use a card reader every day and this one does not work, so I will need to purchase a USB card reader to use. I am disappointed. I have not tried the DVD drive -- I hope it works!
Mini display port does not work, as others have stated. All other functions are normal. but the Mini display port is the primary reason I purchased the adapter.
It is rather flimsy and does not have a kick stand.
I bought this back in July for both daughters iPads. One just recently scratched/cracked. I was surprised to see that it had. How does the lifetime warranty work? Refund?
Be careful. When you do a search for electrical conductive glue, this product comes up first. It is not a glue. And, I believe it insulates + does not conduct electricity
It's not large enough to view anything
The specs for this say it all. The only thing that made it a deal breaker for me was very poor WiFi performance. I may have had a defective unit, I don't know because that is why I returned it. Other than that it worked as advertised.
this controller seemed great at first, but the third time using it while playing mario kart, it kept tilting to the left. it automatically would shift to the left as I'm playing, not sure why. The joystick on this controller seems pretty weak. overall, I got it thru a lightning deal so it was okay, but wouldn't purchase this at the regular price.
I'm returning this item soon because I got to try my friend's MOKO brand case, which is much better because it has a place for my apple adapter, it closes with a magnet, and is so much more sophisticated, not to mention the MOKO brand is 10 dollars cheaper. This product gets the job done, but it's almost gross to look at.
Not great, so-so. Adhesive failed after a few days despite me being somewhat an expert at applying them (blind cat, so foam-covered child-proof'd house among my other little 'keep-the-rugs-safe-from-clawed-demon' ventures). Eventually I started getting this weird 'refresh' of windows explorer that made me wonder if I'd got a bug on my PC. I noticed my USB stick kept reconnecting and figured I'd unplug the device. Problem solved. Maybe this is a power issue, but the thing often restarts/disconnected ever since I got it. Annoying as if you're working on something like a document, it will switch to 'read only' and you have to go through the whole motions of getting all the windows back up. The adhesive sucks, I'm not sure how you would ever make it stick when the USB itself is not exactly weightless. Disappointed as I usually recommend and purchase this brand for cables and small devices, maybe not so much in future. Guess you really do get what you pay for.
I'll take the blame on this. The sellers post say's for Phones and Tablets. I though bluetooth is bluetooth. Like magic when it works. But PC driver's seem to battle each other eventually.
The plug fits loosely and consistently works its way loose and I lose power. I use it because it is all I have but very disappointed. Why is it so hard to get a plug that fits snugly? Why can't manufacturers make a universal plug for their line?
The Cal Digit TS3 Plus that I received was clearly not a new unit. The packaging had been opened. The protective wrapper on the dock was gone. The optional rubber feet had been removed from the plastic bag and applied to the device and the empty bag was placed back in the box. The cables had obviously been unfurled and refolded in a messy way and stuffed into the box. The owners /. set up manual was completely missing. This is unacceptable for what was supposed to be a new device and it is relatively expensive. Since there was no obvious signs of damage I decided to connect the unit and fortunately it works as advertised. I had placed a return/replacement order which Amazon was promptly executing. Once I had the initial unit up and running I decided to cancel the replacement rather than going through the hassle of repackaging and shipping it. This review is not meant to be a negative comment about the CalDigit TS3 Plus as it works perfectly as advertised by the manufacturer. Open box returned items should be labelled as such and discounted by seller, not sold as new.
Nice looking but would not work with the touch screen. I have to remove it to use my watch. Sending back.
not even had it a year and it connects when it wants to and is hard to keep it connected.
Bag is solid but the zipper is awful. Keeps getting stuck/coming apart
I bought this as a replacement for my apple charger. The pics make it look like you can trade out the outlet part for the long cable but you cannot.
Not very user friendly and did not work as it was designed. I sent the device back and purchased another docking station.
Received less than 5 Mbs when plugged into desktop.
The piece that connects to the iphone broke within weeks trying to wiggle that end to get the sound to go through.
It's a nice enough case & keyboard combo. The keyboard is tiny & hard to type on. I do like that I don't have to charge the keyboard. It plugs right into the tablet.
don't have use for it no more
Console gives better performance
Many of the keys don't work or only work intermittently.
USB to iPhone is not working at data update in iTunes.
This ThinkPad replaces a 2013 Toshiba laptop as my home office computer. I have WiFi in the one story house and my office is at one end of the house. I never had reception issues with the WiFi until cranking up the new computer. The signal goes in and out. Uploads and downloads are interrupted. Got an range extender and that still doesn't solve the problem. Reset my network adapter settings, got a new WiFi modem and still have the problem. I would think WiFi technology would improve over time. I guess I am wrong. Anyone else have this issue?
Not what I expected. It's not worth the amount that I paid for it . But my grandson love so I will keep it.
It seems very sturdy but the holes are in the wrong place even though my iPad mini fits it. It works but the back camera and volume buttons are not accessible.
This item made my ears hurt bad I developed very red sore throbbing ear pain that lasted several days shooting pains in my ears after using this product. The manufacturer sent me a replacement product it's a little better than the previous product as the earphones are a little bigger, but I was looking for a refund, not another headset.
I loved the varied lengths of these but after six weeks the cables are glitchy and sometimes don't charge my phone.
Bought this primarily as a SD card reader with bonus USB spaces. It worked great for about 5 months, and now the SD card reader has suddenly stopped working. For such a simple piece of tech, you'd think it could stand up to a few years of being used correctly.
I use this with my Nvidia shield Android tv. It works well as a secondary remote for when you need a mouse curser
Earphones were ok, but mic volume was very low. No "boost" option was available in Windows 10. Tried two computers & got same result.
Could not get them to work. I am fairly tech savvy but nothing I could do would make the radios talk to each other as a bridge.
After I plugged it in to my USB hub, two external drives unmounted. I unplugged, turned back on worked for a couple days, then drives not there again. I unplugged and have not used again.
Bought 2 of these for home and travel. Don't bother. Included usc c cable doesn't plug into charger correctly so intermittent chatting or no charge at all. I am going to try anker.
The reason these are so quiet is because they barely move any air. They are pretty cheap but got a lot of great reviews. I do NOT understand why.
Very very very slow processing speed. My daughter gets really upset when she has to wait 5 minutes for something to load. My internet at home works perfectly fine for our other devices so I know that's not the issue. I'll be getting her a different tablet soon.
Sound was great for about 6 months but now so scratchy I need to repair or replace. Maybe this is an exception -- hope others don't have same experience.
This battery fits my Lenovo Thinkpad perfectly but after ten cycles, it just doesn't hold a charge. (It never held its charge from the first cycle.) When fully charged the laptop will run 45 to 50 minutes before reaching 7 to 10% of battery life. That's worse than the old battery I was replacing. Now I will have to keep the old battery as a backup. This truly shows that you get what you pay for. I didn't want to pay the full price 70 or so dollars for the manufacturer's battery, so I paid a lot less and got a piece of junk.
Works great sent me wrong one tho wanted one for slim
I loved everything about this backpack in the three months that I've had it. But unfortunately the third month the Zippers stopped closing the bag properly no matter which way I tried to zip it.
Worked fine with hard drives, however.
After 2 months of use it just stopped working.
Bought this motherboard because it has some of the best features on the market at a reasonable price. Giving it two stars because it came with 3 broken pins in the cpu socket and also the whole io Panel was not functional. I straightened out the pins but later realized it was all for nothing cuz the io was broken. I'm getting a new one and I will update you on that. I think this a quality product if you get what you payed for. So yes for buying and a no for durability.
Honestly can't believe that somebody sold me this piece of crap. Shabby condition with a corrupted Safari. Returned. Good riddance.
The cable stared pulling away from the connector in just over a month.
So I take one out and cut it up and put it in the system, imagine my surprise when I reach into the package and pull out the rest of them all 3 of them are covered with scratches all the way down the tubes. I suspect bad packaging so now I'm stuck not being able to finish my system awesome...
Well lasted for about a year and a half of medium use. One day going to turn it on it just would turn on. I tried charging it but and anything else I could think of but alas it would not come on, now the charging light doesn't even come on. I guess at least it lasted as long as it did but still I'd have liked it much more if it didn't die period...
ViewSonic's website claims that the touch works with Android. NO IT DOES NOT, I had to return it. Seems like ViewSonic is one of these companies that like to make everything super-proprietary so standard drivers don't work. Time to open your eyes ViewSonic, it's the era of the open source now, if you don't make things highly compatible soon or late you're gonna be left behind. I ordered their "Smart" version that has an Android built inside, we'll see how it goes but their Android version is very old so I'm afraid it won't be compatible with new apps.
They don't split. Not in the sense that you have 1 port and want to connect 2 devices. For that you need a small unmanaged switch. Not sure what's the point of this product if it doesn't work as a splitter. But who knows, maybe I just don't understand. But calling it a splitter is perhaps a little misleading.
They sent me faulty product, I've looked over every piece of hardware and I'm certain it's the motherboard but I cant refund it now that I've tried to use it
Can't hold a thing. Runs slow slow slow since I bought it I haven't even touched it cause I can't download any apps on it, cause it won't support any new apps on the market. Spend more and get something good.
Not sure why this happened. The screen went black with one sliver of light in the middle. Since there was no way to fix this problem, I had no other choice but to return the item. Amazon sent another one out in 2 days since it was within the first 30 day of purchase. I hope this was just a one time problem.
It doesnt slip at all but the corners of the plastic holding the ipad are brittle & crack, keep superglue on hand if you buy this
Screen is becoming yellow. The laptop is very slow.
Of nine cables ordered, two failed within a day.
I ordered 2 pairs of speakers for both computers. Both sets of speakers had very noticeable feedback regardless of where I plugged them in within the house. Returned as I found the noise very annoying.
The Steam gift card in the box will never be sent to you, don't fall for it.
Feels great for the first few months, but the spacebar will become unresponsive. I'm lucky to hit 50% success rate on spacebar inputs now.
Works with limited connections
Purchased January 2016, now August 2019. Didn't move it much, didn't do drop tests and such, so I know other reviews tested it's ruggedness, but didn't talk about longevity. It lasted 3 years 7 months, then died, with almost everything I have from my older computers. Thank god much of my important / essential stuff is in the cloud. Now it just makes a clicking "ting" sound every time it's connected. I gave it two stars, because I think it deserves more than 1 since it lasted so long, but definitely could have used some warning or something, if you want to avoid loosing everything. If you want assurance, use the cloud, or have 2 hard drives, replicas of each other.
Each of the edges has broken from sitting on my bed all day everyday I guess. iPad does not stay in the case now that it's broken
This protrudes about 1/4 inch from an early 2015 13-inch Macbook pro. I would recommend something else in that situation.
I liked the function this offered, but did not like how shiny it was. It is leather, but the high shine made it look a little too much like vinyl to me.
I've used Fintie products in the past and loved them. They changed the model and I don't love this one. My previous cover had a sort of "sleeve" you put the tablet in to, and that afforded some protection to the edges and the screen itself. Now it's just a clip in space for the table, which my table EASILY popped out of. The new "fold over" stand doesn't quite stay up like the old piece used to. The whole design change has thrown me off.
Didn't like them at all sound was not there bass was not there had to turn all the way up in red to get anything that sounded normal
Did not work for Samsung Galaxy S7, but did work for iPhone SE
I like the look and the price. It comes with a DVD burner, which I wanted, but it processes too slow for YouTube videos to sync picture with sound and takes too long to load pages. It's adequate for some things, but not good for speed.
It comes off easily.
I purchased this mostly to be used for a network adapter and also the added benefit being a standard USB hub. It worked fantastic for about a week but suddenly the network adapter stopped working altogether. I work in IT and am therefore not new to fixing issues. Everything else on the hub still works but since it no longer works for its intended purpose I'm pretty disappointed. UPDATE Seller was very nice about the issue and offered replacement or full refund almost immediately. I chose to get a refund as I already purchased the Apple official USB-C Gig ethernet adapter.
When kept in a bag the cover folds leaving the ipad in wake mode and also prone to scratches. I thought there are supposed to be magnets to hold the flap cover. I need to return this.
The case is great but as far as durability, my toddler ended the iPad two days after switching to this case, prior to this case it was in an OtterBox so I kind of regret switching to this case now, ipads aren't cheap
The power block is one of the worst that I have used. It immediately gets warm and smells like it is burning after a 10 minute use. It also doesn't properly seat the cable being plugged in so it's questionable whether it's charging or not. The only way I can tell is by having a USB charging meter plugged between my device and the block. The cable that came with it works fine in other power blocks but it'll require a 2 amp power block to properly charge (and I wouldn't trust this block without being present while it is in use).
Does not hold up at all. Had to through mine away after about a month. The plug connection for the phone won't even stay in it's holder. I will stick with Swiss back packs.
I have to agree with some of the other reviewers. The mouse works fine for a while, and then suddenly stops obeying commands and you have to keep clicking on it to get it to track. The keyboard also occasionally doesn't type letters and sort of pauses--don't know how else to describe it. Definitely not for touch typists. I bought this this set because I liked the attractive appearance, but sadly, am not keeping.
My son likes and still worked even when the piece was missing.
I like the case plenty of room in it but have had the case for one month and two days. I had to replace two of the fans in it so far, the first one was bad as soon as I put the computer together, the second one started this morning and had to replace it today, not super happy
I bought one of these for my husband and one for my iPad mini. My husband had this case for less than four months when the hard plastic that holds in the iPad broke at one corner. About three weeks later the opposite corner broke and at six months all the corners were broken. 9n the mini case 3 of the corners are cracked but it's still hanging on.
As the headline says, this feels incredibly cheap and the fans are very unimpressive. The airflow is subpar, and the build quality is awful. There is a metal bar at the bottom for the stand that constantly swings around because there is no way to secure it. On top of that, you cannot operate the fan without angling the platform up on the stand, because the power cord gets crushed if you don't open it up. I honestly wanted to return it, but I was out of town so often at the time that it just didn't happen.
They work but the internal rechargeable battery doesn't last long enough to play a game, they also look and feel pretty cheap
If you have a surface Book 2 then this item will cover your power port.
Fit was accurate, but it started to crack on the edges within a matter of weeks. The tabs on the corners put enough stress on the cheap case to crack the corners of the case for the top. I never drop my computer or put any unnecessary stress on it, so for the corners of the case to literally crack off is unacceptable. Want a quality case? i suggest looking elsewhere.
As the title says, i bought the nvme in nov 2018 and now its oct 2019, and this thing just died on me. Was my primary drive, windows only in this year, i have an ssd for my games library so i didn't need to use it for that. but did not last even a year, would not buy it again. Either way it was good while it last.
Bought it October 2017 and no longer work February 2018 lasting only 4 months. I am not one that is quick to give a bad review. I was actually looking to get a refund but its past the return date.
This only works every once in a while and I've tried to get a replacement but the seller won't reply.
Its certainly a stylus and for some of Acer's laptops its the only one that works. Its not the worst stylus I've used but it costs way too much for how little it bring to the table. Cons: Non-replaceable nib. if its toast, its toast. Mine's about done for. Not rechargeable. Poor compatibility - mostly a fault with specifically Acer itself. Pros: When it works, it works pretty alright.
It was a great speaker for a while. Decent should quality (I can't tell the difference so it may have been amazing, but it definitely want bad), waterproof, and super lightweight, which was great for hiking. But after a couple months it completely stopped working, won't turn on or charge. I forgot about it but then I saw it in my orders and figured I'd white a review. The second star is for how good it once was, and for the benefit of the doubt in assuming it was just a fluke
I had this adapter for little over a month and not what the reviewers have said. I have connected my wireless mouth and monitor - both my mouse and monitor are in delayed mode. The monitor scrambles with a little touch or moving the device....i gave it 2 stars cause it is small and sleek,
Did not support hard drives well, and the design was different than originally anticipated. Would not buy again. I have constant fear of ruining the drives because of lack of support.
The grips are good. My only gripe is after taking off the end part for the charger it started to lose its grip. It's getting really loose after a couple times of taking it off.
Breaks very quickly.
I knew I was not going to get a sturdy tripod, but I felt disappointed with the stability and overall performance of this product. I haven't thrown it away, but it is seating in a drawer somewhere.
This cable was delivered promptly. I used it consistently for about a month. After about 5 weeks, it just stopped working. My PC would no longer recognize the USB device that was connected by this cable. After contacting tech support for the device that stopped working, they recommended that I try another cable, as they suspected that my USB cable had failed. They were right. When I connected a different cable, my device worked perfectly again. So, in short... this cable worked great for 1 month, then completely failed. I suspect a failed wire internally, but won't ever know. I guess I got what I paid for in this case.
They worked great for the first month, but now, they hardly ever work. I would not recommend that you consider buying this.
Not the best quality, cheaply made and started to fade within a few weeks of use.
Horrible hinge that broke after mild use. Asus build quality is trash.
I was so happy to get my IPAD. However, I will be returning the IPad today. The software is outdated and the home bottom is broken. I know that it's used but the Home button is KEY component of the IPad. Next time, please mention that in the description.
I needed these for a few of my employees at work to help them with file transfer from these ancient printers. My problem with these things is that they do not always register properly when plugged into our laptops. They never lose data and they are very fast, but their unreliability in actually showing up is a pain.
I've bought 2 of this exact mouse through Amazon 3 times since 2015. The first time they lasted over a year and I was happy with how quiet it was even though I wasn't happy they wore out so fast. The left mouse click stops working on them. The replacements quit working again after about a year so I replaced them again. Now it's only been 3 months since that second replacement and one of THOSE replacements has quit working. Looking for a new quiet mouse brand to buy because this one is junk :(
broke the day after we got it. not worth the money.
only works if you delete all security for your computer....dont do it
Too big for a 13" Macbook Air and the material itself is lacking. Feels more like a craft project than a good product.
Stopped working. Doesn't register on any computer I plug it into. Going into the trash.
It is hit or miss with connecting!
The picture makes it look like the background is navy blue, but it is bright purple. It is still a pretty design, so I am keeping it, but not what I was wanting.
This is an immediate response to receiving my purchase. There is not a stylus holder as described in the details and in a picture. I'm going to give it a few days but I will probably return. I have an Apple Pencil I do not want to lose.
These are only compatible with other netdot products if you plug them in the correct way. If you flip them they won't work. Cables are short and useless. Hopefully soon another seller of these will emerge and Netdot can go away. Incompatible with previous versions.
Has hard time syncing with many devices. When it does it errors out or does nothing.
I love the style of it and how the marble color looks on my MBP but it doesn't line up with the words/symbols on the keyboard itself. Not really a fan of this at all as it makes it looks tacky. FYI, you only notice it when you have the backlight on.
Had it for 6 weeks and the plastic buckle where the shoulder strap adjusts broke. Disappointed. The material of the whole backpack is thin and I don't see it lasting all school year. Update: 2 months later and both strap buckled have broke. Shoulder strap ripping apart.
Would be awesome if most Steam games worked with it, but they typically don't.
The product does not perform well with XFINiTY. Till date i thought the problem was with xfinity connection , however after talking to few experts I have discovered the modem router is not the right fit with xfinity. One of my friend also had same problems with this router modem with xfinity.
It looks good but it feels really cheap and it's very small... Like I'm not a big guy but it doesn't even for me. It's tiny and constrictive
When I bought these and started installing them on my corsair dominator platinum's.. I was hugely disappointed.
So so heavy. Ended up returning.
This charger is rough working, not really detailed. The magnet always does not work well :( It truly charged my macbook but so slow. It charged about 57% after one hour. I have to bring this to my office. Anyway, it is not heavy. Recommend to buy origin one from Apple.
Had to return this item. Was cheap - the zipper came broken.
Seemed like a really cool thing at first but then the 'e', 'd', and 'x' keys stopped working just after the return window and it's incredibly frustrating having to bring up the on-screen keyboard all the time. The mouse still works and battery life is great though. But yeah, if you're looking for a reliable folding keyboard, keep looking.
The edges of the left and right click buttons are very sharp. It would irritate the skin on my fingers after only a few minutes of use. Had to buy a different mouse because of how bad it was. Sharp edges aside, it otherwise operated very well.
Product worked well for about 2 months then stopped working without any warning. Might be a good option who just need a temporary replacement.
Put simply, the phone is horrible. It looks nice, and is just the right size, but that is all I like about the phone. The volume at its highest setting is only just discernible, even for someone with next to perfect hearing. The external speaker is the same as the internal speaker, and only inhibits the ability of the person on the other end to hear me. I was told I sounded like I was "in a very long tunnel". The battery life is of no consequence as a result of the pitiful quality of the speakers.
The end connector is big and the sleeve around the cable already came off at the end, exposing the wires inside. It might be better to go with a Corsair or Thermaltake PCI-E riser.
Bound and determined to get this thing to work ... would not click on with silicone shell .. trimmed silicone after I got the black thing clicked to itself.. charger would not work.. trimmed that part carefully with box cutter... now it works Sigh... love the handle on back and now it works lol
I ordered two of these High Endurance cards to replace the cards in my BlackVue dash cams in each car. The cards that came with the camera were still working fine over a year later, but the cards should be replaced at least once a year and I was behind that. I got the cards, formatted them in the Camera and started using the cars as normal. On any given trip the cameras would reboot 3-4 or more times, potentially missing critical video if I were to have an accident. I finally took out these new cards and put back in the original cards while I look for a better solution. The old cards are working fine. These cards -- both of them, in two different cameras in two different cards randomly rebooted. I give them 2 stars because maybe they'll work for something else, but I wouldn't be putting them in a dash cam or anything else critical.
I had high hopes for this case and keyboard. It's really beautiful. Unfortunately, the keyboard would not charge so I returned it. On the look for a different one!
Sturdy case. Plastic screen cover doesn't fit tightly. When trying to use touch screen, you really have to press down to use.
The magnetic screen does not install via magnetic attachment as advertised. It is not aligned on the screen and does not stay in place during use.. Dissapointing!
UPDATE: Battery died after 12 months. My laptop says it's either 0% or 100%. Does not hold charge anymore. Original review: Product works as it should; however it doesn't fit the way the original does. This battery needs to be pressed and caressed in whereas the original slides in smoothly. This product also doesn't sit completely flush in the laptop.
It does not have any extra protection in case of spills. I paid extra for this for the spill protection but when i dripped like three drops of tea on it it shut down and wont work again. It is also smaller than all my other keywords.
I had to clue it together because it kept falling apart while trying to charge. It also gets very hot while charging.
The case and keyboard is nice but the Bluetooth is finicky. I spent more time getting it to connect than actual usage. Rebooting every time I used it caused too much aggravation so I returned it.
After less than months time no longer can take a charge.
Not what I expected for 59 bucks . Looks like it was re packaged and there were no instructions or paperwork inside. I have a brand new ipad mini and don't want to force into the plastic. not happy
expected a better quality shell, but 20$ so meh....
Went bad after a few years. WHY? This should last a long time!
headset not working. want to replace it but past the return window? I purchase this type headset all the time and have not had this problem. Haven't had it 2 months. Any chance I can get a replacement?
This backpack is sleek looking. Two prominent things 1. Bad quality. Within two weeks, the shoulder strap stitches are open. 2. The pack also doesn't have a big room to put stuff in. All my son put in there was his three ring binder. To add a snack or something else would be pushing it. Once we try to put in a lunch which contains a sandwich and a yogurt. The zipper burst open when try to zip it up. we had to take the couple lunch items out and repair the zipper. the reason it is two stars instead of one being my son really like the look, but it is not practical for the above two reasons.
The laptop is nice, as in the hardware! But the software is garbage! Firstly, windows 10 is bad and then there is a lot of Dell bloatware. The laptop boots up fast and works all good. But after a week, mine got stuck in a boot loop. The Dell support system said, after a bunch of their troubleshooting steps over phone, that I need to re-flash the windows with a flashdrive (they assist you on how to do it) and apparently all my data is going to be lost! Well, I did not have anything important in it as it was brand new, but what if I had?
The overall product is fine, but the fan died after a week of running.
Even after following the application directions, this screen protector doesn't fit properly and is full of bubbles that cannot be removed. Threw it away!
The push button is difficult to tell if it is in the on or off state. the ones with the rocker button/switch or led is easier to tell.
I have the same problem as a lot of other people did. When you write with this ink refill it stops and then starts again sometimes it stops and you have to rub it really hard on the paper to get it to write again the blue ink is actually better to write with in a fine tip point. By that one.
my biggest complaint is how easily these scratch. Since they're matte the lines are extremely noticeable
I like the concept but the description is wrong, this is not made for 2016+ Macbook Pro 15s as it is not a snug fit and the laptop moves around it case. The photo on the packaging shows previous generation of Macbook Pro 15 (which had different dimensions).
The item description said 10m range but it had issues at 6 feet.
Doesn't cover the whole screen or provide good instructions.
I have had this keyboard for about 11 months. I have had several Zagg products and like most this is a durable keyboard and I like the design. The space bar however only works if you press in the middle. I use my right thumb most of the time when adding a space and now if I'm not looking all of my sentences are combined, this is very annoying especially since I am pressed for time when typing and you have to go back and correct multiple words. Disappointing! Beware...
Doesn't fit the controler very well
These were fantastic for a couple days. I live in a 2 story house and the first couple of nights I would be able to walk down stairs into any room and no connection issues. I don't know what happened after but something is interfering with the wireless connection and I can't move 7 feet away without them disconnecting or being interrupted. Yes I understand they are suppose to handle up to 20 meters, but if they cannot handle 7 feet away to my bed from my PC they are worthless. I spoke to Kingston Tech Support and they felt it was interruption from my wireless network router. They told me to power cycle it and to move it to another room to fix the issue. Every device I use is on 5ghz channel, the 2.4 is not being utilized but they still suggested to move it away and I cannot do that. Don't know what happened from the first couple of nights to now, but I really liked these and wanted them to work. If you don't move far from your PC when using them, then they might be perfect for you. PROS: they are comfortable to wear, closed back to isolate from other noises to help you pinpoint opponents, great sound, long battery life, wireless (when they work). CONS: as stated above with the interference. every time you power them on they light up and you have to cycle from turning off the LEDs (should have a memory to keep them off). no xbox connection unless plugged in making them not wireless. a little on the expensive side.
Poor quality fans. Seem to turn slower than stock ender 3 fans. Don't waste your money on what looks like a deal.
This will hold an iPad mini 3 firmly enough. But, the top flap is not fitted perfectly. It hangs over, and the sharp edge irritates whatever part of your body it ends up resting on. I ultimately just re-ordered one that I previously had.
I ordered the longer version of this stylus a few weeks ago. The only difference between the two is this shorter versions has a I guess a rubber head where the long one has a mesh head. The mesh head is far superior to this one. The short one drags across my iPad and try closing a YouTube video with it? Would not buy again or recommend.
The device was simple and easy to use. Nice, sleek design. Initially, the mouse connected well upon computer startups, but eventually no longer connects to my laptop. I've updated all drivers and tried to download it from their website, but it's no longer available. Gifted to another person and device still works. Don't highly recommend, unless you don't mind gifting it after some time.
Did not work returned device
Front pannel holders is dirt cheap plastic open it first time and it broke , case look nice but careful when you open front pannel
When it works it's fine. But the software overhead makes it slow and unresponsive way to much of the time. I have to turn it on and leave it untouched for an hour before working so it can do all its housekeeping and I can get work done.
I loved this external storage unit, but not the storage device is flaky and sometimes will work and sometimes not. Other times it'll disconnect itself during a file transfer making it useless.
The PCI E x16 slot is non-functional. Of course I only found this out after I completely installed all hardware including a water cooler for the CPU. Putting my GTX 1080 in the PCI E x8 slot did work however and I don't have to completely disassemble my system and wait for an RMA. Sacrificing marginal speed increase for my sanity.
Not that good quality I feel the plastic type very harmful for the kids, you can smell kind of nylon
in the description i said worked with Android & Iphone...not true it does not fit into an Android phone. However I had no trouble returning the item or getting a refund on the purchased price.
My iPad is super protected but the keyboard won't hold a charge.
I give it stars because it is a super cute case, bad thing is when the tablet is in the case the screen goes off and isn't usable, at first I thought it may be the tablet which I just bought it for Christmas, but no it is the case so now i'll have to buy a different one.
Fulfilled by Amazon, the package didn't contain the RF extender or the cleaning cloth. I've got a cleaning cloth of my own but a range extender would be nice since Logitech includes one in all its literature. No documentation in the package but Logitech has downloads. Poor job by Amazon in fulfilling this item; I could have bought it direct from Logitech at the same price and been able to contact them about the missing items. Amazon only provides a "return item" option.The keyboard is NOT an exact, fully functioning replacement for a real Mac keyboard; command/tab does not bring up the app banner, command/quit does not quit, and numerous other Mac-centric shortcuts are not supported. I would not have bought this if I had known of its shortcomings and missing items. ps: you may be able to find non-Mac keystroke combos that mimic real Mac keyboard shortcuts if you peck around for a while.Use the dreaded Windows key for command combos. Soooo un-Mac.
First of all, I bought this keyboard so I could program scripts on my Android phone whenever I didn't have access to my PC or laptop. I am a pretty fast typist (170 wpm) and I feel like you really have to strike the keys if you want it to actually register your input 100% of the time. Not what I'm used to with a normal keyboard. Most importantly though, and I am not sure if this is because the unit I received is defective: The right side WILL NOT sit flat on a table. This causes an annoying clicking sound as the bottom right of it is hitting the table every time i strike a key on the right side of the keyboard. This might be okay if I could type lightly, but I cannot because it will not register all my keystrokes.
The audio was of poor quality. Low muffled volume with crackle and static in the head phones. Returned for refund.
Ive only used it for my phone. It works sometimes. I would go with some other brand. Also sometimes it does connect but the internet and apps don't work so you have to turn the WiFi off to use the phone but other times it just wouldn't connect at all
Picture was deceiving bag is really sma
Keeps disconnecting. Speeds go from fast to frozen. Tried several machines.
Worked great until handle broke. The handle connection is a tiny bit of weak plastic and not even designed with enough connective area to glue back together.
First of this looks so amazing but the paint chips so easily.
Sizes are inconsistent. Ordered two 10.5” sleeves and the black one is half an inch larger than the gray one. I thought they sent me a 13.5” black one by mistake but it turns out different colors have slightly different sizes. The quality is great so I'm keeping the gray but returning the black one because there's too much wiggle room for a 10.5” iPad Pro.
So slow!!! Constantly having to reboot.
don't even know if this thing really works. still drop signal, stalls.
The idea is awesome but mine keeps losing power and causing my 27" LED Cinema Display to lose power and power cycle itself; when this happens, I have to log back into my computer and wait for all peripherals to reconnect. Super annoying.
I don't recommend this product other than for a mobile phone front-camera. The product is too small for a PC camera and if placed on another type of devices such as a tablet, or back camera on a mobile phone will easily detach or break apart. And on a PC camera will definitely not fit properly as it is too small.
The mouse doesn't work well on the blue side so I have to turn it over to the back which defeats the purpose of wanting the blue color.
I liked the computer but after 2 years it actually burned up, was disappointed. Components on the mother board burned up and I not only lost the computer but had a repair service charge to tell me it was not able to be repaired. Always used this with a surge protector. Never kept it in direct heat, was carful with it. I was able to get some of my software and files off but lost some of my programs.
does the job and is easy to slide on and off, but poor quality. the first one i used lost the cover slider a few weeks in so i had to take it off, and the second one disappeared the same day i put it on. have not tried a third round yet. not worth it for the money paid.
I got this tablet to use for taking, storing, and organizing notes for my college courses. As a serious note taking device, it severely falls behind. It's really good for light note taking and minor drawing, but there's a lot that it lacks in that realm. For starters, the tablet is a little longer and skinnier than I'd prefer. It's kind of awkward when writing in portrait, and slightly less awkward in landscape, but still weird. The S-Pen feels really nice but also has some drawbacks. The pen's accuracy is greatest in Samsung Notes, which personally, has a long way to go. Squid is the second best app for writing, but other than that, there are no other writing apps that work well with the tablet. The latency in other apps are bad enough to not even bother using the S-Pen. The button on the the S-Pen is ill placed and I accidently press it more than I'd like. I honestly should've returned it but I was past the return date. If you want a tablet to watch movies on and occasionally jot down a few things, this is it. I'll admit the screen is incredible, but as far as what I wanted it for, I honestly regret buying..
It is too small for the 12 in. pad
I was very excited about this case. Looked well made. But after a few weeks of use the zipper broke and will not close properly. Everything else works fine, however the purpose of a case like this is to seal it for safety when not in use. Now we will need something else.
Works good but socket came out after one month of use.
It dont stay charged my baby can only watch for about 45 min befor it need to be charged
Did not work very well as a repeater and looks and is poorly made
Item arrived with a large crack in the glass. Will request a replacement
There are no instructions with it, nothing came up when I plugged into my iPhone. I tried it on my iPad nothing came up .
The mouse stopped working in only a few months. The battery chamber malfunctions which renders it useless. NOT HAPPY AT ALL.
As an air mouse it actually works fairly decently, response is good for what I need so I am happy with that part. I also like the size and feel of the remote. However, the keyboard is not working at all. I don't know if it needs to be activated, but I've poured over the instructions and did not find anything that helped. Half of the reason I got this remote was for the keyboard and if I can't use it, this will most likely end up in a drawer. Can't recommend unfortunately.
Easy to use great value but garbage when it comes to sturdiness it broke after one day when my phone fell. If you don't ever have any accidents your golden but since we're using our phones we're constantly moving it so it's bound to happen.
I had bought another model of this before and left it in a hotel on a trip and ordered this one. First time I used it I found there was a 15 second delay when playing videos so the sound and video did not match up. With presentations, the delay was about 5-10 seconds. I returned this item and will get an upgraded model instead.
Thought I was really getting a deal but the red controller did not work at all
The stylus only worked for a few days.
There is an angled plug that goes into the computer AND there is another cable that plugs into that. That secondary plug does not fit very snugly. I pick up my laptop and put on my lap - then it often comes apart. My original ac adapter was one piece - so it never came apart.
The only reason I had to buy a new charger was cause my old one had the rubber broken off the cord and it was a hazard to keep around my baby. I had that charger for 4 years. I got this one and it lasted 1 year and it was giving me small problems a 4 months after having it.
A $1300 cutting board.
My husband carefully installed this screen protector and after it was installed saw that the screen protector had a top to bottom irregular scratch on it (not caused by him). It fits well and was a cheap price. Could Be that's why. Didn't return it. I'll live with it...
Didn't test HDMI all these days and now i tried for the first time and HDMI slot doesn't work. When I connect the same HDMI cable to old mac with HDMI slot, it works.
It said it fit the camera I needed it for, it didn't. Not a bad product to my knowledge just not what I needed.
I tried to use these connectors, however they took much longer than expected to use, so I ended up using different connectors. I do still have them, so maybe I will try to use them again in the future. If I'm going to spend this much on connectors, they better be easy to install.
the case itself is fine, but why does opening the cover and folding it to the back of the ipad make the ipad turn off? it is very annoying. I ordered the same case for the ipad mini 4 and it does not do this. this makes the cover pretty useless, i had to remove it.
This cable worked well initially but started having increasing disconnects until last night when the disconnects happen so frequently that it is now not usable.
Worked 5 times, then just spun and made noise.
The unit works well, but the power supply which is not pictured uses two spots on an outlet strip since the ac has to be plugged in horizontally. I would give it 5 stars if the AC adapter plugged in vertically and if they had shown the picture of the aAC adapter.
My computer crashed less than a year after purchase. Had never happened to any of my prior computers!!
Can't go very far or it sounds like I'm under water.. Gets static sounding for the customer if I go more than 2 rows away from my desk in the call center.. Hard to hear the customer when the volume is all the way up.
It does work. The one that I got wasn't broken or anything (at least I don't think it was), but the audio quality for both the headphones and the mic were much worse than I had expected. It was like I was just talking on the phone. The audio quality is as low as I am disappointed, and I am very disappointed.
The zipper broke on the smaller case. Also the zipper often catches and gets stuck on the laptop case.
This keyboard has a completely pointless green status light that stays on even when the computer is asleep. I had hoped to use it with a computer in my bedroom, but this intrusive light means I can't.
supportive and comfortable
they are alittle smaller then I realized
Loses connection too often and requires reset.
The iPad would fall over repeatedly when in portrait mode. Returned it to Amazon.
The color on this panel is horrible. Very displeased. It's a huge monitor as well so good luck trying to fit it on your desk... It looks too good to be true and it is.
product quit working after 4 months of daily use.
Not sure what happened, though I had to format it after a virus showed up on it, a laptop and my desktop each time I had used it.
These came to me in less than nice shape. The keyboard had a few buttons that didn't work.
Was not compatible with Xbox.
The computer works ok. The battery does not hold a charge. So much for refurbished!
I used this to extend the cable on a USB hub. The hub is connected to my USB printer and scanner. My printer and scanner work when the hub is connected directly to my computer. When I use this extension cable, the printer and scanner don't work.
It took me only a few minutes to install this drive into my desk top computer. Used in a desk top with a 3.5 drive, you will need a bracket. The data migration software made cloning my old drive very quick and easy. This drive has no moving parts so its completely silent. Runs cool and blazing fast. Windows 7 boots up in about 5 seconds and start up programs load instantly. There is no software disk with this drive. You can easily download the migration software and the Samsung Magician software from the Samsung website. The installation and use manuals are not very helpful but they give bulleted pointers that are good to know. Read the manuals before you install the software. Only time will tell if this drive can compete against 60 years of hard drive technology but so far, it's a clear winner. ADDENDUM AS OF JANUARY 27, 2019: I've discovered that files are disappearing from my hard drive, I'm beginning to experience BSOD and wear leveling count is rising too quickly for a new drive that been running for less than 900 hours. Also, backup is a problem with this drive. I've ordered a traditional 1TB HDD to replace this drive. I feel I can't trust this SSD.
Monitor works but still no picture and system still sees it so it did zero spoofing. Not worth the time sending it back so it may work in some future application. For now into the box of suspect items,
These micro USB TO USB-C adapters allow us to make use of our current micro USB chargers. But they significantly slow the charge rate. If you are using your phone they do maintain the current % of charge but do not make any gains. At least triple normal phone charge time using the adapters vs buying new USB-C cords.
Worked great for a month or two, then the tip bent with wear and unusable.
A struggle to get on with no air bubbles.
It keeps whirring and making this chip sound, and it get's really hot. I've had it for a little over a week now and it's already giving me these problems. I don't know what to do because nothing is physical wrong with the product and it isn't damaged at all, so I don't know why it would be doing this. I'm scared that my files may go missing though.
It worked as intended for several months but then it sorta just died out. I was getting more disconnections and sometimes just flat out no internet for hours when the router was working fine. My TP-Link pretty much died, but it might not be the same for you, i probably just had a bad defective one. I know it's the product since i have replaced it with a different product that has yet to fail on me. Purchase with caution, might work better on a laptop than a desktop for just simple basic things like checking emails and what not. Unless you're a gamer or some one who watches streams frequently, i would recommend something else, otherwise it might be the thing for you and its affordable.
Doesn't work on my cellphone
2 of then were fine. the 3rd one had a broken tip and wouldn't fit in the phone
Its slow. Thought it would perform better.
Unit dead on arrival. Carefully put it together, wouldn't power on. Disassembled and inspected, and the wires are visibly broken. The copper is pretty thin, the shielding brittle, and I think someone flexed the cable too hard a few times when they were doing cable management and they just broke off. Case seems awesome, but I can't actually use it as is. Going to attempt a return, and I'll definitely bump the rating once I sort that out and try again on the next one.
Works intermittently with my iphone 8. Says its charging but next morning i find it stopped working and didn't get a full charge
after less than six months the chord is shorted out it has a dead pixel and the sound cuts out at random times
The tablet lasted a couple of years but then it started to have issues. It was slow to respond or failed to respond at all. I got a new battery for it and set tablet back to manufacture setting, but it still didn't work. It's garbage. I finally ordered a Kindle Fire. I'm not sure if it was the actual quality of the tablet or perhaps I just got a defective refurbished one. I should mention that I bought my mom the same table at the same time and hers is still working just fine as of today!
I don't normally write these reviews because Amazon either does an awesome job of correcting (which is what happened here) or the company itself does. However, in this case I don't want ANYONE to have to go through the same experience I did. I bought this mouse April of 2018. In January 2019 the left mouse button stopped working / sticking. No problem I'll just email warranty and get a new mouse. Ya, I can get a new mouse after I destroy it and send it back to them. Proof of purchase wasn't enough apparently either. They wouldn't send me the shipping label until I sent them the picture of the "kill". See example photo. This makes no sense I've told you the mouse is broken, you are sending me a label to ship it back to you. Why do I have to be without a mouse for a week or more because your product failed? More over what a waste of materials. Overall, I was willing to give this company a try because of other reviews I had read online about the product but with a warranty policy such as this I cannot support them. This is not how you treat customers and try to grow a business.
I ordered this product and when I opened it, out comes a portable charger. Not sure if this was a one time occurrence but now I have to send it back and reorder it. Not sure who's to blame but very unprofessional.
Doesn't perform well, some frames seem to start and stop, others have a shadow of an image.
It didn't fit tablet I purchased it for. A pure waste of my time and money.
This is being used as a Time Machine for my iMac. Overall, setup was fine. It seems fast and functions normally with Time Machine. The problem is, that it's gotten corrupt multiple times and has become unusable. Of course, the solution from Seagate has always been to reformat the drive. That's great and all, but when you're using it for Time Machine, it's not exactly easy to copy 6TB somewhere and reformat and then restore the backups. Unless, you want to go out and buy a second one of these just to fix it when it corrupts. To be fair, it's hard to say what exactly causes the corruption (drive or OS). But, I've not had this issue with my other devices which makes me feel like it's something related to this device in particular. I've had this issue happen 3 times over the course of 5 months. After reformatting, everything worked fine. On a positive note, support has been relatively easy to get a hold of. They also offered to replace the drive at my cost for return shipping. I still have 6 months or so left on Warranty, so I may yet decide to replace it, but for now I simply reformatted and I'm up and going. Granted, I've lost all my incremental backups as a result.
Don't buy it refurbished. Worked for about a month before it stopped holding a charge. While it worked it was great.
A fine case, but the keyboard is not very useful and mostly just feels like a nuisance.
The cords are nice enough for the price, I suppose, but only two of the three actually worked--one of them was a dud.
The concept is fabulous - but the proof is in the pudding, as they say. Had trouble from day 1 with a reliable connection. Worked at first, then didn't. On again, off again connection--and an extended, arduous journey getting one display to work--and keep working--let alone the dual displays. Laptop got stuck in dock multiple times (and yes, it was put in correctly/straight); connectors in dock were not stable so sometimes the connection worked, sometimes it didn't. Support at Henge is a frustrating process--a "prove it"/try this-try that method that is protracted and time-consuming and maddening. Bought this product as well as their Stone dock (reviewed separately). Due to this experience, do not plan to ever buy any Henge product again.
Although the case is very nice and good protection, it is a hindrance when using the camera because it partially covers the camera no matter how you adjust it. I ended up removing my Galileo from it.
Purchased this monitor in February of 2018. Within the first month there was screen tearing and dead pixels. I turned off the monitor and it started working again just fine till about a week ago. Now its more persistent than before. Be warned when buying DELL equipment. Luckily I bought the extended warrantee.
The cable had some problems with the resolution. The company sent me replacement, but the new one has this issue aswell. I think this cable is faulty because it doesn't correctly recognize my LG 4K display. It displays it in wrong resolution and it shows that the display supports maximum 30 hertz while it is 60. I recommend buying a different brand to connect MacBook Pro to 4K monitors
Says it writes slow inside my drone to the card. Not sure why doesn't do this with my others.
Very small yet cute bag. Not good for carrying laptop.
Dropped right in and had a few more Wh than the one it replaced. Looked to be well made. edit: I bought it June and we are just into August and it is dead. Not so good. It says it is guaranteed for 12 months, We will see. In the meantime I need a replacement and will shop elsewhere.
Good case but I have first run models so they have scratched so easily.
I bought this mouse to use with my desktop PC for my work from Home job. I started using it right away and loved the comfort with my wrist pad, however. I'm having to click everything 2 or 3 times when Im using it and when Im on a call with a customer it really holds things up having to re-click and wait for the screen. It does have a loud click that my callers can hear. My old wireless mouse was silent and worked well. I needed to have a wired one for the new job and dont know what to do at this point to get it to work better. Im hoping I can contact Customer Service and see what they can do if anything and I will update my review accordingly.
Product no longer closes.
These wear out way too fast. They aren't expensive but you have to replace them every week or so if you use them regularly.
I bought it instead of seeking out a headset adapter which would have been way better. When you plug just the headset in it works fine however when you plug in the mic the sound quality becomes poor and very low which is not good. Purchase a headset adapter if you have a jack for it or just purchase a usb audio adapter that cost more than this
Seemed to mess up my phone when I put it in the device
It does not go on the left side of the MAC as advertised. I tried it on the other side and then had to sacrifice my headphones jack. You have to press really hard to make it work. On top of that, it unplugs with the slightest of the touches. Won't recommend since it is pricey.
And got worse over time
The audio is awful, glares on the screen are terrible. At max, the battery last 2 hours. The keys are loud....I would not recommend this product.
Not sure if I got a defected one, but I got this for my Wii because I didn't want to keep buying batteries for my wireless sensor bar. I plugged it in and it worked for a few days, now it's impossible to play as the sensor doesn't detect the controller properly and basically makes me spin around in circles when I play any FPS game. I thought it may have been my controller, but I used my wireless sensor perfectly fine. At the end of the day, it's junk to me and I ended up investing more money into rechargeable batteries for my wireless sensor bar.
It has a very strong chemical smell, but I assume it will air out. It fits, which is more than I can say about another case I purchased, and the cover stays in place thanks to strong magnets. I haven't noticed any dead space on the screens from interface with the S Pen, but I will update if I do. Update: 10 days later an there are no issues with the magnets interfering with the S Pen, but the smell isn't getting any better. Worse, whatever the smell is, it gets on your hands. I scrubbed it with dish soap hoping that would cure it. Nope. Know how spritzing on some cologne to try to cover up BO makes it worse? Same with cleaning the case. It's awful.
Only lasted for 8 months before zippers broke and became unusable
Needed heavier material but for home use fine pretty color
Keyboard functions well and seemed well made, however after 5 months of use a couple of the keys have stopped working.
For the price I guess that's what you get, but mine stopped holding any charge after about a month and a half. Worked fine otherwise and worked well at first, but quickly deteriorated.
This product was great ergonomically and did its job for a couple of months before it randomly stopped working. I mainly use it on my laptop and even tried plugging the USB into my desktop and it still did not work. I plugged a different USB storage device in the same port and it worked so I know its not my USB port. The light on the mouse works it seems like the issue is with the USB. Its an okay product for short term use but doesn't seem to be something that can last you long term.
finicky for 5 months until now. it now "connects" for only a second. not useable now
The item is so small and hard to place in the correct spot.
Make sure it including the monitor ! My order they do not have the lcd monitor. So I have to return them.
Says high speed charging, but doesn't fast charge like original Samsung usb C adapter.
It is an excellent graphics card, but it came to me used, or is what I think, when it opened it was missing the backplate protector and also lacked the serial number that is also attached to the backplate, talk to Amazon about this problem. and they told me that all the products they were selling were new, it is very rare because they did not even open it.
Made of foam. Not plastic. Feels cheap
The cover comes with 2 sided like tape, didn't stay stuck, and the tablet just doesn't stay in it.
It is as described and it works just fine. But if you try to run it at the full 1 amp per channels it's rated at, it will burn that channel out. I actually ran three 0.25 amp fans on the same channel and it burned out that channel even though each channel is rated to 1 amp. Oh and the SD card reader is limited to USB 2 speeds and the temperature probes are less than accurate.
Worked okay for about 3 months. Then it was hit or miss for another 3 months. Today it finally died on me. I would say you get what you paid for with this and recommend spending a bit more for something make with better materials.
Get what you pay for
TP-Link, a trusted name brand for many. Bought this product & it ran great for the first 3 months. No issues with installation on Windows 10. Now, it's as slow as a turtle. When I acquired about product service to diagnose the issue, received no response (sadly, it's been a week now). I'm going back to something I've always trusted, Linksys. I usually don't give bad reviews, but it was great while it lasted. Two stars for first three months of usage. Maybe your experience won't be like mines, good luck :-)
Doesn't always work with the device. Sometimes need to work with a bit. Heavy duty cord
I didn't even know I bought this. They never contacted me by email so I don't really know what to do if I need to contact them.
wouldn't buy again. the weight of the two cords that plug into it is too much for the USB port, ended up breaking it but worse my port is now useless. lesson learned, buy one with a cord, or buy a cord to plug it into, and just in case a USB switch so if it does go out I have more in the switch to use and it doesn't take my computer port out with it
I purchased 2 of these to use with battery packs to keep our phones charged at Disney world. They worked great during our week there. That was Easter week this year. Since then the cords have seen very light use here and there. Last month one of the cords stopped working and I thought maybe we bent it too much during use. Now the second one stopped working. Outwardly the cord looks fine, it just stopped working. Now I have two battery packs and no short cords. I paid a little extra for these to get what seemed like a premium product over the cheapies out there. Now I am looking for replacements.
Seems like it has potential, but the damn thing keeps turning off.
Great phone. But the mic quit working two weeks later.
This case arrived broken. The top half is fine but the bottom half has cracks and a part missing. I would not order from this seller.
Nice concept, rich features, and most importantly the Displaylink feature works well up to the advertised resolutions over HDMI. However there's one major problem which for me renders this device pretty much unusable: Mouse tracking is super unstable. It's not very clear to me what triggers this problem yet, however at the very least I noticed the choppy mouse tracking starts with big windows (even though static content like a web browser showing an empty or a very plain page). It also gets triggered when there's minimal activity on screen. On top of that, the lack of a host selection indicator is a notable disadvantage. There's the toggle button on the right side, but no visible way to tell which host is currently selected. As it stands
It does not work, I have tried it in several adapters. I guess you get what you pay for.
Applied this screen protector on Christmas day and it cracked on New Year's eve . . .. only trying to turn off the alarm! Will buy another product.
Frame broke above nose after 4 months of use.
not worth the price. screen does not get too bright, even after recalibration suggested by other amazon shoppers. not too fast. this laptop would be fine for more casual laptop users but I am returning it to get a better computer.
The frame broke at the bridge totally spontaneously, while gently (normally) putting the glasses on - I had owned them only 10 months. Generally I had kept them in the case provided (actually a nice case) and had actually used them only 1 out of 4 or 5 nights with no rough handling. I just feel that is extremely poor durability. They functioned fine, and I would say they fit well over my usual reading glasses.
First off, this took weeks to get here. I didn't realize it was shipping from China or I would have paid a few bucks extra and gotten one that was Prime. I don't hold that against the seller it's just that I didn't realize that when I bought it. The actual product is kind of crap. I tested the first 3 keychains, #1 worked just fine and is on my car keys. #2 didn't work at all, and #3 works some of the time (I have it velcro'd to my Fire remote). I thought at first maybe the receiver just doesn't work through walls (even though the transmitter was about 10 feet away)- but the keychain transmitter was able to ping in the exact same location so it's just a faulty transmitter. It does ping sometimes - but every time it has been after I'd already found the dang thing and brought it close to the transmitter to test that it was working at all. Defeats the point! I'm really disappointed in this product and based on 2 out of 6 (again, I didn't test the other 3 so it might be a higher %) not functioning as they should I'd say give this particular product a pass. One of the tested transmitters DID work and works well, so it's not a 1 star - maybe I just got an old/bad set.
Smaller then I thought. Bag crinkles like cheap plastic.
The keys are mushy, litterally like typing on a sponge, and that's not just the keyboard, it's the mouse too. Maybe I'm just old fashioned, but I'm not a fan of these "silent" keyboards. Connection is another issue too, I'm using the keyboard about 6 feet away from the computer and sometimes it just doesn't recognize key strokes, which is handy when you're trying to type passwords. If your in a real pinch, on a budget, or are buying a gift for your worst enemy, this is the setup for you! But I strongly suggest saving a bit and buying a better keyboard/mouse from Logitech.
Broke two days after first use and I'm gentle with small electronics.
Already coming apart and I take amazing care of all of my electronics and cords! Now I have to buy another brand after buying 2 of these and they both don't work and the black I threw away after 2 weeks it broke! Annoying because they are $10.99 a piece! Do better anker!
Lights on the front broke day one everything else is ok I guess. Cheap plastic so don't expect too much.
Never used since it is not HDMI compatible.
Had it for 6 months and it stopped working, I had to call customer service and get it replaced. Other than that it works great.
I was disappointed with this laptop and sent it back. Although the specs looked good. It responded slowly. Not sure it it was the processing or there was a problem with the keyboard. Huge lag when typing.
Not the best. Connects to the internet via the Ethernet. Does not provide enough power for an external hard drive through the USB ports.
The home button is a joke
I bought this keyboard to use with my Surface Pro 4 due to the fact that I likes that the keys lit up. There is a nice assortment of colors and I really enjoy that feature. Unfortunately that is the only feature I enjoy on the keyboard. The track pad is awful and the lightest brush of even my sleeve against the track pad will move the cursor. This leads to a lot of mistakes and aggravation while typing.The only solution to this is to turn it off making it completely useless. I do not use this keyboard full time as I also have another laptop that I usually use so over the last year this keyboard has had approximately 10 hours of use total. After about 7 hours of use the battery life drastically reduces and now I am getting only 30 minutes to an hour on a full charge, without the back lights on. This is not acceptable. The battery should last much longer than this for such an expensive product.
Disappointed at the mold, the weight, the feel of the product and will most likely never get this brand for my clients again. Stops working on occasion too and thats frustrating for the end user. They should be sold for $9.99 because that's what they are worth. I would go name brand or even Amazon Basics over this model. It looks great but that's about all
When I first put this case on I was in love. It was exactly what I am looking for in a case for my 13 inch MBP. I noticed today though, that there is a bubble or warped area on the top cover where it looks like an oil slick or rainbow. Im not sure if it is warping due to the heat, as it was in a laptop bag at all times when its not open on a table. Hopefully, it is just a cosmetic issue and I just got a defect as I really love it and would love to continue using it. I will update if it gets worse...
Using this for external hard drive on PS4. The connecting cord is crap the port from the drive to the cord is lose so it constantly looses connection.
In three years and about 5,000 hours of use, the main (Z) axis potentiometer has failed four times. It always develops a drift to port. The first three times, I shipped it back to CH and they replaced the sensor, but this thing has been frustrating. Pictured: centered pedals reporting 107 but should be 128.
I like the product BUT THE SELLER SENT ME TWO OF THE SAME I ORDERED GREEN AND BLUE. BUT GOT TWO GREEN. VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS, NEVER THE LESS I NEVERTHELESS I LIKE IT. STURDY GOOD PROTECTION
Worked fine at first, then started having service drops, terrible WIFI lag, and strangely enough, cell phone service in the house went from good to awful. Internet service provider investigated and concluded the modem was the culprit. Thankfully Amazon helped us out and issued a refund. Love Amazon!
Had this for 3 months total before it started malfunctioning! This flash drive frequently disconnects from any computer it plugs into, for no reason whatsoever, and has major problems when files are copy-pasted off of it. Midway through most copy-paste processes, it will just stop working and need to be plugged in again. Do not recommend at all.
One of the cables stopped working after a week. Not impressed.
The right trigger wears out very fast and breaks especially for grand theft auto V
Works fine but sound is tinny and flat, absolutely not useful for music, devoid of any bass or depth, any size Bluetooth speaker I've used for a phone or mobile device is better, should have stuck with that. Paid too much, expected too much, looking forward to upgrading soon.
This cracks very easy but it did protect the screen
VERY SLOW. I downloaded one app and it took up ALL space on the LapTop. Don't suggest buying this.
This cord charges my Surface Book just fine, but I knew the price was too good to be true. The cable came loose at the base of the power input, and when I gently pushed it back in, the top of the input popped off. It still works, but I doubt it will last long. Otherwise, its profile is a bit smaller than the standard power cable, but it does come at the cost of a thick plug that effectively takes two spaces on an outlet strip. Update: Broke after about 3 months. I've had Surface cables last longer, but I've had them last shorter as well.
The design I got was pretty cute, it's the black one with the stars on it. Unfortunately, it's cheaply made, because one week after use, the black started rubbing off and you can see the white underneath. Also in the photos, you can see on the edges it's starting to break. Overall wouldn't recommend. You can get a much better quality one for a few dollars more.
Cheap started to fall apart on day one.
Poor wifi throughput speeds, not suitable for fiber high speed connection. Coverage is great but don't buy if you want to use the full potential of a high speed fiber connection.
We've had the product for 6 months & the battery is completely dead.
The case collapses at the drop of a pin. The groves are not deep enough to hold an iPad. If I touch it to turn a page when reading it flattens. If I want to go to a new tab it collapses. It is not worth it. I would love to just return it. Poorly constructed.
Pros: - Good audio quality for gaming (hear footsteps in PUBG great) - No annoying cord - Detachable mic Cons - Cannot disable LED light permanently (it comes back on in-between uses) - Provided charging cable is very short, not long enough to use while charging - Mic quality is pretty bad - AUDIO POPPING, constant audio popping likely due to USB connection or something, it'll just randomly pop at times and is very annoying Summary I really enjoyed these at first. The audio quality was great, for the price. Playing PUBG was enjoyable, because of the closed-back nature of the headphones - can really hear and feel the bass sounds. I went with these because of the detachable mic that no other headphones seemed to offer - I don't need the mic. I'm about to return them, though. The popping issues are too annoying for me. I'm sitting two feet from the USB dongle and still get random crackling. It doesn't happen constantly, but it happens enough to be noticeable and frustrating. Perhaps I got a faulty pair.
Ok I have a 2 acre lot and want to have Wi-Fi for my Ring cameras among other things. I had high hopes but of course the item falls flat on its face. VERY VERY poor reception. Set up was hard to find the information on it but I finally did. I am returning it.
It's a great tool and having calculator is a big plus. The only issue I have is I guess the stand by mode doesn't work at all because when I'm not using it lets say a few days the battery is completely dead. I wrote to customer service to ask about the issue and after big delays in the answer there was no solution to the the issue.
Ouch. Cable is way too long, unless you sit 10ft from your phone or PC.
I researched backpacks for my son for high school extensively before settling on this one. A USB port for charging his phone was a top priority for me because he will be traveling out of town for high school sports and his phone does not hold a charge all that well. I love the backpack in theory, but the zipper on one of the pockets has already broken off less than 2 months since he started using it. For that reason, I am giving the bag 3 stars instead of 5. UPDATE: one of the compartments is now falling apart. 2 stars. Photos attached.
Did not last too long doesn't hold a charge anymore after 2 weeks
I am a college student who purchased this to negate some of the volume of my typing while in class or the library. It made my typing quieter, but turns my nails and fingers blue from the dye, every day. I have had this product on my computer for less than a week and the color is already worn away on the "C," "N," and "M" keys and I walk around looking like a smurf.
The bracket is sturdy enough, but because of the mounting position for the SSD the mounting screws are hard to get started. Also, the bracket extends too far past the edge of the SSD and interferes with right-angle SATA cable connector. Forget this model and spend another $5.00 on model BK-PCBS, which is a far superior design and includes a built-in SATA connector extension.
Broken buttons when received
I have been trying to get a Mini (Not a micro mini) HDMI to a USB cable or an adapter. I got another Micro or Micro B to USB cable which I have so many of. I need a cable or adapter for a MINI HDMI to USB. I took pictures of what I need! Mini HDMI not Micro B to USB> Steve Asher
I got the charger to keep at work because o kept forgetting mo e all the time. However it doesn't work great. When I plug in the charger it makes that beeping sound(which is fine) but it constantly is marking that sounds of the charger getting plugged in and out.
I used this for about 2 days because it stopped charging my phone. I know this is a late review but I would recommend this item. That's why I gave it 2 stars.
Nice looking backpack and perfect for smaller items. However, the shoulder strap broke after a few uses. Pretty disappointing because I was using it for work.
1. Looks fabulous. 2. Adequate Screen resolution and Refresh rates for games and traders. 3. When in sleep mode will wake up without Blue light looks Pinkish and has to be reset. 4. I'm pretty happy for the money, but definitely bought the extended Warranty. Please hit the helpful button if you find this useful. Thank You
Came in fast but unfortunately battery doesn't last too much.
First and foremost this product has a great value for what you get, an 8/2 port GIGABIT POE switch with a small form factor. The only issue I have with my device is that there seems to be some defect with is as the network "hangs" or "freezes up". I tried new cables, switched up the devices and still the same issue. Unfortunately for me the unit I received is defective and it's basically a paperweight for me. I had to replace it with another switch from ANOTHER MANUFACTURER and my network is now running smoothly. I really had high hope for this switch...
As another reviewer said, it needs power. I wished I had noticed that before I bought (my bad). I was used to an Apple HDMI/USB adapter on my old iPad 2 that didn't need to be connected to a power outlet. Now with my new iPad A1822 that has the lightning connector I needed a new HDMI converter. The one time I used this adapter with FaceTime to my TV the sound was delayed and didn't match the person and later the picture froze of both myself and the other person even though the iPad showed live action. It's going back.
Not what I expected.
It's super slow and dies really fast.
Less then a year in and 1 of 3 cords still works.
Attached fans and powered it up for the first time. Failed to detect fan speed or provide PWM signals to fans so they just ran at 100% speed all the time. This was true of both Linux and Windows so I don't think it was a software error and the BIOS reported a fan failure during boot as well. Sadly the SATA power cable wasn't long enough and I'd already spliced it to make it longer so a return isn't an option.
Excellent one that is ok
The navy blue marble was a poor quality image. It was pretty blurry and might look okay from afar, but it definitely didn't have the clear printing that makes it look nice in the photo.
Couldn't get the HDMI to work and it's really flimsy.
It was great and then all of the sudden in just started fizzling in the outlet which doesn't happen to any other one
Not what I was hoping it would be. The pen part is a pain in the rear to use and at times it will not work with my surface pro. If you are looking for a great stylus this is not a great fit. With other products it may work differently. With my product this was not the case.
I bought this for my fiancé back in December for a Christmas present. He's had it for five months, and it's already going bad. The audio keeps cutting out and a side piece keeps popping off.
I got this router because it had amazing reviews and ratings. It didn't live up to the hype. I thought the setup was relatively easy, until I couldn't get both of my wifi bands (2.4 and 5 ghz) to connect to the internet. The 5 GHZ band kept having problems with providing a stable connection. This router doesn't work well with some network devices. I could not reliable use any Chromecast or my Google Home speaker because they couldn't stay connected to this. The reviews stated that Synology had good customer support , which is not true. I had a slow back and forth conversation with a support person over email, and he did nothing useful even after I submitted debug logs. There is little documentation or online help, so this router is clearly for people who won't need help. I have had such great routers up until this one, I didn't realize that I needed to be even more of a network expert to make this work.
I was initially happy with this product, but one drop on a carpeted floor resulted in a broken corner. The corners are made of the cheapest plastic imaginable, have sharp edges and are very pointy at the corners. You could actually scratch yourself quite easily on one of them. I guess you get what you pay for. I would not buy this again
Got these in the mail. Not sure if they are actually aukey? Came in the ziplock baggie, no box with warranty card and info. And the actual adapters dont have aukey on them just the generic usb logo.
Ok battery lifes sucks , had a quite few scratches but durability is fare
Cheap plastic, cushion on bottom only half-filled, much lower quality than I expected. If I didn't need it so badly I would send it back. Go for the more expensive version.
No where as big as the picture describes but it works
Unfortunately, this item failed. Purchased on September 4, died on 11/10. What else is there to say? Well, when the company heard I had this issue they immediately contacted me to offer help. They offered to replace the unit without discussion. I had already replaced the unit so I asked for a refund and they complied without hesitation. This is a classy outfit!
I didn't mind paying more for a SanDisk micro SD card for my Samsung Galaxy S7 because SanDisk is a trusted quality brand. I might as well have bought the cheap crap because my SanDisk card abruptly failed after only 9 months of use. It's a huge inconvenience and I am very disappointed.
Fits nicely, but the grooves intended to hold the tablet up in a recliner position are too soft and do not hold.
Very durable product... just doesn't charge well... my phone reads weak charge
Bought the headphones month and a half ago. In the beginning the sound was good but now it keeps interrupting and it's really annoying. It is not letting me play the game normally.
I bought this case because I wanted a hardcover and a nice color. It's been 5 months, and now both zippers are broken and the case won't close. Not recommended.
Worked well until maybe the second week. Now it needs to be held a certain way to charge.
Great picture. Had plenty of auxilary inputs on the edge of the bezel. Came with a dead pixel. I exchanged it for a Asus.
HDMI wasn't recognized in series mode with Apple AV adapter so I had to use a different Thunderbolt 3. That wasn't a huge deal, but the main problem was that the unit's USB-C used for MacBook Pro charging caused the unit to get very hot - I mean very hot!!! That was a deal breaker, and I had to return the unit. USB 3.0 worked fine.
Unfortunately I didn't read carefully and these don't come with any warranty. My sub just stopped working (well, like 3% level) after 6 months or so. Sounded great until now.
I've had the case for less than a week and the plastic has already snapped at the points around the lock button, volume controls etc. where the plastic is thinnest and the magnet is so weak, it can barely hold up the iPad and the barest nudge collapses it. But that's what you get from a case so cheap, I guess.
I had to return it - I could not get my computer to recognize this device at all, not matter what I tried - Maybe I just received a defective unit
wasn't worth the money or time using it,, Went belly up after a week.
Supposed to be RF/EMI shielded, but I had more problems with this cable getting sensitive equipment to run right then I did with an Anker cable with some beads clipped onto it. Crap cable for it's marketed purpose.
I brought two. One of them was already burned inside power socket when open the package. It doesn't work at all. The other one is fine.
Not even 2 mos since I bought these and 2 of them have already gone bad
This case arrived promptly and I immediately loved the way it looks. Nice matte-ish rose-gold color, lightweight, seems sturdy, easy to slip on to iPad. Used it for a few days when it finally occurred to me that something about the way the top right side back of the case bumps up against the iPad causes the volume button to go down to 0. At first I thought it was mildly annoying but something I could live with -- I would just push the volume back up to a good level every so often, not a huge deal. Then I realized that the only way I could keep the volume from constantly going down to zero was to hold the case (with the iPad in it) a certain way, and I had to be careful to not move it too much. If I changed position even slightly, the volume would again go down. My solution has been to keep the case on when I'm doing things that don't require volume (texts, facebook, email, reading), but to take the case off completely when I'm listening to audio. Which really kind of defeats the purpose. So while I'd really love to love this case, I just can't -- but I'm not upset enough to return it. Sigh....
These speakers are small and cheap, and they sound small and cheap
Love the stickers although they aren't really stickers because they don't stick to anything.
Left/Right click buttons and Scroll wheel are located too high . I have to lift hand to use and my wrist get tired in less than 5 minute of use. I made a 3/4 inch high wrist support and glued it on mouse pad and it working very comfortable. Palm rest come with it but still too low, need much higher palm rest. I will give 5 star if come with wrist supporter. I love the angle of the left/right click button and scroll wheel.
I would not recommend getting this just because of the usb extender... fan works great but the usb extender would cause my controller to lose signal and it would lag
I didn't realize that BOTH ends of this are a male usb-c connection. My HP laptop cord has a cord hard wired to the brick so I can't combine this with my normal charger. I plugged it into a phone charger and it does function. I just can't use the OEM laptop charger with the full wattage.
Worked fine for 3 months then the backspace button stopped working and the whole keypad stopped working a few days later. Garbage.
Overall sound quality and looks I love this headset. Unfortunately for any long gaming sessions I've always have been relieved to take them off. The problem seems to be the ear padding leaves the speaker pushing on my ears and after only an hour I'll want to take them off. Shame since I like everything else about them.
The bag was nice for all of two weeks of use. Strap plastic clip broke so shoulder carrying has been ruled out. Expected more out of Lenovo, especially considering very light usage.
This external drive is so tiny I can just about guarantee that It will get lost.
Programming is in Chinese. Once set up it works ok, but I use it between a desk PC and a laptop and getting it to resync is an issue every time. If you are just setting it up on one computer, it might be an acceptable product.
Ok product but the fluid used to wipe off took the finish off the Fitbit band. Would have been helpful to have a warning about that. Band not expensive but ruined. Contact seller and they denied that would do that.
End of the cable housing broke off. Pass on this one.
As far as controllers go, this one performs as well as any generic. I got this to play on a friend's XBONE, but I also use it for PC. It's nice that it comes with a microUSB cable, but who doesn't have a bunch laying around anyway? To make this controller wireless on PC and rechargeable (standard features of the PS4 controllers), you will need to spend about $50 extra on proprietary hardware. It's ridiculous that a current-gen controller still uses disposable AA batteries. Microsoft is good at building hardware but much better at draining your wallet.
Cheap flimsy can't really use the controllers with the covers on them
I've had my total gym for 16yrs with no problem but with time my cable finally wore it's self out. I found this replacement but only having it for only 6 months it broke not as strong as the original.
Was not happy with the product. Did not lay correctly on the phone. I previously ordered a product that did not have the black border at the top, which I liked much better. Cannot use it if you have a protective case on the back of the phone. I find in general though the glass protective covers crack very easy. I have gone through 9 of them within 8 months and I am not rough with my phone.
Ordered the black flower/teal but did not get that. I received the teal/gray one. I can't exactly send it back because it was a gift for my mom and I don't want to wait for another one. Just would have been nice to get what I wanted.
ipad works fine but battery runs out really quickly!!
The bag does not stand up on its own. My bag did not come with a exterior USB port as advertised. The interior- there's only one pocket inside the bag. This bag was made for a high school student. If you are not that prepare to be disappointed.
Current RMA The state of the delivery box was questionable (see photos). Not sure if the seller didn't provide adequate packing material or if the box was mishandled in transit. I was also a bit frustrated with the included CPU cooler mounting bracket as the holes were slightly misaligned, making the cooler installation a pain. But nonetheless, I went ahead with my build, until at 2am, as I try my first boot and all I get is a light show, no post, no display. While the board looked really nice in my custom PC and offered RGB and two m.2 slots (which I really wanted), sadly it refused to detect my brand new Ryzen 1700 and couldn't post. Interestingly enough, while the system was powered on, the board was able to provide power to the cpu cooler and the DIMMs but did not light up its own rgb areas. In the end I turned to the used Gigabyte B350 board I bought on craigslist for a backup! Buddy of mine said that most x370 boards are over-priced and now I know why. I went back and forth multiple times between boards to test different configurations (i.e. only 1 DIMM, etc.) and ultimately called it quits on this board. Not sure if the malfunction was due to handling, but I doubt it was a QA issue as this board was refurb iirc. Either way this was a headache for my first computer build, but also tested my ability to isolate hardware errors. Pics: 1 - Box, unopened - arrived as pictured, no packing material and with about 1-2 inch extra room on top and sides of the box (too big?) 2 & 3 - Box, opened - Shows small puncture in mobo box as well as a crunched corner (suggesting lots of movement inside of box, possibly previous wear and tear) 4, 5 & 6 - Box unopened - shows extent of wear on outer box, busted tape 7 - The MSI board plugged in with everything else lit up.
The keyboard itself feels good and has a nice shape. However, one major fault. The wireless connectivity. Problem one, it uses a USB dongle. This 2019, we have a little protocol called Bluetooth, pretty much every device made in the last 5 years supports it. Stop with the stupid proprietary dongles (that are unreliable and can be lost rendering the whole keyboard useless) and non-standard connectivity. Problem two, the wireless can also be very spotty -- just random periods of several minutes when some key presses just don't get processed. Incredibly annoying and causes unexpected errors. --- Update: Downgrading to two stars. Continued frustration with poor wireless connectivity and now sticking function keys.
I wanted to love this. It was pretty easy to set up (plug in a USB receiver into our smart tv). It's easy to charge. We are typical tv watchers, and we have cut the cable. I was hoping to be able to search Netflix etc in a dark living room. That part actually works fine. But I couldn't figure out how to pause, play, fast forward, etc. there are a million buttons - I'm sure the capability is in there somewhere. But I was hoping to do LESS fumbling in the dark. I ordered a different one with a different layout, and the video controls are right on top with the volume controls. Make sure you look carefully at the layout to find one you like.
Stopped working after a couple months of use. Very unhappy
The pads are not sticky enough even when mounting an Iphone 6. On one occasion, it nearly fell down on my face.
Super disappointed with this product. We took our time putting it on perfectly, making sure the were no bubbles, and the very next day half of the sticker was peeling off! I gave 2 stars because we haven't had any problems with the controller stickers, and the graphics look really nice, just like quality stick backing!
This product didn't work at all. My original signal was stronger. I had trouble reaching out to the company to return it and I missed the return window here. Waste of money.
Great product while it worked..
While it was easy to install i can't get rib off two bubbles in two corners
It's what I needed however has to update all the time and the picture for the second monitor is all off because of the constant updates
This AC adapter is advertised as having a CE rating, but the internals are clearly not designed with normal fire protection like on other CE and UL rated adapters. Avoid this.
My Amazon Fire Hd always said it was running from a low power source and it did not come with an Ac plug to plug in the wall to change that.
I love the look, but the decal did not come off of the transfer paper. Looks like a sticker.
Mousepad gets stuck. Probs restarting with no new programs installed. I would return it if i still had the box. Not happy with purchase especially with that pricetag. I expected more seeing that I use this brand at work and never have these problems.
Fits nice, marble is faded and doesn't look good, it looks as if the ink ran out so it's slightly discolored. Keyboard cover is nice and fits well. The bottom is not marble and is slightly different color. I don't feel like returning, but probably wouldn't fully recommend this product.
I have gigabit internet and cannot get more then 100Mbps from these devices... if you expect to get gigabit internet with these, think again. I bought two of these (4 total) and wishing I didn't.
So I got a new computer... Then I got a puppy. Less than 24 hours after bringing said puppy home, she decided to chew through said new computer's cord. No worries, I will get another. I bought this cord and it worked fine until I saw sparks because she had chewed through that cord too while I was using it. So I bought a new one and I have been very careful about said puppy being far away from new cord. It has worked brilliantly until it didn't. I went on vacation to visit family, and this cord stopped working. I get the error message that it does not have the necessary 45W needed even though it says 65W. I am going to order a different brand that will hopefully work for more than three months.
Nice design but case doesnt allow my keyboard to work even though its connected for some reason. Second the case comes off the keyboard works
Aesthetically on point but two out of three broke within 10x use; USE meaning I just plugged my phone, it on my night desk and went to sleep. Already on my third and last cable in only a month. I don't recommend this especially if you're a traveler or on the go. You'll be left with no choice but to run and unexpectedly look for a new charging cable.
This harddrive seemed like a good deal. I got it home, installed it and then a few google searches later found out, it has a noise problem! There are forums (reddit/WD) that have pages of people complaining about the same issue. I've used WD before and never had this problem. But it's something with the Black series that must have a noise problem. Whenever this drive turns off, it whines until it stops spinning. When this drive is having things installed on it, it makes a noise that reminds me of dial up internet (I won't try to describe it for those who haven't had the pleasure) The good news is that the drive seems to all my games, and they run perfectly fine. I ran a benchmark test on my system after installing this and the results were normal. It spins as fast as it should and can read/write no problems. Just fix the noise....
Pen is really small and uncomfortable and there aren't any other options available for this tablet. I need a small tablet to do remote work in cafes etc. and the Pro model, even the small one, is WAY to big. Going to return and try a Huion I guess.
Very slow speed, loses files repeatedly, mp3s end up skipping during playback. Extremely high amounts of orphaned clusters & bad sectors. Very poor quality flash drives.
The mouse has no weight to it. Feels very cheap. For the price, you can get a much better mouse for a few bucks more if not the same.
I've bought two of these, a couple of weeks apart. Unfortunately, one malfunctioned within a month, after only 4 uses. Part of the coupling which attaches to the USB cable came apart. Luckily the drive was still intact, but I had to buy a new temporary housing, pay for repair service and will still need to buy another Hard drive.
It worked great...for 5 months. Now I have to replace it because it won't work anymore.
Very poor imaging, not worth price. Grandkids liked at first but image did not completely disappear and they were dissatisfaction.
Worked for 3 months....now the power port is working and the computer won't power up...pretty useless at this point.
The item is too light in weight. It is starting to come apart after less than 2 months. Most times I have to shake it, the try again to see the arrow on the screen. When I decided I didn't like it, it was past my return date. Too bad.
One, I have never written a negative review before but seeing how this is my second case from this company. This case, much like the first one, broke within 1 month of getting it. I am not rough with my laptop, yet this case still breaks. In my opinion, the whole bottom part of the case is useless, seeing how it breaks quickly. The top part of the case is tough. I only wish that it was the same for the bottom part. If you plan on not moving your laptop, this case is perfect for you. If you use your laptop for work, school, etc. then don't bother getting this case, it will only break with light use. The only redeeming quality about this case is the top part. (Which is why i'm giving it two stars instead of one.)
I received this item and used it to remotely control the slides on my Power Point presentation. It became an a major distraction to me and my audience, as it would not respond to the commands. I had to click it many times before it would pass the page. I thought that the problem was due to the fact my laptop was not in a direct line of sight to where I was standing, which was only about 50 feet away, in an enclosed building and without any other obstacles. On my next attempt, we raised the laptop to where the USB receiver was clearly visible from my point of view, but had the same problem of having to click the pointer numerous times, while extending my arm in an attempt to get closer, in order to get a response from the device. Very sleek and shiny, a good laser pointer, but I'm not willing to pay so much just for a pointer.
Is OK,but not what I expected.I hoped for a complete case,covering all of cell
This might be just with how these speakers work with my computer, but I could not find a way to make the speakers quiet enough or loud enough for what I was doing. 20% is just as loud as 100%, and even 1% is too loud compared to other speakers, even with the adjustments I could do software wise.
Gave for Christmas gift and 2 of the 3 cords have already quit. Already threw packaging away. Bummer.
I love the look of this case! However, it is constantly falling off :( very disappointing
Works for wii u but not pc
Worked great, but made my ipad air 2 way to bulky. Went with another keyboard case where it is easier to take the ipad out.
I am not sure what is going on with it. After 2.5 months of using it, the scroll wheel physically works, but on the screen, it scrolls, but when you stop the wheel, the screen returns to its original location. It's a crazy maker. I love the feel of the mouse. This is actually the second one that I have owned. Now that I think about it, the last one failed on me as well. Maybe I should choose another mouse this next time. FYI, the return window was one month, and the support window was two months. I am SOL.
I honestly didn't like it, speaker and touch was terrible
I was really excited about getting this. However, it isn't compatible to my keyboard despite seeming so. Enclosed is pics for comparison.
Look nice with a perfect fit for my 2016 iPad Pro. Unfortunately the glue used is of poor quality so the cover started falling apart after a couple of weeks of light use.
solved problem with our laptops mouse cables catching on chairs Direct fit would buy again. I had given this item a 5. I have reduced to a 2 due to breakage The adapters worked great. Unfortunately one of the 2 became loose inside the adapter and quit working. Checking into why it failed the male end was able to be pulled out easily. To me it looks like the rubber failed to adhere to the male plug during the molding process. There is no damage to either the rubber or the plug.
Half the keyboard keys stopped working after about 2 months.
I tried, tried, and tried again but the edges would not meet up. So I basically had to leave it open on one side and just slip the rubber piece over. Hopefully it doesn't mess up my brand new iPad. The rubber continues to slide off as well. I use Otterbox cases for my phone, mostly the symmetry model, but I do not plan on spending money on another Otterbox case for my iPad.
This item is not even close to being the size it is supposed to be. It is unusable because it is so much smaller than the ID of 10mm tubing that it is supposed to be it will not work as intended.
The bottom comes off easily
Stopped working after 5 months.
Looks the same but doesn't fit all the way in the computer, so you have to watch the angle to ensure it is charging.
I have been fighting with this for two day - and I don't think this is going to work for me as I can't get the silicone cover to fit correctly. while I like the handle -- I am not crazy that there is no front cover to protect screen from scratching. I will try to wrestle the cover on but if I can not I will return.
The gap between the screen and the otter box screen protector is problematic, it is about 1-2mm and everytime there is extra effort the press any icon.
average, guess you get what you paid for. The stand is horrible its too straight up!
So I bought this monitor as an upgrade to my current Acer monitor once received monitor had a blue line on the right side of the monitor from the top to the bottom. Spoke with Acer stated I had to send it to them they would fix it then return it but it would take up to a month. Decided to speak with Amazon and they stated they would exchange the monitor and deliver it in 2 days. So moral of the story if you buy this and it's broken on arrival don't waste your time with Acer just deal with Amazon
This was an absolute waste of money.
been about 5 months and the headset is already failing.
Didn't work for my MAC
3.5 months back to school and the one strap is ripping already
the one Santa got my very careful daughter didn't last long. I contacted the said they owed send a replacement, but never did. They also never responded other than the first response.
I have a PS4 w./ the VR headset and an external hard drive so I'm OUT of USB ports. This product seemed perfect - no wires, no messiness - turn 2 ports into 4. When you plug it in, it doesn't sit flush on the PS4, it rocks back and forth pivoting on the Y axis. First time I powered up, the HD was dead. I shut down, pushed in the left side of the unit so the right side "stuck out" (looks really weird) and the HD powered up, but wasn't being read. Other reviewers are correct. This isn't a good product. I gave it a 2 star because the design (in theory) is PERFECT.
I was moderately happy with it until it got stuck to my laptop screen and left an oily residue. Luckily I was able to clean it off without permanent damage, but even before the cover got stuck, it was not keeping my sweat away from my keybaord. It may fit but it does not do its job.
Bought this as an accessory to a game room I put together for the kids Christmas....First, the controllers have no indication if they are sitting/seeded properly. Second, it seems to only charge one controller at a time. If I sit one on and it turns red as if it is charging, then both lights turn green when I sit a second controller on. I don't play games, my kids do so they just connect a USB cable to the battery on the front of it when it gets low. I haven't had much time to troubleshoot, but there really isn't anything to it. I really don't think mine is working as expected. My kids say that the 2000mAh batteries hold a really long charge, but the charger station I think is useless.
It's fine but the reviews said it had a strap to stack on other luggage and it does not...
Great concept, fits the imac perfectly and avoids having to turn the unit around to access the ports on the rear. However in my case the sd card does not connect. Had to put the card into the unit's rear slot in order to connect. Otherwise a great looking unit
we sent it back to I power,it was defective, they repair the computer,we haven't recieved it back yet, I'm hoping for a 5 star review
So I got the motherboard and the gpu piece wouldn't come up so I figured I had to apply a little bit more pressure to the lever and it broke...
Sometimes have to hit keys several times before they work. When I review what I have typed. I find many missing letters. What a hassle!
Not even as fast as my Galaxy 10. Bought on the Amazon truck and it's going right back.
Extremely poor quality for gaming, upon arrival 4 keys did not work and the interior fell apart after a few weeks. 0/10 would not recommend.
way too bulky and heavy, takes a lot away from the sleekness of my ipad. the mechanism to make the case stand is to fold the cardboard cover into a notch in the back, which is kind of annoying and feels cheap. the cases with the hard plastic backs and softer covers also thru amazon have a neater standing mechanism and look much sleeker.
This wifi dongle is good for casual use but I would not reccomend for gaming since it only supports 2.4 GHZ and does not support 5 GHZ.ive had it for around 6 months and it started to disconnect randomly.
These worked for a while but then stopped saying it does not support the equipment!!!!! Wow!!! Don't waste your money!
Long story short, these are cheap for a reason. I ordered 3 of these, and after only a few months of use, one stopped working completely. The second either produces a corrupted image or loses sync to the monitor if i nudge it even the slightest bit. The third one works fine to this day (about 2 years). Overall, this is a very poor track record. Only giving two start because one of the three works as intended.
My case broke within a month of having it and this is probably my 2nd one. Overall a good case but broke within a month of having it.
Purchased this because Vizio Linked to it in their tech article about TRRS plugs. Does not work for Vizio. Not sure if it is due to the ground location or not since they have not posted a TRRS pinout for the cable.
Worked maybe 15 minutes, then quit seeing the monitor. tried different monitors , different cables. rebooting.
Maybe the USB receiver is defective, but the mouse is impossible to use. The only way I can get the mouse to respond is to place it within 2 inches of the receiver - that pretty much defeats the purpose of a wireless mouse. Finally gave up - the think will join other pieces of junk in the never to be used box. Ended up purchasing a $5 wired mini mouse from Walmart.
I have had this for less than 2 months, and it has stopped working. Nothing in the set up changed, just one day it didn't connect any more. And i don't use it that often, maybe once or twice a week for an hour or so. The speaker is fully charged; even plugged in, the speaker doesn't connect to the transmitter. it would only work in the TV headphone jack to begin with.
Not happy with this. Kinda Junk.
lasted just over 1 year. was hoping to get a lot more life out of these because they are otherwise great.
It's not very new, the box is not original and the original charger is missing, there is also some scratches on the screen.
Don't Waste Your Money unless you want to replace it after a couple months of very limited use. The only reason I am giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is that it did work for awhile. I thought I was one of the luck ones who didn't get a lemon. However, I was wrong. After a short while, my laptop would no longer recognize this piece of junk.
Very slow, screen came with little scratches on it.
While they hold a charge, they do not actually charge my phone while using it. I can say, it won't go under the percentage it already is when I plug it up....
This product doesn't last long.. It was fine for 1-2 months. later it's not working at all.
Looked nice but oh-so-disappointed. By the time we installed all of the updates, there's little to no room for anything else. Would NOT recommend. I can watch Netflix on it... so that's nice I guess.
Well it is supposed to be for a mini iPad 2 which is what I have but I have to take the case off in order to charge. I don't think the case is as sturdy enough. Love the look just does not fit right.
This product does not transmit data through both female ports. This makes the product a USB extender with an optional USB charging only port. What a stupid design. I'm only giving it two stars because it's on me that I didn't read the entire product description. It boggles my mind that someone thought this thing had to exist.
This box is loud and stays running after turning the Xbox off. I have to unplug it from the wall which is extremely annoying
Worked well for a couple months, came bent in the mail so it was felt weird on the head. The piece that goes into the controller you had to twist in order to hear anything, like a tuning dial although it shouldnt be like that. The only thing good about this is the cord is long.
This is the second Zagg keyboard that I have owned and the second one with a broken hinge. While I like the compact style, I have repeatedly had issues with the keyboard connecting to my iPad via Bluetooth. Wish I could recommend purchase of this, but I am steering clear of Zagg for my next purchase.
I got two of these. Speakers are quiet. Monitors will flash off with 'DisplayPort' for 5-10 seconds and flash back on. there are white speckles all over like pixels flashing on and off.
Poor quality. It wouldn't even hold my iPad mini up / kept collapsing.
These drives have consistent failures and have to be reformatted often. I have been using them as a continuous back up solution for a Unix boot device and they simply do not work well under this type of use. Due to the regularity of the issues, I would worry about storing any information that is important on them.
Cases flimsy and is already starting to come apart on the edges the holding area to hold the tab upright does not work well it has a tendency to fall quite frequently so you have to pretty much hold the tablet in place while using the case to try to hold it up.
The first one I plugged in broke apart. Not sure if they're safe to use.
Worked for about 10 minutes in phone, now will only work in computer.
These are a great small size, had trouble getting them to stick to my phone.
I bought this for an older computer with IDE ribbons instead of SATA cords thinking I could drop a SATA HDD to increase it's storage. Althought it initially recognized the drive, it dropped it from both Windows and the BIOS after a few restarts. I may have a BIOS conflict but it seems strange it would recognize a drive and then not recognize it at all. I'll try it again in Ubuntu and see if I get a different result--could also be Windows (7). The board is very well made and the pins were sturdy when I attached the IDE ribbon.
I bought the product for my son in February. It is already broken. Nit because of my son, but because the charging port just wont charge anymore. I've tried multiple cords to charge it including having bought new cords and it is not a cord issue. There is something wrong with the charging port. It is not getting a good charging connection. So, it is now useless. We cant use it. My son cant use it. Maybe if i contact the seller they could fix it. Unless they are nit able to, I'd say don't buy this product if it so easily breaks.
They got destroyed really easy.
I have had this extended storage device for about a month to expand my ps4 storage. At first it worked great but unfortunately now it causes my controllers to periodically move in a random direction. I have bought a new controller to see if the problem still persists and unfortunately it still does. Will be looking for another company for extended storage.
The power button flashes weirdly like there is something wrong with the wiring and the plugin ports like to disconnect my mouse or keyboard or anything I basicly put in them. I'm a bit disappointed but I like the look of the case. The front is metallic gold looking and I love that!
Was not difficult to install, however it drops wifi almost daily and I have to keep restarting the device. Extremely frustrating. I would purchase another modem/router device.
didnt help at all with glare
I'm so upset I've had this charger and it just stopped working I'm very angry because I ordered this not to long ago
Three shortfalls with this monitor. First, there are essentially no set-up instructions which you might not think is a big deal. It is with this monitor since I could not use the included cables..had to furnish my own hdmi cable. Check the available connections on your computer before ordering this monitor. The use of an hdmi cable leads to the second shortfall. It causes the picture to look very washed out due to some default calibration issue related to the hdmi port. I tried to download a utility to fix this but no results yet. The third shortfall is that the monitor is always going into power save mode if you leave it for a few minutes. Very annoying.
In the color clear, it's nice because it doesn't dampen the typing on the keys too much which can happen with some other more rubbery keyboard covers. My only complaint is that the fit isn't EXACTLY perfect which causes the cover to not lay perfectly flat on the keyboard. There's some lift and if you push that part down then another portion will lift slightly. It's not a huge problem it's just a little bit annoying.
First of all, I really wanted to like this keyboard. first one ordered wouldn't register a couple keys and the replacement that was sent to me started shorting out and flashing white rapidly (after about 3 weeks). keyboard itself is nice but just wish everything would work as advertised but this is probably due to a refurbished product. Maybe I was just unlucky but I think ill be moving on and buying something else brand new
If you don't mind replacing the adapter each year, it's a decent adapter. About 6 months in I started getting unusual Mac error / reboot issues caused by the faulty hardware. After a year it stopped working entirely, specifically the USB-C passthrough. Considering it's twice as expensive as competitors, I think I'll just pay half as much next time, if I'm going to have to replace it again each year.
We purchased this for a big rad trip to use with many electronics (iPads, phones, Switch). It seems well made enough, although obviously overpriced for mediocre craftsmanship (the usb input ports do not matchup on the plug adapter, so we have to jimmy them in - cheaply made). While this is really easy to install, my kids complained almost immediately about the long arm shaking the screen so much while he car in in motion. Because the metal bar is fairly small and long and not well stabilized, there is a lot of movement if it is extended out to the center of the vehicle, which is not great. On our first trial run yesterday, it worked alright (despite the shaking) for watching a movie on the iPad. We had secured it as tightly as we could in the holder, and it seemed to hold it pretty well. Then, about two hours in, my iPad just just suddenly fell out and tumbled to the floor of the car. So, needless to say, I was pretty frustrated. I'm not sure if it was just too heavy or if the springs just gave way, but I'm relieved we were using my old iPad and not something more expensive. We will try again (with some pillows underneath just in case!) and update on its use.
I bought this backpack because it was nice and compact and fashionable. After I received it one of the side zippers was broken and would get stuck. I decided to keep it and after 2 weeks of use all the other zippers broke and came apart. If you're looking for quality this is not the bag you want.
Very comfortable back pack with great compartments and looks sleek. Unfortunately 4 months after getting it, it's ripping at the seem. Can not find contact info for the company anywhere to look into any warranty. Does this company exist?
Slows down charge significantly compared to similar products. You get what you pay for.
The two usb type c ports where this lugs into the computer were not level enough to actually plug in. The device was useless.
The battery life on this product sucks.
Not a great fix with the hdmi
The cover I received seemed misshapen, as if it had been exposed to heat, and warped, so that it didn't fit the iPad well (which rattled around inside the cover). I was also badly scuffed, with a mark on the hinge, and two significant gouges in the plastic. The box in which it arrived had no damage, so I infer that this damage occurred before shipping, but the point is that it arrived in this condition. Hopefully, an aberration (hence two stars instead of one).
I use this to store a WD hard drive in a temperature controlled safe. It has not had any moisture or temperature concerns. The exterior material has cracked with essentially no use, just time. Around the zipper seams, the shell coating is cracking and coming off. Oddly the inside also had a residue on the clear plastic and on the elastic band. Received that way. Otherwise the fit, size and inside material is good.
Bought it in September 2017 for a Christmas present. On Jan 23 2018 the motor was worn out and rattles and it stops unpredictably and starts again from the beginning. Unfortunately the return time is from the day of purchase, not from the day of use.
My keyboard came in a damaged box and one of the keys is lifting too.
Very dim back-lighting, weighs about as much as a small bird i.e. it's cheaply constructed.
This product is advertised as a plug and play ethernet connection through your electric plugs. BUT this item was not plug and play, I had to call customer service for help and they said it should have worked. Should have is not what i SHOULD expect from a 70 dollar product. Buy at your own risk.
Unfortunately this upgrade isn't worth the time or effort. The dispersion of the single led on the ram isn't strong enough to saturate the inserts. Your best bet is to just buy ram with led's already installed on them.
This drive worked well for a while, but after 21 months it stopped working suddenly during a file copy and is now unrecognized and unreadable. I never had more than 30GB on it, so I can't state if it actually would have accommodated the full 120 GB if it had not died. This was the shortest lifespan of any name brand USB drive I've ever owned. I would not purchase another.
It was not big enough and it was way too small.
A L L USB are not usable and unstable sometimes, easily got disconnected, the wifi is also broken af, bluetooth, god damn bluetooth is the worst. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Definitely isn't shock proof. The screen on the iPad broke the first time my son dropped it.
Nice camera good price but my son seems to think there are other things that have to be downloaded in order to use it
Very nice idea but not thought completely through. The case is made well. But it needs better ventilation than it has. My now returned piece of crap Galaxy book began to overheat the very short time I put it in case. The entire purchase from computer to case was a nightmare. My lifetimes worse purchases. Unfortunately I took a big lost in cash for all the accessories I purchased for the computer. I was unable to return most of them.
it takes an act of congress to connect , no customer service phone or website, wanted to take a hammer to it but my friend rescue me and connected teck guy . work well, low rating on customer service availability not worth the hassle
I used for 2 weeks and the bluetooth connection no longer works. Poor quality.
EXTREMELY overpriced for its capabilities. I ran photoshop cc '18 & illustrator so I could work on graphics on-the-go. It just sucked. You're just paying for a fad gadget. Performance is mediocre at best. The display was amazing. Only reason I gave 2 stars.
I don't get why every review site rates this as the best wireless headset you can buy. The microphone quality is mediocre, but the sound is even worse. It's not that it sounds bad, but it's so quiet. You really can't turn it up enough to clearly hear footsteps, especially from far away. The max volume is very low. It's strange. It's also not very comfortable for me.
Looks like some one returned the one i got, literally looked like they took it from a warehouse some where and just threw it in a box, if I had the energy I'd send it back, just keeping it for emergency, seems to work okay though.
One of the controllers button wasn't working. It seemed to be stuck at times.
It wouldnt go down even no matter how times I tried. The cleaning prep wipes it came with were dried out and useless. Very cheap plastic with a lot of static for dust.
This was not very compatible with Macbook Pro Mid 2012. It did not have a key with the same function as the f3 key on my laptop which is crucial for mac. Would not recommend for Mac users.
I bought the case for my MacBook Air 11". Overall, I am not really satisfied. The entire product was not very useful. The design of the back case covers the hinge of the MacBook. Therefore, the Mac air can not go back all the way, it will hit the part of the case. This bad design is one of the main reasons for the 2 star review. Another thing is that the keyboard mat that comes with the case is also badly designed. When I have the backlit of the keyboard one with the keyboard cover, I am not able to see the keys that I am types. This is very inconvenient. I was on the airplane and the lights were down, I had to remove my keyboard cover in order to see the keys.
1) the magnets are visible on the top of the screen, it is disturbing 2) the screen looks blurry when you use it 3) and definitely the worst: it does not work well, it just reduce the light on the side and this with full light in the room. It is even worst when the room is dark (like in a meeting with presentation where the light are dimmed) Check the pictures if words aren't enough ;)
The angle is too strange when you put it up. Very easy to lean forward.
I purchased this item so that I could connect it to my car's USB. My car never recognized the device. It worked fine when connected to my computer. I had to return it and look for something else.
After nine months, the keys still work flawlessly and no paint has worn off. I thought I'd do fine once I got used to the oddball Enter key layout. I was wrong. Even after all this experience, I find myself typing gibberish because I haven't positioned my hands correctly by feel. The paint didn't wear off, but it turned gray on my most frequently used keys. At night, I'd have to turn the lights up just to see where to put my hands for touch typing. A detergent solution didn't seem to help. Neither did alcohol. Contact cleaner seems to have helped somewhat. If my desk were as well lit after dark as it is during the day, the graying wouldn't matter. I don't know why I keep being frustrated over hand positioning, but for me, some brands work better than others. I'll buy another keyboard and keep this for a spare.
Only 2 out of the 3 cords worked! So frustrating!!
It has bent out of shape. doesn't fit my Mac! ugh! Still use it to protect
does not come with the f key macros. it is a long story but i need those.
This adapter worked for about a year. I have tried installing different driver versions with no luck and have tried support forums. NOTHING. Now I use a different USB adapter.
Battery dies very quickly. I specifically tried to order the black and got the blue.
Didn't work with several monitors and computers. Not sure why, but the signal was never recognized. Would have been nice if it worked. Maybe it will with some other computers.
I bought several of these. A couple came with battery problems. Even after a couple of sunny days they wouldn't last long. Another issue is that many times small birds are not detected.
So I am traveling and tried on two TVs in two hotels. The hdmi plug does not work. It says no signal. Sadly my return window closed but I hope to call amazon after my trip and hope something can be done. - Update: I explained the situation to Amazon and I was able to get a full refund. Also, other people they say with this issue will be flagged and the product will be investigated. I'm seeing a few more HDMI not working posts now so check yours. If it doesn't work, lets get this off the market. - I purchased a new one from another company today. I was told it works, we'll see.
It was a really beautiful case and I got a lot of compliments. However, within two months after I put it on my laptop the back (where it clips on the laptop) broke and I could no longer use the bottom portion of the case. Good product but needs work.
I like this drive for the fact that it's a 7200 rpm drive for $179. But it freezes for like 5 seconds at a time at points during a game. One game I was playing I had to transfer it to the internal drive cuz this drive kept freezing up during a boss fight. Going to have to return this. Does anyone make a reliable 7200 rpm external hard drive? I'm bout to give up.
Good: Nice sleek design, blue LED that doesn't light up the room, and charged all my devices. Bad: Bought in August, and now, 5 months later, it doesn't charge. Blue LED is on, but no matter which cable I use or which device I plug in, it will not charge. Great price, I would of recommended it if it wasn't for it's durability issue.
I'm deeply unsatisfied with this laptop. I've had Dells before but because they were old, I thought it was natural to show some problems, but I've had this one for 3 months and it's been giving me even more trouble. First, two weeks ago windows crashed and I had to spend a day with dell support to reinstall windows. Now, it asked me to update windows and since then it's been super slow and if I close the screen, it won't turn on again, it only shows a black screen and a white one if I press any keys. Basically, it only works if I shut it down completely everytime I use it, otherwise it won't turn on. Honestly, I would like to return this computer and get my money back, and never buy a Dell again.
I have an Acer Aspire. I had bought a different battery but wanted to try this one. Battery life is LOW. I've had batteries that lasted 3-4 hours. This one.....This one tells you you have 3 hours left, and then in 1 hour, it's telling you you've got 10 minutes left. In 1 minute, your computer suddenly shuts down because of "low" battery life. It gets drained like crazy and you can't even rely on the computer's battery life projection. I will not use again. In fact, I'm going to buy a new one so that I don't have to use this one.
Really cool remote but after 3 months the battery life is down to about 90 seconds. I'm ordering a different one to replace it that uses AAA batteries for the same price.
Worked for two months. When it died under warranty, I waited over an hour to get through to tech support.
I like the case and the feel of the case. The keyboard cover fits just ok. Doesn't fit down on all the keys nicely but it's cheap and does it's job. I gave two stars because the mouse was missing from my shipment.
It was not compatible with windows 7 ultimate and Microsoft FS X version 10. It did not work !!! I sent many emails with Logitech but never received a solution.
It's ok the magnet is subpar would return but it doesn't allow for it so I will have to keep it and make it work.
I mean everything was good until I opened up the box to see there was a different one in it
Absolutely stunning case very happy with the style everything would be perfect but RGB lighting was not working believe that fan controller is DOA at any rate Amazon honored it all in his replacing all the fans and controller
Just like everyone else, the joints are very flawed and im disappointed that they are not very durable. I cannot suggest anyone to buy it nor will I every buy this product again.
The stylist part works fine, but the pen part dents easy or you have to retighten the pen part just so you can write with it very cheaply made.
I got this on May 23, 2019, and the keyboard keeps disconnecting / connecting on it's own randomly. When keyboard setup to use it doesn't connect as advertised. It takes a good minute or two for it to connect.
As twitchy as this trackball is, I found myself hovering my index finger above the ball when not actively moving the mouse pointer, which caused more tension in my hand a wrist and defeated the purpose of buying a trackball. Also, the position of the buttons and scroll wheel makes it more difficult to transition from using a traditional mouse. I returned this mouse and purchased the thumb controlled version.
Maybe I write fast? This does not track well. I would return it but I'm outside the return period. The only way for this to be effective for me is if I take notes very, very slowly.
Both my original keyboard that was shipped to me and the replacement keyboard both were missing the Bluetooth receiver. It should have been stored in the battery compartment I found this out online at Logitech
Audio cable failed after three days. Sound quality is so so.
Works ok but the roller wheel on the mouse broke after 3 months.
Bland case. It fits tight around new Mac air which is about the only nice feature. Otherwise pretty bland product.
This dose not work for the PI 3B+. There are four extra pins on the plus model that are not cut out in this case. Also one of the heat sinks is in a different place.
My case didn't come with the gpu thumb screw back panel also was kinda warped where the tempered glass meets the case and also one of the legs makes the entire case wobble
Sleep/wake function no longer works after less than a month. Disappointed.
Doesn't work that great and if you push too hard it can scratch screen. I wouldn't purchase again. Well made , but too pricey.
Wouldn't recommend this product, especially not for the price. Holes for camera, speaker, etc. do not line up properly. Also, it bubbles very easily and doesn't stick very well.
Wow. How can you mess up a breadboard? Well, the numbering system is totally misaligned. Letters are lined up, but the numbers aren't aligned to any pins. For instance, the 0 pin marker is printed between the 2nd and 3rd rows. And it'd be fine if the printed 5 was 5 pins away from the 0, but it's not. It's 4 1/2 pin rows difference. The breadboard works though, so it's not a zero star review.
This product broke the first time I tried to turn tablet
Volume was entirely too low. Wasn't impressed at all; returned them.
Usable but poor design or at least bad instructions "manual". Looks like they started from a single SSD adapter but decided to add another set of holes for 2nd drive. The problem is you cannot mount the "side wings" first as in the instructions and add the 2 drives, you cannot tighten the screws on the bottom drive due to no clearance for the screwdriver. If you attach the side wings to the 2 drives 1st and then try attaching to main bracket you can damage the drives since they may not be lined up to horizontal plane when tightening the side wings. One of the power connector fell apart when trying to plug in. The right-angle SATA cable might not work either since the mobo doesn't accommodate right-angle SATA pointing down (towards the case) and the 2 drives are too close together - you need to stagger the drives, the top closer to edge and bottom further in so the connectors are nested. You can also flip one drive so the SATA connectors are not lined up. Very flimsy metal.
The great tablet if it works. Tablet stooped working after 5 months, goes to boot loop with soft key reboot: ODIN mode. "One stop sell" got 30 days return policy and it cannot be replaced or repaired with manufacture too with advice "do not buy with third party".
It keeps freezing and turning off.once a blue screen came up and it didnt turn back on until the other day . It has crashing errors
Hard to install - very thin material
Was reviewed on several tech sites as best for distance and connectivity. Would not reach 35 feet to run my garage door opener. Bought the Linksys expensive 4 antenna one, seems to work well.
Battery will not stay charged even when I turn it off between uses. I cannot use it more than 2 days without charging it. I am only using it a couple of hours each of those days and I turn it off after I get where I am going. Very frustrating. This is my 2nd Rii. My other one that I use for hours daily, will only need to be charged about every 3 weeks. Very disappointed in this newer model.
The construction of the cables are nice however 2 out of 3 cables are not working. I've discovered numerous times my phone was not charging. When I tried the original cable that came with my phone I never experienced any issues..
They sound ok. They have a weird feature in which they turn off after inactivity. It's pretty annoying because it doesn't sense audio too well.
I didn't want to complain about it but I got sold a broken laptop and I didn't pay it to much mind cause I just need a new more capable laptop but now I look at it and it cause me more and more problems when I open it I just wish I would have gotten a brand new not broken laptop that was pawned off on me
Does not stay down and peels up to easily during gaming sessions.
Functional, but keyboard arrived warped and will not lay flat when typing.
The middle upper part of the connector, does not fit my lights. Had to modify them to make them work.
This keyboard is ridiculously loud and the keys press hard. I also wasn't a fan of how the labels on the keys were switched for many (for the shift option). I ordered a much quieter keyboard with softer keys! Just didn't work for my needs.
After using the player for four months the player started clicking while playing and recording music. Then it began skipping on every CD tried, both compilations made from purchases and original CDs. It is impossible to play or record at this point. All support for the product ceased in May. The player was purchased in February. Returns are no longer accepted. The primary reason for this purchase was to convert downloaded music purchases to CD so I could play them in my car.
It seems like a good product but its too small for thr tablet i ordered.
I've removed some stars from my previous review because of several key issues. These issues will not adversely effect an experienced Arduino builder but provide many pitfalls for beginners. The overall instructions leave something to be desired. Wiring diagram graphics are hard to see and interpret. Instead of providing solid connectors for the motors they must be loosely clamped in a block that is not sturdy. Many components such as the photoelectric eyes are not in one piece and no instruction is provided on how to wire them together properly. The wires on the motors are too small of gauge and soldered in a flimsy manner so that I had to repair and replace them so they wouldn't fall off. I found critical hardware missing and had to substitute my own or go without. In short I cannot recommend this kit. Better to spend a bit more, especially if a child is involved.
Honestly the only big problem I had with this bundle is the headset. The sound quality isn't really good but that wasn't my biggest issue. I couldn't seem to get the mic to work on my PC, not to mention I got it for my ps4 and didn't realize I needed an adapter to use the mic with it. The mouse and keyboard are great, keyboard came a bit dirty but wasn't too bad and doesn't hinder performance. Wouldn't mind keeping those and just returning the headset for one of equal value.
Product did not boot up out of the box. Had to reflash the SD card. Also the antenna was broken and would not transmit. After reflashing the SD card and putting my own antenna on it, it worked just fine.
I use this keyboard with my home computer where I work on graduate school work and sometimes work on things at home for my job. I've had issues with the caps lock randomly turning on and had to just disable the caps lock key. Recently, I've had issues where the 2 key is getting stuck. Nothing is ever physically stuck on but the keys are just being read as being pressed. It has a good feel and quality to it, but it's really frustrating to have these technical issues occurring.
I received it on time but very cheap and parts are broken inside of packaging. not sure if it is the unit or the drive but I believe it is the enclosure that is bad. Returning ti.
One of the chargers stopped working after about 3 months. The other two stopped working after 5 months. Frustrated I cannot return as it is past the 30 day mark.
Love the pen looks great felt good in my hands, it connected quickly. But man I'm on day 9 and still won't work there's two spots where battery's the back of the pen connects to the computer. The AAA battery in the front still doesn't work with my computer. Maybe it's just me that can't get it to work.
I plugged this in my MacBook Pro Model A1708 and it is loose and moving. Because it only attaches to one USB-C the hub is wobbly. Don't like it.
I couldn't stand to even touch the outside case of the computer. The texture of the case isn't smooth and to me, isn't pleasant to feel. I didn't get past trying to open it to see how the computer worked. I was very disappointed as this computer seemed to have everything I was looking for in a laptop. I have owned several Dell laptops over the years and have liked them, but since they changed the material for the outside case, I will have to look into another brand.
Really liked the case but the hinge broke with basic daily use after only a couple months of use....won't buy again
It works well the other way around, though. There's supposed to be a way to get the pics from the card to the phone, but it is definitely not intuitive. You are supposed to have an import button appear in the camera roll app (iPhone), but it does not appear. I am using an iPhone 8, so it is not a problem that stems from using an old phone. I still gave it two stars because I can use it as a card reader with my computer. It only gets two stars because it doesn't work as advertised and I could get a card reader that only works with my computer for 1/2 the price.
Used this product a few times since I got it. The first time the handle on the top ripped from the weight, and the second time the left shoulder strap began to rip. Incredibly disappointed with the quality. The space and functionality of it are good, but very lacking in quality.
I love the concept this product represents but it just didn't deliver. We were able to get as good if not better cell reception when our iPhones we're not connected to the device as when they were connected.
Get what you pay for. They're cheap so the quality is cheap
I really like this backpack a lot in form and function. It's a nice style. It's a shame that a front zipper broke after just three days of use where I didn't even have much in it. Such a bummer and now I have to go through the hassle of returning it. The rest of it looks nice still. I'm so disappointed.
Very nice case worth the money however it doesn't have a space to connect the UBS . When you have to charge your tablet you will have to leave the cover open so to connect the UBS cord to the tablet.
The case itself is very sturdy and light weight. Durability of the actual case is good. It's the piece there to support it to sit up that breaks and falls off VERY EASILY!! It does so all the time. Eventually we just got another case that the stand would work.
I only gave it 2 stars because it really was my bad, not the product. I don't like it only because I kind of order the wrong thing and it doesn't work for me as I thought it would. I'm not a gamer so I didn't get the benefits it offer. My bad, not the mouse or Amazon!!
Bought two of these computers as the listing stated they were touchscreen. One of them is and the other isn't. I feel soooo frustrated and upset as I paid full price on them both because of that feature
Great headset. However it is faulty. The port where it charges is very touchy. They wanted me to send them back but then I would be without a headset.
Very static like when recording. Records at a much lower volume than regular voice. Not bad, but don't suggest for anything important.
I have a new alienware 17" laptop and it fits so tight in the bag on one side that I am afraid the zipper will break or scratch the corner of the laptop. I have tried it in forward backwards upside down and in no way does it fit properly. You would think that an alienware laptop bag would fit an alienware laptop! I am returning it and not sure if i will consider this bag, it also doesn't have anywhere for the power supply to fit. Maybe this one has poor build quality because the other side fits ok.
No longer working after 6 months.
Lightning plug sunk down in just over a month and the adapter was unable to be repaired.
The metal parts to this rolling table weren't in the best of shape when it was unpacked. The metal legs were rusting and there was a considerable amount of dust on the metal parts. One of the cylinder/rounded legs was malformed and oblong shaped at the end. I was able to bend it straight and I fixed the oblong end with a pair of channel-locks. The metal rails that are connected to the table were poorly wrapped in a foam wrap. The foam wrap was pinched between the table and rails. I would have had to unscrew the table to get all the foam out, but I took a shortcut and cut it with a box knife. For the most part, installation is pretty easy. However it's possible that you might come across damaged parts which could make installation difficult or impossible.
disconnects frequently and 8-hour max battery life
Product is ok. Customer service not so much. Hd kind of flops around in the base. Description online states it supports SSD however nothing on the instructions, documentation, or product show this. I have not tested the SSD as of yet so I sent a message to seller about the actual support of SSD. However i never received a response. I have recieved three emails from them soliciting a review but no actual support. At this moment they seem more interested in reviews than support. The reason i asked about SSD is it really not i will return it. I will consider updating review if they give me the courtesy of a response
Connection very LOOSE. Comes out at the slightest movement. Not happy!
It works, and it gives me roughly twice the running time that the factory battery did when it was new. I'd call this an upgrade. BUT....... Update: After about 13 months the battery won't run for more than 1 hour. I notice that all the 5-star reviews cover short amounts of use, maybe a month or so. Seems this battery doesn't last long.
Not good. Product overrated
When I first received this cover, I was extremely happy with it, however I have not had it 6 months and the hard plastic over the volume has broken off making it difficult to raise and lower volume. Also, the case hinge per say has cracked and is about to split in half. My first case was from Apple, and though it was expensive, it lasted about 3 years or more. If you don't mind buying numerous cases, this one is for you, but if you'd like the case to last a while...don't purchase this one.
could not install while online with your wifi
What I didn't see or pick up from any other reviews is that each time you open the case and want to use the iPad, you need to remove the keyboard and reposition it lower so that the ipad can be tilted in viewing position. Then when you are finished, you must again remove and reposition the keyboard so that you can close the case. The keyboard is held in only with a magnet and there are no guides to key the keyboard aligned with the case, so moving and repositioning it becomes very awkward. The magnet is strong, however the keyboard still fell out once. The keyboard is plastic in a plastic casing. A features list included in the packaging says the keyboard is aluminum. Not sure if there aren't any aluminum parts inside the keyboard, but all visible parts are plastic. I REALLY wanted to like this case, but it is simply too awkward to open, use, and close.
Fits well, but bubbles persist. Main problem is with FaceID, once the protector is on, faceID becomes useless. The iPad will tell you Camera Covered. That's the main thing that made me reject this. Did I put it on wrong? Put on opposite side? Missing a layer somewhere? No idea, the instructions are as barebones as they come.
Seams started pulling apart within the first 2 mths. That was with minimal use. Had to go back to my old one.
Keyboard worked great but the Mouse stopped working the second day I used it.
It charges the ipad with a lightning cable inserted into it, but will not read anything else plugged into it like a storage device with a lightning connector
The moment I turned on this laptop, it would lag and freeze. Once I got into the desktop, everything would do the same, opening up task manager or changing the wallpaper, it would lag and freeze. Sent it back for a replacement and same thing. The SSD is fast, but it would reach 100% sitting idle or just opening google chrome. I would not recommend it. I only bought it because of the decent reviews, none is that it lags.
Lot of issues trying to get certain apps to run. Had to do substantial troubleshooting.
I have had this for 2 weeks. Let's start with the screen protector. The screen protector is stretched out and integrated into frame. After you take the screen protector off that you already bought, the frame-stretched New Tent protector goes on easy enough, but the adhesive is too week or the screen is stretched too tight so it doesn't stick completely. The other issue with attached screen protector is if it gets scratched you have to replace the whole thing, or just cut it out and put on a regular one. The leather strap is high quality, and the multiple locking swivel angles feel sturdy, but the kickstand gets caught in the strap. I went through two $15 clip-in covers that protected the face with a flap that folds into a stand, that broke at the corner after multiple drops, with no damage to my iPad. The clip-in covers are also less than half the weight of this cover.
Worked great for about 6 months and now will not charge. And to make it even better I have final exams this week that I need my Mac for but I have no way to charge it.
As stated the software that comes with this is as bad as it goes. I was expecting to be able to fully customize the buttons however not only can you not do that, the interface software doesn't recognize any of the side buttons on the customizable sides. Do not recommend this product at all, pony up an extra 15 bucks and get a razr instead.
The case broke in two places when I was assembling it. The fasteners for the fan are ridiculously inadequate. They are some kind of Rube Goldberg (Google him) press fit design that did hold nearly tight enough. What's wrong with nuts and bolts people? I bought it for the integrated camera mount and I did like the hinged lid. I returned it though.
After finally getting all of my parts to put together a computer, i turn it on and nothing happens. Fans are spinning, of course, but my monitor still shows no signal. After around three hours of troubleshooting, i finally see the problem. The ram. Originally, i would've used to sticks of 8gb ddr3 ram. But because of the mobo, i could only use the one. Overall, don't recomend.
The screen is very visible at any angle once you are within a couple of feet. For those of you buying this for privacy, look elsewhere.
Recieved item a day early but the front end of it was crushed and damaged beyond use.
Keyboard is pretty quiet. The windows key stopped responding after less than a month. I use that key a lot so that's a huge bummer.
I purchased this and it worked perfectly for about 4 months. Then the arm started to get weak. I have to prop it up now to hold it in position
I purchased this less than two months ago and it is already ripping at the strap. this is only my second work trip with this bag. I have only been carrying my laptop, a reading book, and a thin notebook. I'm so disappointed because the backpack itself is super cute.
I bought this to use on a Windows 7 machine... in face being it was cheap.. I got two. Well.. neither one worked.... GRRRRRRRRR.... Tried it on my phone with a mini to standard USB .. .didn't expect it to work there and it didn't... So.. plugged into my Windows 10 machine... BINGO.. works great on that one. STOP ADVERTISING THIS WORKING ON WINDOWS 7 IF IT DOESN'T. AND IT DIDN'T.
It lasted a month and a half, then wouldn't hold a charge.
I purchased this keyboard for use at work. The tenkeyless design fits on my lap desk very well (to eliminate wrist issues). The battery can go for a week between charges so I just plug it in on Fridays. Unfortunately, after just nine months, I have keys which don't respond like they should. Specifically, the enter key only works about 60% of the time now - this is incredibly frustrating. The price of the keyboard is pretty reasonable, but not if the keys are going to give out on me with less than a year's use.
Ordered in March and two have already broken (2 months). Will try another brand.
I've had this just over 4 months and the cover is coming off of the screen. It looks like it should just pop back on but it won't. I took it to a local computer repair place and they say it will cost more to fix it than it's worth. Super bummed at the quality. I thought it would at least have a 1 year warranty but looks like it only came with a 30 day warranty.
My laptop only has 2 USB ports, so the Bluetooth connection on this mouse freed both of them up...so I could use an external DVD player and a Printer or what ever at the same time. When I did the initial set-up, I had to jump through hoops and try several times before the computer could find the mouse. Pairing was then simple, but I had to click on the connection button multiple times and reboot and press the connect button on the mouse before it finally connected. Once everything was connected and working, I thought my trouble was over. But...the mouse won't wake the computer up from standby. Once the computer goes into standby, I have to go through using the keypad to activate the mouse again. A couple of days ago, It just plain quit working. I recharged it, and did everything I could think of to get it connected...to no avail. So, It will join the other old mice in my drawer of dead mice.
Was not impressed. Bought it for the SD card reader and not only did the cards barely fit (had to use an uncomfortable amount of force to get the card in) but my pc didn't recognize that media had been inserted. Tried several cards to no avail. Also the blue light was obscenely bright and distracting.
Worked for like a month , and it just stopped working as I did no damage to it
The product is slow and quirky, locks up and poor touch screen. I have geek squad on it many times still happening. Wish I could send it back but we took it on an extended trip and it was nit possible.
I think the product itself is great, doesn't look cheap. As soon as I put it on I immediately noticed that the keys don't line up. I do not recommend this product. The keyboard looks very trippy
Android boot will not connect to wifi...its useless. Windows boot spent the first 4 days updating software. Waste of money.
Worked for a year on a security camera system but then it just died.
As I have gotten used to the sensitivity of the glide pad, it has proved much faster than my previous Windows 7 computer. However, from the start (last October), the screen has had problems (see attached picture). The problems have only gotten worse. I wondered how hinges that bend all the way around would work. I found out quickly. Hopefully you don't have problems with your computer as I have.
It does protect the tablet but it doesn't stand on its owe because the tablet is too heavy for the type of material it's made with. Even if it stood the clamp would be in the way of the screen!
Had windows 10 installed and couldn't install updates as not enough memory.
I LOVE the design. I HATE that it won't prop up at any kind of angle...bummer.
It's pretty, it fits, the clear plastic bottom is nice, however, within the first few days one of the corners bent. I always put it in a padded case before I take it with me. Worse is I tried to email the company (who will send you numerous (4-5) emails asking how the product is, but won't return your email if you have a question or problem.
You can't plug two of these side by side into a MacBook Pro or MacBook Air. The housing is too wide. That was disappointing to find out.
My husband says that the controllers are useable. Blue controller will be completely charged and will still go out, will Only stay on with cord connected. Black controller doesn't work at all.
It lasted maybe 3 months, if that, before short circuiting. It was nice while I had it though.
This is the worst headset I've ever used. The sound quality is atrocious for anything but a direct phone call. Music through it sounds like one of those cheap handheld radios from the 1950s. The mic is NOT noise-cancelling. It picks up every single background noise around, and people on my calls keep complaining about all the "background noise", which is nothing more than the faint sound of climate control vent 30 feet away. This was supposed to be a replacement for a "cheap" $30 Mpow headset, but the Mpow blows this thing away in every possible way (except the wireless) in both voice and audio. This Logitech makes the Mpow sound like a $1000 headset. I also have a cheap $44 Blackweb (Walmart) headset which is also far superior to this Logitech. I'm sending this thing back ASAP for a replacement to see if I just got a bad unit.
Constantly have to re-pair the headset which takes 30-60 seconds. Have to plug and unplug the jack into the TV between use. When they work it's awesome. Just a lot of effort EVERYTIME you want to use them unless they are always set up for headset. I would not recommend. I am searching for a better solution
would not buy again.
Already cracked after a couple of months of light use. Not impressed After using a few more times I can conclude that I do not like the feeling of the hard plastic that wraps around of the case when I type. I will be looking for another case
Good power supplies should last 7-10 years. If you go for this item, definitely get the extended warranty.
Reviews said wireless is flaky, but I bought it anyway to extend coverage from downstairs to upstairs. What I did not anticipate is how frequently the signal drops (my old Linksys would drop maybe once every few months) but this router drops in terms of minutes, not hours, weeks, or months. It disconnects my Avast VPN which has to keep resetting, and messes with my browsing when all of a sudden "internet unavailable". I kept it to use for printing and for connecting to my online Synology drive on this router's ip subnet, and I have my TV hard-wired to it. For all else I use my modem for wireless or my Iphone hotpot out of necessity. So, if anyone is looking for more, or has to rely on a single wireless router avoid this one..
Would not install on USB 3 port
Good: Slim and sleek Nice look Does the job Holder for stylus Bad: Does not always put tablet to sleep when covered (weak magnet?????) The folding of the case is unstable (tablet will sometimes fall while case is in "stand" position) Case feels floppy at times
Even though the item installed on a PC, it was a bit werid. It didnt work until I rebooted after installing the driver. Once that happened, there are no controls on the PC to turn the bluetooth on or off (that I could figure out, and I am not a novice computer user). To turn off the Bluetooth, you just have to remove the USB from the PC. Hope this helps someone else to get it to work.
It's known that these Acer models have backlight bleeding but some are much worse than others. Mine is pretty bad compared to what I've seen to youtube, so I will be exchanging my laptop. Make sure to do a backlight bleed check (by making the background all black or go to youtube and use one of their backlight bleeding vids. The specs and the build quality itself are amazing for the Helios - but the screen seems to have some quality issues.
The fitting is okay and It will protect your keyboard from dirt or spills, but it will make your typing experience in worst as you can imagine. The sides of the key cut out is very hard which makes hard for pressing, you have to put much force at center of each key to get pressed. If you bought already I would suggest to remove when you are typing. If someone is typing on daily basis and does typing work a lot, then this is not for you.
I have so many RAM PRODUCTS spanning over 25 years......the suction cup keeps dropping of the windshield.....can't afford to break my $700 phone
This backpack is surprisingly small inside, and it's extremely difficult to actually fit normal sized things into it. I'd have moments where I can't even fit my basic college materials inside to go to class, and would have to either shove things inside or leave something behind. It also annoyed me that the bag has no balance whatsoever. You'd put the backpack standing up, and would fall over, even if you're leaning it against something it'll still fall the opposite direction, and it's just annoying. The material is also pretty low quality because I've only had this backpack for a short period of time, and the black plastic-fabric material is already breaking off on the corners. The one good thing about this backpack though, is that it is useful when traveling because it can just sit on your luggage with the luggage handle strap. I'm also currently looking for another backpack, so that should say something after only a few months of having this one.
The ports are so shallow as to not fully seat with the body of the micro-USB, causing a wobbly connection point. This has caused several breakages.
Loved the color and white keys but.....BEWARE-the right shift key is very small and one easily hits the arrow keys. Had to return because it wasn't function at all.
Mine vibrates and that's causing it to be way too loud on a really quiet mastering studio room even tho performance is excellent.
it is peeling already
I have an Ipad Air 2. This case is a perfect fit. It looks good, and I have received several compliments on it. I have used the case for about 6 weeks, and it is literally falling apart. The case has not been abused. I plan to replace with a much more durable Bear Motion case similar to the one I previously owned. Some of the 4 and 5 star reviews on this item are possibly written by new purchasers who have not used the product for any length of time. I would not recommend this case.
This is a powersource only and must be plugged in to a wall socket at all times to work. This is NOT A RECHARGEABLE BATTERY FOR RECHARGING OTHER DEVICES - once you unplug it from an electrical socket you cannot use it to charge anything (it does not store power). BEWARE the reviews for this product are misleading. The reviews are for other products that do act as a backup battery source from which you can recharge other devices. I believe that since this product is included as a component of other products the vendor sells the vendor is allowed to include those reviews here as well which is really confusing.
Does not match the color displayed in the photo. Much darker. Pretty cheap quality but I expected that.
It's better to buy a Amazon tablet and download google play store on it.
This brand is not made well, and the prong connections bent.
Great looking case, but does not hold up. I have bought twice, both times the hard plastic frame cracks on a corner. Two stars for looks but horrible durability. And this is not due to dropping iPad. Just cracks on its own over time.
Processes much slower than expected ! Not happy with results
If you have a case with a pen holder, I would not purchase this. It just makes it bulky. I opened the pen holder and it had a sticky yellow substance on it. I was gonna return it, but it says no return. Only get it if you really need it.
I bought this because I travel a lot and tired of packing my hard plastic USB keyboard in suitcase. However, it has been 48 hours and I am still struggling with how hard and what spot on the key to press to type the letter I need. It takes literally 2.5 min to type what is in this comment box so far. Either the letter is not coming up or it comes out 2-3 times. Frustrating.
Specs says it takes 1- AA battery. Opened the mouse up and it takes 2 - AAA batteries. Had the description been correct I would have ordered some AAA batteries. Now I have to wait to use the mouse. It also says it comes with a manual. There's no manual. Once I can actually use it I may change the stars.
My tablet didn't feel secure while using the hand strap. It fit the table fine, but I felt the elastic had too much give i it that I had the sensation my hand was going to slip out.
Z rotation is jumpy, won't center. Messed up after only a few months of use. Waste of money.
Each one only lasts a couple of weeks The rubber(?) gets too soft
Well, it came in real fast. Seems nice and strong, but it was missing an important mounting screw. So I had to go to the local hardware shop to get another. Also a plastic cable holder was snapped in half. Aside from that seems pretty good.
I ordered two of these mounts and am sending them back. I found that this mount has very limited flexibility when mounting two 27" monitors. The first issue is that I'm using a desk that is not full depth. That places the monitors inches from my face. The other issue is that there isn't a lot of space between the monitors to maneuver them into a workable configuration. I found this mount to be very frustrating. I was also unimpressed with the overall design and quality of this mount. The caps, for example, are pretty much impossible to remove without breaking the tab. There isn't a great way to get your finger in there and, if you can, the plastic is so incredibly stiff that you won't be able to release it. One of the worst things about the overall appearance is the presence of 3 Amazon Basics labels on the unit. These can't be removed without exposing aluminum. While I do like many Amazon Basics product, it's not something that I want to show off. They should be a bit more discreet with that. I wouldn't buy anything that I know has such labeling. I'm going to go with two single Ergotron mounts. I believe the quality will be better and using two single mounts will probably give me a bit more flexibility.
does not fit my Ipad. too slim and too long. Gave to my mother-in-law. Hopefully she can use it
I guess you get what you pay for. I bought this back in April 2018, and now 7 months later in November, it does not charge any longer, and sometimes when you plug it in, it makes a "tick" sound like a timer.
I bought this battery because my laptop had a "plugged in but not charging" issue and after 1 month of use the battery is not charging any longer. I was hoping it would last longer than this...
I thougth I was geting a new older model enterprise hard drive. They look more like I got refurbished older model enterprise hard drives that were rode hard and put up wet. So far so good, but I don't trust them and have since made sure that either I know it is a brand new drive, or I order hard drives from a different source.
not very good. the tip is very crappy for ipads
The sensor in my experience and many others just dies. While using the mouse the sensor will stop and stutter around and jump a lot even with full battery and being plugged in this issue is still there. Bad sensor
Very poor quality for a child's case
Wore out this mouse pad with two months of gaming, disappointed in the quality of the hardness overall. The pad comes with little ridges/ texture over the surface, that initially is very nice to play on, but the center of my pad is smooth now and the transition from smooth to textured slows movement down considerably. I realize I use more downward pressure than I probably need to, but that's my style.
Broke and wont turn on actually fell apart never dropped it and doesnt have an official Windows OS
It was way too stiff for me to work with. Did not work well at all. I returned it and got a simple stand for my phone instead.
Let me start by saying that this is indeed a high-quality cooler, which is rare these days. Durable and the legs don't actually break with my laptop weight. I'd give this thing 5 stars even though the color stuff is a bit funky with buttons instead of software. The real thing I take issue with is this taking up two usb 2.0 ports. My Alienware has two USB 3.0 ports, one of each side of the laptop, and two USB 3.1 C ports, one on the side and the other in the back. There was just no way to use the quality cooler with the "y" split power cable they provided without a usb hub and more out of pocket cost. This is ridiculous as a single USB 3 cable would have sufficed and frankly, I'm tired of companies dragging their feet on this standard that's been around many many years now. Thermaltake it's Nov 2018, almost 2019. Please get with the times and make a USB 3.0 cable so you don't need to use two USB ports up. If you wanna include a 2.0 "Y" cable for the people with old laptops that's fine, but it should not be the only thing you provide.
I purchased the NASA and space stickers... horrible quality, due to not being vinyl. These were paper and the ink saturated it, badly. There were many squared stickers that weren't die cut and they just don't look as good, but really, I'm upset that it says vinyl and they're definitely not.
Looks cheap and smaller for my 13 inch MacBook.
It doesn't fit the computer model I have.
For me, it was too hard to get used the the round keys, my fingers kept sliding off to other keys.
This mouse has the perfect shape and design but it has a significant flaw: the sensors keep registering movement when you lift it and move it over the desk to reset its position, etc.
They might work well I'm not sure, I opened my box with these fans and my power supply and there were no screws and the box for the fans was open and the little screw driver was jabbed into my power supply box.. I did hook one up and it kicked on.. but none of my case screws fit the large holes so I'll have to wait and find screws I guess..
If you get a 'used like new', you will most definitely have lots of issues. Both my boyfriend and i got one of these and he had to keep uninstalling and installing drivers, whether it be the fingerprint sign-in or the wifi driver. There is always some issue.
Way to many buttons that I thought I could get used to but i feel now that it's impossible to reach or get used to any all buttons. Very heavy and awkward to hold other than that it's ok.
Doesn't work good have to hold it down with something to make it work
I bought this two years ago and last year it just stopped turning on! It started with the screen just going black and then green flashes then one day it just wouldn't turn on. I've been to multiple computer shops in my area and nothing. I also unfortunately couldn't return it because I've had it for so long so now it sits in my room collecting dust. It was nice while it lasted, but it should have lasted a lot longer.
Too bulky , but sturdy...
Don't love. The mouse and keyboard keys are loud and make it less than optimal for working in an open setting. Wouldn't buy again. However, simple set up (as expected).
When it worked, it worked well. After a couple of years, it gave up the ghost in dramatic fashion. I'm not quite sure how or why but it died. This has been at the back of my desk an not been moved for almost 3 years. Starting several months ago I started having issues with usb peripherals not loading correctly or getting interrupted during a sync process. Since I never plugged in or unplugged cords from the hub I assumed my computer was dying. Turns out it was the protracted death of a Anker USB hub. All my other hubs are still working fine. I assumed these things would last forever if ignored. I was wrong.
i really wanted this dock to work, i've been looking forward to the one cable solution for video, accessories, and charging, but it frequently just makes the video lose connection and is really unreliable. I've tried changing cables and switching between the display port and usb c ports, but its the same issue. Eventually i just get fustrated enough to just hook the hdmi to usb-c cable to my macbook, but i could've bought a cheaper dock to handle just the accessories.
I bought it for my wife's laptop. She started complaining about sensitivity and jumping the mouse cursor once in a while. It's cheap made as well. The connection gets established very slow every time you restart he operating system. Usually takes 3 to 5 seconds to get back alive
Works well but the 2 pack isn't actually a 2 pack. I only got the rainbow one and not the clear one.... other than that the quality seems good. It is thicker than other protectors I've had but it fits well and is very protective.
Was excited to set up the Canakit until it kept hanging while running Ubuntu MATE. It is possible I received a defective unit but I didn't take any chances and returned it. Used the image recommended by Canakit and reinstalled numerous times on various MicroSD cards (including the one that is provided in the kit), still no luck. Was going to use it for a basic application but moved on into investing in a intel NUC, save yourself and spend the extra dollars to future proof yourself.
difficult to apply, better to opt for a tempered glass protector!
Bought it in January and loved having the long cords but by April the 6 ft and the 10 ft cord shorted out. The 10 ft cord sometimes charges very slowly but the phone doesn't recognize that it's charging anymore. The 3ft is used in the car and so far its done just fine. I'm disappointed the longer ones shorted out so quickly.
Side buttons were messed up. Package was opened and removed The warranty slip and set up slip
Great idea.. highly doubt if they put this product through testing. Wires pulled and became exposed within a month of use..one light stopped working immediately...in time all faded out. Fans....one side never worked unless you tapped on it a few times. Eventually stopped working all together. Product did not last more then 3 months.. would not recommend purchasing. Get a better product in the dollar store.
Can't recognize HDMI - worked about a dozen times over a four-six month period and then refused to detect an output from any of three laptops. Guessing I got a lemon based on the other reviews.
The charger came as expected, but didn't work. The LED light doesn't work, and it only seems to charge when put in a specific way. If any movement of charger, the laptop will stop charging. Wouldn't recommend buying it.
When this ;product was functional, this was an amazing all in one adapter for my workstation. However, even out of the box the USB-C charging slot had minor malfunctions. Within less than a month with minimal wear and tear my computer does not recognize the dongle anymore and notifies me that the USB extensions have been disabled because of excess power draw. After a couple SMC and PRAM resets, I can safely say that my computer refuses to acknowledge that an adapter is even attached. For $80 I'd recommend doing more research and finding adapters with more longevity. Good product while it lasts, don't expect it to last long however.
As a freelance traveling bookkeeper, having a number pad is essential. This is the second time I had to purchase one this year. I purchased this one specifically (after previous one broke after 3 months) because there was a coupon, prime day special and most importantly an = sign. crucial! the only thing I wish I knew was how to program the calculator button with my Apple laptop. super pleased. UPDATE: The usb broke off in my laptop and is no longer useable :( Second number pad I've bought off Amazon this year that has fallen apart the day or two after the return window closed.
This product was not what you represented on your website
Not a true core I5 (quad core). The charger is generic and just blew ( literally almost started an electrical fire). Touchpad is faulty at times. Maybe you might have better luck. I did not. Overall, computer wise it is decent. Would rather spend an extra 100$ on a true i5 non refurbed laptop with a manufacturer charger that wont blow.
Worse than what I expected
I was putting the case on gently and a piece chipped off and then another the piece broke. A week later the white grips came off.
This case looks like it provides great all-around bump and scratch coverage for my series 3, which is exactly what I am looking for. However, I noticed immediately that touching the screen is severely affected through the bumper. I have to press and swipe with much greater force for the watch to detect gestures. This is a deal breaker for me. Also, this case is a bit on the harder side to put on/take off, which can be a hassle after building up a little perspiration during exercise. With these downsides, I am probably going to forgo a bumper for a pure screen protector.
Only lasted 5 months before the wire got flaky just as it leaves the charger. Thus the 2 stars. Otherwise I failed to notice that it doesn't come with an AC power cord (my fault, not the product), so if you are expecting a power cord, move on.
My daughter specifically asked for this case for Christmas. Less than three months later and the hinge is broke and several keys don't work. She loved it for two months but now it's unusable and past the time allowed to return it. Very disappointed. Update: I was contacted after my initial review and offered a replacement at no charge. I received it today and it appears to be an updated design. Time will tell if it's more durable but I greatly appreciate the effort on the company's part. Update 2: Same thing happened, this time it happened after 7 months. The hinge broke in half and she's left without a case.
It's only been 5 months with this keyboard with low to moderate use during that time. There are already two keys/switches that are starting to stick. It doesn't make it impossible to type, but it is very frustrating. In addition, my first impression of the keyboard was meh. The overall build quality seemed good - I liked the metal top of the keyboard. However, the feeling of the keys has just always been cheap. It is also very easy for the keys to come off of the switches and can sometimes be problematic during gaming or typing. For what it's worth, I bought a Code TKL mechanical keyboard for work at roughly the same time as this Corsair. The Code keyboard gets used at least 10x more than this keyboard has and is standing up just fine and feels way more solid.
Causes my iMac to disconnect from wifi...no idea why but I tested everything and as soon as this splitter is plugged in, wifi connection drops.
Works. Have had it for a few days. Won't fully charge to 100%.
For what you have to go through, I found it wasn't worth all the trouble.
Not sure whether this was intentional, but many cables were uneven (some sleeves were thicker, some were thinner). This made it especially hard to find combs to fit them. My 24 pin mobo cable was also VERY hard to plug in (I've plugged in many ATX cables from my days of PC building, but this was ridiculous)... Pricing is too steep (considering the myriad of custom cable options).
You kinda got to yell for it to pick up your voice
Purchased this device in early September. Operated very effectively and quietly for 3 months. Now it constantly connects and disconnects and it is evident that the usb connection is failing. The force of the fan seems to be deteriorating also. Am disappointed to only have gotten 3 months worth out of it.
After only a short time the magnets holding the flap closed broke off the frame. Poorly made and not worth the money.
I have used both stylus for the last 2 weeks. Loved them both at first, they have a great weight to them and the dual tip is very useful. The reason for the 2 stars is because both stylus broke. In the center where the grip ends it's glued to the piece where you unscrew the pen. Both stylus are broken now because the glue failed. I tried to superglue it back together but the plastic and medal only touch in a small area so any pressure on the stylus and it separates again. Pretty big design flaw.
The quality of the product seems good so far. But unfortunately, it was falsely advertised. According to the description, this unit I ordered is supposed to be a 6 in 1 unit. But I received a 4 in 1 unit. So although I truly like the look and quality of this device, I'm upset that I was shipped something very different than what I ordered.
The tablet was good, but the peg where you plug in the cord has broke off. I have lost approx $300
Does not seem to be able to handle multiple USB devices being attached at the same time. My screen flickers constantly at the slightest movement of my desk/laptop.
It needs either a huge heatsink or a very strong fan to keep it cool, or both. And when I say huge, I do mean huge. I found it would sufficiently dissipate heat when attached to a large aluminum pot. As this isn't practical, I rated the product 2 stars. It does work, but it's not really useful to keep anything cool. I suppose it might make part of a curious science project, but not much else. If you don't ensure the hot side dissipates its heat efficiently, the entire cooler will get very hot, rendering it worthless.
I ordered and received this product at the beginning of dec. It lasted until the middle of Jan, then fell off while in my pocket. I'm ordering another one. I'll see if maybe I just got a bad sticky-back the first time. $8 is way too much to pay (twice) for a defective product that cost 25 cents to make.
Bought the wrong item because it is unclear to what connector (my drive is an M this product is a B) this one had. Im sure it works fine but its useless for me. The enclosure is nice. Count the pins on the small side. But this one if you have 6 there. Look for an M connector if you have only 5.
Not flattering for small female faces
It was the wrong size for my Ipad.
Had excactly what i was looking for port wise, but fell short - i had 2 units, 1 that wouldnt recognize the usb that i would plug into it, and the other that wouldnt scale resolution past 1080p (even tho the other supported 4k like its supposed to). had to return both, v disappointed.
Looks awesome but it doesn't track well with my Logitech g600 mouse. Seems like something is stuck over the eye of the mouse but it never is. I think it's something with the dragon logo like others have said.
REALLY hard to remove the iPad if you don't want to use it because that side of the case is thin plastic
It was difficult to store music & or videos.
When I first attached it to my laptop, I left it sitting with my laptop on top of it over night so it could be firmly attached.. yet it kept coming off in my backpack the next day after I had repeatedly attached it back onto my laptop. Although I will say, I'm not sure if it was my laptop silicon case that wasn't permitting it to stay on, but when I did have it on, typing with it felt amazing.
I just bought this charger in April and it's already dead. When it was working, it worked well but it died suddenly and without warning. No damage.
Not a fan...They SORT OF hold my ipad on the wall but have failed once or twice. Don't plan on having any cases or it will not fit right either...especially a case with a apple pencil holder. Ipad has come crashing to the ground twice.
This is a kid's edition and i bough it as a present for my 5 year old son. From the first day of normal use we can see scratches starting to form on the screen. After 2 months the tablet slipped from my son's hands and hit his knees, the screen developed several cracks and is unusable now. Yes a drop from 2 feet into his knees was enough to crack the screen which shows it is a very low quality screen. The battery life is not good, it does not last more than 3-4 hours of game/youtube use and tablet is also very slow. The case it comes with looks very solid and it does come with books and a kid's section as mentioned in the description.
i have had the chair for about 5 months and the hydraulic lift portion does not function any longer. extremely disappointing considering how cool the chair looks.
Great very easily defiantly cheap
I just received this item and it is working. However, it does not have the breathing led function as advertised. It remains a solid green.
Stop working after 6 months
Not very adjustable. Disappointing.
I have purchased other products from this company and they have worked fine. This adapter was defective leaving the warehouse, sometimes it happens. It won't stop me from ordering another product from them in the future if needed, however I did return this particular adapter and ordered from a different company. No hassles on the return process, was quick and painless. My new, from a different company, adapter works great!
Found out one of the fans was a piece of junk and began to make a loud noise like a car on startup within the first week. Tried to contact manufacturer multiple times. They said they'd send a new fan out me. After weeks with no fan shipped and the fan making noise constantly. I was afraid my system wasn't cooling properly and that it would overheAt. I have resorted to taking it out and trying to purchase one myself. After the money I spent on this I will be angry if this ruins my system. There are multiple other accounts of faulty fans in cyber power systems.
Does not consistently work. Also, gets really warm while being used.
Too big sent it back
i've used a naga 12 button for many years. sadly it finally failed, and the original naga cannot be bought anymore. My main issue with this mouse is the buttons being diagonally set. therefore, if you have the buttons in any forward position at all, your thumb will likely drag on your desk while pressing the 1 button. I have pretty small hands and this is an issue for me. also, i feel like the buttons should be closer together. I feel like with this mouse can you either each the front 9 or the back 9. also my - and = buttons stick randomly. I would've returned if there were many better options out there.
Had to buy a new battery. And it has a password we cant get by
This is what the internet tells you to buy if you are broke and want some headset, but don't listen. Most of the internet 'reviews' are probably ads. I've had some cheap razer headset and it was way better in terms of sound and microphone but the material was crap. My advice is, if you can save up a bit more, you can get way better headset with $30 more.
Really loved this bag when it came. Nice beautiful leather colors and it seemed to be a great size too. Over a few months of usage, the main zipper to the bag stopped closing and the latches to close the bag stop clicking properly. I was very disappointed and apparently it's too late for an exchange. Purchase at your on risk knowing these facts.
Ordered wrong size. Was too big, had to return.
Various cords started breaking after a month of casual use. Nothing much more beyond nightly charging. I mean, its good if you need a lot of cables and a good variety pack, but you're not going to buy this and expect it to last for the rest of the year...
Simply doesn't work well, the Network and HDMI ports work intermittently, this thing get crazy hot, too hot to touch with is quite concerning. The issues with this seem to be present in virtually all of the USB 3 Hubs, the reviews for all of them read similarly; Ports not working, Getting very hot.
It died and no longer works.
So, I bought this mouse in 2017 when my 3rd rechargable SS mouse took it's last crap in the middle of a raid. I wanted something wired that was guaranteed to last. And it was great at first. I'm a 30+ adult gamer, I play WoW and surf Pinterest and FB. Nothing too taxing. The mouse sat on the keyboard tray, hung down, looped up through a access hole and plugged into my USB port. No stress or tugging anywhere. The braided wire connection has split and the nylon has slid up the wires about a half inch, leaving the individual wires exposed and the rubber coverings have disconnected as well, to the point that I'm online today to purchase a new mouse. I'm scared that it'll spark on the mousepad and burn down my home. But for temporary use, it's great. Handles well, the weights work and it's got a bigger size that I like in my mice.
It's so puny, i can barely find it around the house. Can't even attach it to my keys because the hole is too small!
On paper this drive is perfect for what I need on the road. It's light weight and portable, very fast. However as someone else noted in a review I read it's having a lot of I/O issues I'm not sure if it's the drive itself or the cables provided. But it often disconnects or causes an error issue and it's very annoying when I have to edit video on the go as I'm currently a touring photographer. It makes me not want to sue the drive at all.
really solid mouse but it broke 8 months after receiving it, and won't hold a charge at all. tried plugging it in to computer and wall chargers its just dead :/ maybe buy a diff brand
It was $25 so you can't expect great things with build quality, but the biggest disappointment is that when the unit is completely folded up, it won't fit in the included bag, it's 6 inches too big. Even if you remove the actual laptop holder it's still 3 inches too big. You have to completely disassemble to fit in the bag.
This battery holds a charge a little better than the mostly dead battery it replaced, but it's not even close to a genuine Apple battery. By the way, the seller offers free merch (selfie sticks, etc.) to people who give 5 star reviews, so take them with a grain of salt.
I was using these for a project, I ordered a total of about 96 units, a hand full had too small of a hole in the back and caused product failure of the project we were involved in.
It worked great for the first four months and then it no longer turned on.
Product stopped working after three months.
When I opened the package the book was wet! Not soaking wet but very damp. I think it will be okay when it dries out but I'm not happy about it.
Keyboard is okay, but the mouse is driving me insane. This is supposedly a gaming keyboard and mouse, yet the mouse WILL NOT hold buttons down. Even when I clench down on the buttons, they continuously release, making it nearly impossible for me to play any kind of sniper character in any FPS. Have to buy a new mouse now. :|
Signal was terrible. I think the 2.4g channel is only using one of the 3 antenna. logging into the device is a horror with netgear making you register online and every single login it wants you to upgrade to a pay service and they almost force you into it. It was so aggravating I almost returned it for that alone. Never again Netgear
I am really loving this tablet, its nice and fast and has most of the features I would want. I have some mixed feelings though as yes its a great tablet, BUT ASUS doesn't seem to care about it or even like to remember it exists so I don't know how long it will last before the lack of real updates makes it obsolete. Its quite sad since its a great device. It would be different if ASUS at least unlocked it so we could use custom ROMs to extend its usefulness, but its locked down too.
Broke down after a few months
Great bag until it falls apart. I have the smallest light laptop that I used to carry around in it and it still busted everywhere :(. No one has answered me as to if I can return this bag or not.
Didn't work well with my USB 2.0 and Windows 7.
It was beautiful, but had a very strong chemical smell and I had to return it. I was not sure if I could wash it, and it was a gift for someone else.
Not the correct versions I thought it had speakers build in
Barely plays some high end games past lowest settings.
Little bit large preferred something smaller, eventhough it has all the slots needed for SIM cards and memory cards
The charger works awesome, but unfortunately, it will definitely scratch or permanently scuff your remote. Some people might not care but for me, I was excited to use this on my brand new gold remote only to find it lightly damaged.
Mouse colors wouldn't change after a day.
Very light weight material, more like a case you could buy at a .99 cent store, I see no protection to my device with this case. My fault, I got what I paid for. Stick with the procase for 2 $ more, day and night difference...
These cables were fine for several months after my initial purchase. They were high quality, well-made charging cables. But a recent iOS update from Apple several weeks ago have rendered these cables useless. Regardless of charging source, the phone will start reacting with repeated tone/vibrations signaling that it doesn't like the charge being fed to it. When I switch from a non-Smallelectric cable, the errors stop. I've tried two different Smallelectric cables with two different chargers -- same results.
Not even sure it was working set it up but didn't extend range very much.
-It fails to deliver on the sleep/wake magnetic activation feature advertised. -Impact protection is marginal but better than having none. -It is a very elegantly simple cover. Fits the Ipad perfectly and looks very nice. A good option if you don't like bulky covers. -It provides good scratch protection when closed.
This is not something one ought to buy unless one is tech savvy enough to fiddle with it. It's difficult to use. It's slow. It runs hot. It has poor battery life. It simply stops working at times and requires rebooting. It one doesn't need it to do much, it may be fine. As an all around useful tablet, however, I don't recommend it. .
Only lasted about a year and started having connectivity issues. after two years it was nothing but problems. I would not recommend buying this one. for the extra cost it's definitely not worth it.
They came today. I inserted the first one and copied two files to it...one PDF and one Word. A few hours later I went to open them and got the message the files were corrupted. The originals were fine. The message said to repair the disk. It couldn't be repaired. Off to a bad start. So far, the second one is OK.
Excellent size and the keystrokes feel great! However, I'd say this item misses about 1 out of every 25-30 keystrokes. VERY unfortunate that I have to watch my screen constantly, and then double-check my work, because I cannot trust this device to consistently register all entries.
My biggest issue with this keyboard is the fact that when you are pressing the space bar when playing games, the space bar comes off a bit and youre unable to press it again. i have died a lot because of this simple issue
I have only been using this for one weekend and I can hardly stand to use it. It is constantly adding periods, extra spaces, etc. You will barely tap the spacebar and it is skipping forward several spaces. I spend as much time deleting the unwanted items as I do typing on the keyboard. It just doesn't seem to communicate very well with the iPad, almost as though they are fighting against each other. The case is great, but I really wanted it for the keyboard.
Too slippery, cover won't stay folded for reading because it's so slippery. Update...I received an email from the seller offering a refund or another case. Great customer service.
It was fine at first and then later on after one week or two it stopped working. I wouldn't recommend buying this if you want a long term charging.
In my case, I needed to fit two SSD's in a single 3.5" bay in a small server. The SATA and power cables are already provided and come from a RAID controller. With this adapter, the two SSD's are too close together to use existing (combined) SATA/power connectors. In a more typical setup where you can use the included cables, that would not be a problem. The other issue I had was, with two SSD's installed and with the whole assembly snapped into the Dell drive carrier, the carrier was uneven due to flex in the adapter. With a normal 3.5" drive in the carrier, everything is straight. With this in the carrier, it isn't straight and won't slide into the bay. All in all, this adapter has it's uses and works in some scenarios, but it not a universal adapter.
I have to have an ergonomic keyboard but I was willing to try something different. This is different and not in a good way. It's as if this is for people who are in denial about needing an ergonomic keyboard. It's a sleek yet totally useless design. There is nothing ergonomic about this keyboard. So much so, that this is the first ergonomic keyboard that hurt to use. I could barely use it for a week because it hurt my wrists.
Bought two remotes and only one if them worked semi ok. Tried to get in contact with the company and the seller with no response.
This controller case looked pretty good except that part of the case seems to have broken off during transit, not to mention that the trigger won't go into place.
I purchased this case in March. it is now cracked from the foot to the corner. It was extremely tight to put on. Since I"m past the return policy on Amazon, I wonder if the seller/maker will do anything? Mosiso?
My printer did not recognize the cartridge, and i could not override this to make it print.
Great product for protecting iPad in little hands. However, after many months of use, the ad has become curved as a result of the form of the cover, which has compromised the integrity of the iPad and has likely voided the AppleCare peace of mind.
Disappointed. This cover after a few months has stretched out (so it no longer is flush on my keyboard) and wearing through. I've had several covers for my MacBook Pros from other companies and this one has shown the most wear and tear in the shortest amount of time. Off to order a new one from another brand. :'(
Just received this and already figured out it won't work with my case and you can not charge it with an Apple charger, don't know about the battery. Makes you want to design and go in competition with them.
This was not at all what I had hoped for. Very cheaply made, and the aux connector into the system caused the speakers to constantly buzz, crack, and pop throughout music play.
I like the stand but the rubber broke only after a few months use :( Since there is no warranty, can the seller send me the rubber replacement ???
I originally bought these to put into my brother's new build, since he loves purple. The problem is that I can't get any of the fans to light up, regardless of which connector (these have both 3-pin and molex options) I use. The LED fans that originally came with the case (not purple, sadly) work just fine when plugged into the mobo, so you'd think it'd have to be these fans that are causing the problem. The fact that they're so inexpensive and work well as fans means that I'll keep them for myself, in case I ever need a decent fan in a pinch/put together a cheap build at some point, but I wouldn't buy them in the future.
Kept cutting in and out ended up throwing in the trash after about a month of being annoyed with it
These worked when I got them and then one by one all failed quickly. The best lasting only a few months. Poor value and I wouldn't recommend.
The material is not very sturdy. The zippers keep catching the material. I do not expect to keep it long. If I had not needed on for traveling I would have sent it back.
Really wanted to like these. I haven't had them a month and one isn't working already.
I wanted too get something a little different than the trackball mouse that I usually get. I personally can't stand this mouse. I tried for a long time too get use too it but no such luck. I ended up just buying the same mouse I usually get. Kids like it though but they also like having a mouse.
I dont know why this has so many good reviews. If I put my wrist on it like how you're supposed to, it flattens so much! How is it supposed to support your wrists if it flattens immediately? Very dissatisfied.
The item i received is defective. I really hope the replacement that Belkin is sending me works.
Fits good but paint scratches off easily and provides no protection for screen already broke screen sadly.
Again, it was broken when I got it that's all.
I'm really disappointed in this product. I like it (keyboard works well, etc.), but it cracked my screen. I have had my 4th generation iPad since 2012 and it has always been in mint condition... until I got this cover with the keyboard. I discovered a crack on my screen this morning, and I'm pretty bummed. I've never dropped my iPad and am super gentle with it. If my iPad was newer, I'd be much more upset - but I'm just upset that I bought this cover and now my screen is cracked. I can only guess that it's because of the keyboard and no cushion in between the screen and the frame of the keyboard? Who knows.
Had three of these cords so far just stop working for no reason!
Honestly a little bothered that the cables didn't live up to their reputation of being durable. Mine lasted a few DAYS before the cable input wouldn't securely stay in my phone. Not only would I have to wiggle the input to get my phone to charge, but when It would charge it wasn't "fast charging" anymore.
This product is probably good if you have a first grader wanting to protect them from harmful websites. The homework time web filtering says only websites required for academic work are allowed. This is patently false. I can hear my child right now play a sniper game on the internet. The history function is also of little value. Doesn't say how long they were on each website, and when they logged off.
The two largest issues that I have with this screen protector is the clarity and the loss of screen sensitivity. The center film piece is protected on both sides by clear plastic for a simple enough install. The center piece is blue and degrades the screen quality unless put on full screen brightness. It is not clear like the example pictures show. The screen also deteriorates a large portion of touch sensitivity from your fingers.
It freezes at times if left on and walked away from... makes a strained noise when frozen.
The Good: Tracking. Works very well on most surfaces Battery life The bad: Scroll is totally broken on both settings. It is very laggy and the scroll speed is inconsistent. It is very annoying and irritating to use. The left and right click are very loud! It is embarrassing to use in a quiet room. Conclusion: It is pricey and the disadvantages are not worth it
Liked the band at first but of course, 2 days after the return window closed, it fell apart. Would not recommend this band if your gear is something you wear daily. It won't last.
Not silent at all. This fan even at low speed makes more noise than the other 4 120mm fans in my setup. Cool for the LED, but will not use another one of these due to the noise.
Too much bass for gaming when chat is needed
It's fine but randomly stops playing audio; or resets itself with the off and on sound.
The "lightning" plug will not make contact if there is a case on the phone. I tried three different cases that I had, and it would not plug in on any. Not very convenient to use when you have to remove case every time!
I bought this product hoping to use it as a sort of dock for my Dell XPS 13. It works great if you only need to hook up one item at a time. But, when you try and connect a display, a USB Device, and an Ethernet cable, the adapter chokes. The internet drops out, or your USB devices stop working, and the monitor occasionally disconnects as well. If it was marketed as a USB multi-adapter I would give it full marks, but it fails to act as a hub. Weirdly enough, when you supply both it and a laptop with external power, it becomes much more reliable, but this is quite the hassle. If you just want to be able to plug normal stuff into your laptop, this works GREAT, but don't expect to plug multiple devices in at once reliably.
This is a plug in only unit. It uses the controls from what ever program you run on your computer. It is a write only unit. it does not have the controls or ability to erase a re-writable disk. The CD tray sticks and is a pain to open when it does. I have to keep unplugging the unit to make the drawer open. The USB cord is very short, about 10-12 inches long.
I just opened up the Amazon box - the hard drive was at the bottom of the big box shipped with another Item I ordered. The hard drive was not in a Seagate box, rather, just in a plastic cover and not wrapped appropriately for shipping it. The plastic cover it came in was opened already. I don't trust an opened package of a hard drive since it could have been tampered with and possibly a virus on it. I will need to request another one- this close to the holidays- very disappointing.
It doesn't work with all computers. Each time its hooked up to a desktop it locks up the whole computer. It only works with my laptops.
I've had this product for 4 months now and have thought it was great...except that the corners keep chipping off. At first it was just one corner, but now 3 of the 4 corners are chipped. I'm a professional businesswoman and this iPad mostly sits on my desk--never been dropped or handled roughly, so I can't figure out what could be happening to cause this case to break.
You can do better for 50 bucks, super flimsy and only 3 motherboard standoffs? really?
The matte finish is not good for drawing, which is what I bought this for. Barely feels different compared to a glossy screen. Also of note is that the size is too big. The protector will be off the edge, leaving a place for anything to catch on and peel it off. If you plan to put a case on good luck.
I bought this to charge both my phone and my ipod. The ipod/old iphone connectors does not work with my ipod when plugged to the computer
Its a perfectly functional mouse. It just feels a little on the fragile/brittle side
ordered a refurbished computer the on/off switch worked only intermittently . So I was not satisfied with the computer but was very satisfied with the return process and refund. I had ordered a refurbished chromebook from them about a year and a half ago and am very satisfied with that.
The good: Easy to install and came with required tools. The bad: At three months there was a noticeable decline in charge endurance. After about six months they are almost completely worn out. The charge doesn't last very long at all. The original Apple batteries lasted for years without a big drop-off in performance. These don't seem to be made as well.
Really was hoping this would be right but it's pretty doll. For the money it's a good little Sketch Pad but trouble seeing writing
had cracks all in the wire cover
Very nice stable setup, but the keyboard itself has very non standard layout, it only has 1 key between L and Enter, normal keyboards have 2 keys between L and Enter
The keyboard is ok but the mouse sucks has horrible tracking I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who is a serious gamer
Did not realize this was only for android
The mouse had a great feel but the setup process is awful and the G buttons never worked out of the gate.
The product is not as accurate as you think. Although this may be the only one on the market. Once you get used to it it does work as described. Not accurate though. The programs that are offered on their website are also not stable. I have severe carpal tunnel syndrome and although this does get me away from using the mouse to move the cursor, the lack of Accuracy sucks.
Replaced similar 5dBi versions on a range extender. Did not experience any boost whatsoever. Will continue testing.
Product appears to be of good quality and a nice some of lengths. Unfortunately, I can't attest to how well it works as they sent the wrong connector type (ordered Type C, received micro USB).
All 3 cords have stopped working within 90 days of receiving them. Incredibly disappointing.
It is very heavy. Hard to put on and take out. Get wrong color. Disappointed.
ordered wrong item and this one came it was impossible to figure out manual was useless and wasn't built well took 5 hrs to figure out this wasn't going to work for me
Unable to download games
Didn't work for my dell.
This case is really cute and is incredibly useful for covering your iPad or propping it up, but breaks way to easily. I've had it for 10 days and a couple of days ago I took the case off to put a screen protector on my iPad. When I put the case on again the corner of the case cracked. This was really disappointing to me, because if it cracked this easily now I don't know if it will protect my iPad or how long it will last.
Works fine on iPhone 6, but not my iPhone X!
I got this today. But, when I open the box, a corner part of the battery was broken already. I just installed it, and work looks fine.
I suppose i thought that it was a fluke the first time I purchased this keyboard and the plastic broke. I'm not very hard on my things (especially not electronics) but I gave the case the benefit of the doubt that perhaps I was harder on it than I should have been. Because I liked the case and the keyboard is easy to use, I went ahead and purchased another only to have the exact same thing happen to me again a year later. Total bummer. I'm sure I checked the reviews of the product (as I always do) but hadn't noticed a lot of folks complaining about durability until now. Even though it's been a year since my we purchase, I wanted to come back to help anyone else out who may be thinking about buying this case. Honestly, I would not do it again. Once the plastic breaks, your iPad will easily slip out which could potentially result in a MUCH more expensive replacement. Trust the 1 starts on durability. This one is a dud.
Cheap and flimsy. Won't stand up.
It works, but it makes a squealing noise and gets very hot. Yes, transformers always get warm but I am not sure if there is some electrical arcing inside and whether this a a fire hazard. In any case, I've never had one make an audible noise before. I will not purchase from this brand again.
Did not look like the picture. Very fake looking. Rose gold that looks like hot pink
Be aware that this ships from China or somewhere overseas and will take a month or more to get it.
Lightening port doesn't charge iPhone. Be aware this doesn't work with several internet programs, but works with displaying your own work on a TV via HDMI
The picture quality while skyping is very granular. I sent it back.
This item Started failing about halfway through my project.
I have had this bag for not even 6 months and the handle has broken off of it. The little screws put in the handle cannot take the being used every day and they become weak over time. Once the screws weaken, you cannot tighten them back in. Believe me...I tried. The handle comes off of the bag rendering the rolling part useless. Otherwise, the material on the bag is quality.
Worked great of of the box, but 6 months in it stopped working completely. I would suggest spending your money elsewhere
I bought this for my Nintendo Switch. It's probably great for a stable connection, but I was looking to increase my online speed. It was actually slower than going over the Wi-Fi. Wound up returning it.
It misses a lot of keystroke.. not recommended for those the fast type kind of people. Not worth $20.
When we first got this 5 months, it was the right size and everything worked fine. We've had to replace batteries a couple of times already. After 4 months, the keyboard started working on and off........and now, keyboard does not work at all. Just went out and bought a new set. Too bad!
After just over a year it quit working.
Quality is not great but it works, if it falls or gets hit it dies, battery lasts and it's comfortable, it's just poor build quality
It does not keep my iPad or my wife's tablet from detecting the sides of our hands when drawing. Doubled up (two gloves on one hand) works a bit better, but still doesn't prevent it.
This only lasted three months before the mic completely stopped working
If you need better control of more fans etc.. , get this, it works. - But be warned mounting hole spacing is not standard for anything: 3.5 drives, 2.5 drive, DVD rom Spaces nothing! - your likely only to be able use one of two holes and thats it.
Less than impressed with how the front of the case sits. Bottom of the screen protector is flush against the tablet, the top is loose and bubbly. I personally wouldn't spend $25 on this product again.
I have. 17.3" Lenovo laptop. The description of this back pack said it holds up to 17.3" but it does not fit my Lenovo. I am returning it and will purchase the bigger bag. Overall the bag seems pretty good. Lots of pockets to fit everything you need.
it doesn't work very well.
Couldn't hook up to my x box one without having other equipment so Idk how good it is just dissipointed
The plastic housing broke off. Not bad but didn't survive me.
Can barely tell they are installed.
Despite using USB-C connectors and costing 60 dollars, this device DOES NOT use USB 3.1 on ANY of it's ports. In 2018 this is super disappointing. This means slower charging and data transfer, with blurrier displays and potentially lower refresh rates, all for no good reason but I'd assume to cut costs. This is all mentioned in the fine print product descriptions but it isn't clear at all, considering most modern devices using the C connector are running USB 3.1. If you don't care about any of that then I guess this isn't a terrible purchase, but I got a similar hub at Walmart for 30$ that actually uses 3.1 and supports 4k. For $65 this piece of hardware legitimately belongs in last years trash bin.
Fine so far for my laptop, but fell off my phone and now gone within an hour of taking it out of the package. Way too expensive for that 🙄
I purchased this case for my iPad Pro 9.7 inch, because I had a previous spec case for my iPhone and it showed its value many times over. However I cannot say that about this case for the iPad Pro. Just installing the case proved difficult, And then When attempting to remove it in order to put on a screen protector, the edge where the audio jack is Cracked and broke off. Then it got bumped on the other side And broke off as well. For that reason, I cannot recommend this as a stable or secure cover for an iPad.
The keyboard was very light and nice to type on. The case however was very heavy. I also wanted to be able to use the iPad as a tablet and this case folder awkwardly making it difficult to use as a tablet. It was also difficult to remove from the case. I returned the keyboard case for another that was easier to use in both the laptop and tablet format. This would have been an OK case if you were always going to use in laptop format
The case covers the microphone completely. As the iPad Pro used a USB-C it would be nice to use the same cord and not have to have 2 different ones.
The back of this case is extremely bulky. It is not as flat as it may appear online. I suppose if you want to use your tablet solely as a picture frame then it make sense, albeit, a $500 picture frame. No thanks.
Ordered two of these, thinking they would be black/grey and was surprised to see that they are more on the color scale of brown. They are not even consistent, as one was VERY brown, and the other was only slightly brown.
Got it in July, coming apart in November. Not nearly as good as I would've hoped! It is cumbersome, so it was not what I had hoped for.
One side button is dead after over 1 month
I bought the wrong case size and now they want me to pay 5.99 to return the item, it's ridiculous!!! I contact find the contact information for the seller either :/
Not enough pockets. I travel internationally and have to be prepared for missed flights in out of the way places, so I travel with a whole array of electronics, cables , GPS, adapters, etc. This bag just wasn't organized well enough.. Could have been, but wasn't.
Flimsy, low quality. Only good for broken ethernet cable ends you plan to keep plugged in. Unplugging the cord means the 'repair clip' falls off.
This mouse got great reviews so I ordered it. I didn't know that it was a mouse for gaming. I wanted a mouse to use with my laptop. If you are looking for a nice cordless mouse to use for handling normal business, do not buy this one! The side buttons are ruining my work. Every time I use it to scroll or click on the screen, I accidentally hit those stupid buttons and they change the page I'm on causing me to lose all of my work! It's the most annoying mouse I have ever used. Beware, this is not a normal mouse!
u cant over clock the cpu YOU WILL HAVE TO GET IN TOUCH WITH CUSTOMER SUPPORT and im still not sure if u will be able to over clock it this computer cost 500 but doesn't run like a 500 dollar computer if u ask me me 300 dolla hp pc that i got from walmart was better i could overclock it no problem if you are a power pc user like me i wouldnt go with this pc
Back of the monitor is made with cheap plastic - will bend if you push lightly. So it shakes a lot on the VESA mount - beware....
This is great in theory, love the built in screen protector and carrying handle. However within two days of use both iPad screens were broken from normal kid use... Ie dropped from a very short distance onto a soft surface. I have used many other iPad cases that protected my iPads from incidents much worse than this. Save your money and find one that will protect your iPad much better than this one.
This started cracking around the edges and it was history after that. Upset about the durability. I got the pink for my Mac book. I taped the apple sticker on the case. Looked cute.
Got a bad one, ejects itself, sometimes does not save files... gotta check it within the first month to determine if it is good one.
mine has broken after a month and a half
It literally turns off by itself every 30 minutes or so. I tried calling tech support but there is no number to this company. And it only really works with a lan cable it's fucking slow on my PS4 when connected through WiFi . Waste of money.
Very finicky. Seems to work less often over time. I usually have to jiggle the adapter for a while before the charge will show up. Still better than not having an adapter...
I brought for my sister and she said it is not good compare with her old one.
I do not know if I received a defective product or not, but I was not impressed at all. The sound quality wasn't as good as my USB amp from my Razer Man of War headsets and there was a strange feedback, so I returned it and just used the Razer amp.
Product worked for less than 2 months then just stopped working. When you look at your phone/iPad it seems like it's charging, but the percentage never goes up. DON'T WASTE YOUR $ ON THIS PRODUCT!
The strap handle on the carry case frayed and ripped. Not very good quality. The hard case is fine.
didn't fit my laptop like it was suppose to, too loose
It was very simple to install. I line the hole with the camera, which left part of the device unprotected. I would rather protect the entire device so I removed the film as per instructions and I'm not satisfied with the results. I believe if i checked i could have used a hole punch to place the hole in the correct location
Would not buy again.
The stand came off of the case. Not very durable.
Plug in fit very loosely
Mine stopped working after 6-7 months and had to get a new one, maybe the one i got wasn't the best they had to offer, but try out ur luck, i didnt have a good experience
I got this to replace a SoundBlaster X-Fi (which I only stopped using because Creative Labs arbitrarily decided to stop supporting with drivers, otherwise it worked perfectly). My primary requirement was 5.1 encoding via optical out, as that's what my speaker system uses (and what my X-Fi did without issue). After taking about 15 minutes to even find the 5.1 encoding options (they're hidden in the very poorly labelled "cinematic" section of the control panel), I was able to set both Dolby Digital Live and DTS and both work, at least initially. But over time I began to hear little pops and hiccups in the sound until the encoding would just fail and the sound would go silent, requiring me to go back to the control panel, turn the encoding off, and then back on again. This is now the standard pattern: set the encoding, it'll work for a while (usually an hour or two, sometimes less), then the audio will start to glitch a bit, until the fails, and the process has to be repeated. On top of all this, immediately after installing the card and updating the drivers from the Creative Labs web site (because the auto updater failed), every time I open the control panel or even switch audio devices (e.g. when using Bluetooth headphones) at least half a dozen "bad image" errors pop up complaining about a particular DLL. This doesn't seem to have any effect on any functionality but requires clicking to dismiss these alerts over and over again (and they are always on top so they cannot be ignored). I've tried reinstalling the drivers, disabling other devices, running driver cleaners, nothing has helped. All in all this card has been a pain to deal with and the only reason I don't give it a one star rating is because it does at least work... at least for a little while.
I love the design, but was disappointed about the damaged corner
I bought this back in December of 2017 and it worked very well for a few months. It's now May of 2018 and it has completely stopped working. It no longer is picked up by anything on my main computer or my 2 other computers. I would've recommended it, if it worked for more than 5 months. And trying to contact Logitech Support is a joke.
the sound wasn't that crisp and they stopped working after 2 months
Accidentally purchased this refurbished when I thought it was new. Ok, no big deal I thought. Upon taking the mouse out of the brown box it came in, I noticed that there was a rattling noise coming from inside. Upon further inspection, 2 screws were missing from the bottom. While the mouse was functionally fine, I didn't want a mouse that rattled, so I returned it and am instead buying one of the same model new.
For the price this is a pretty good mount, it is easy to assemble, it is easy to install and it looks pretty decent. The big catch is while the arm itself can hold up the weight of my monitor after adjustments (9 pounds 27 inches) the tilt part of the mount keep sagging down due to weight. I tightening it as much as possible and now it some what stays assuming I do not touch it. It has a good range of motion and is easy to adjust, but I tend not to because the sagging issue. The included ports are practically useless as well. The USB functions, but I can't seem to trust it because after hearing how terrible the audio sounds from the headphone and microphone ports it seems like those inputs are of poor quality. Maybe with a lighter monitor this would work much better, but regardless the poor inputs in the front as basically useless.
At first this product was nice and it had protected my iPad, however, if you're not holding it in a certain position, the case locks/turns off your device in use.
If your computer base is not totally straight and if you have feet/rubber legs bottom on computer, this thing is very unstable.
The power switch toggle throw was too short. I would barely touch it and it would power on. Even picking it up in the pouch, if anything touched it you would hear the beep of it turning on.
Connector was spotty and took some jiggling to get it to work. Returned because I was unsatisfied.
made mine phone charger over heat, don't like this product. cord still not long enough if computer is on the floor
I have used these for hours and hours. Well made and great sound. But... Due to design flaw, they are too tight on my head. I have stretched them out and left them stretching at extreme widths, hoping they would become comfortable for when they are on my head.. They won't stretch out and they are simply made too small for my adult head. Furthermore, the instruction manual even warns you to stretch them out prior to lengthy use, but believe me, the stretching is futile. These puppies are as tight as day one. Save yourself the wondering if they might work, because after long use, I have realized I will never prefer these headphones.
The mouse does work as intended for practical comfort it does not work buttons are too far back for thumb use while in hardcore gaming mouse is hard to grip with just front fingers and does not slide smoothly
We thought the sandisk brand was better, have not had them but a short time & each disc needs to be reformatted a lot which means we loose pictures.
It's glass and that's the only reason it has a star... Oleophobic coating is non-existent, the camera cutout doesn't line up at all with the camera and sensor...
Only charge in "Slow Charge" mode no matter what type of adapter I use.
Generally a good machine; runs well and I haven't had any major issues. That said, the BIOS menu is not available by any of the usual tricks (pressing ESC, F keys, DEL, or even WIN B at start-up). I've tried to talk to HP, and they refuse to give support for the machine when it's out of warranty. Two-star rating is for the abysmal customer support.
It works but every time you plug it in a plasma discharge is heard/seen coming from the power outlet.
Looks really nice, unfortunately, it's 1/8 of an inch too small. Does not fit an iPad mini 2.
Love that I can charge 4 things at once.. do not love the quality. It isn't super well made and it certainly doesn't light up like the picture. Just kind of dim and uneven. I'll use it, but will be purchasing something else in the future if I need another. Also, the cord could be longer. I need an extender to get it plugged into the wall under my desk so that it can sit on my desk. It's just inconvenient.
I loved this laptop for the year it worked! I bought it because it was an affordable, decent gaming laptop. Was able to run Metal Gear Solid V, Overwatch, and The Witcher 3 on high settings and a smooth frame rate. Then about a week before my warranty expired, the hinges started to break a bit. Not a deal breaker, or so I thought, I just figured I be more careful with it and remember to slowly open and close it. But even after a week of not touching the computer at all, it somehow worsened. Now, several months later, the trackpad barely registers and all the ports on the left side of the laptop are completely broken and unusable. On the bright side my cat now has a warm place to lie down for naps, I just wish it didn't cost me over a thousand dollars.
I was looking for a solution that would help me with an installation I'm working on that can use Powerline Data and then also use PoE to power the cameras. I set up about 5 cameras and cameras come in and out after a few days. Then when I unplug the main data adapter and plug it back in, the cameras start working again. This system is hit or miss, I would not recommend if you need this for cameras or something that needs constant data.
I order this when I got a new mac that has only USB C ports. It accepts four USB Bs, one USB C, and one HDMI, but it is very unreliable and I am going to buy a different one.
If you have tablet or an older laptop or cellphone this will work great. The sliding shutter works nicely, however if you do put this on a mobile phone, be careful when putting it into your pocket or just using it. The shutter/sliding cover has fallen off each time I've put in my pocket or my wife has dropped into her purse.
Been using Skullcandy earbuds for years. Can't rate any higher than 2 stars. Sound clarity is ok, but doesn't have that good heavy bass sound that my old ones have. Wish I had went by the reviews.
Alot smaller than I thought it would be and the buckle broke also the usb cable falls out easily
Putting my iPad Air into this case, I noticed that it warped the screen with how tightly it fit. It makes me nervous--is the screen going to crack just by being inside the case? Who knows! The bigger issue is that the rubber surrounding the case falls completely off within a couple weeks. See all the other reviews that mention the same thing. LifeProof's website makes submitting a warranty claim very difficult. I haven't figured it out yet.
worked for about a week and then did not work- waste of money!
Touch part of several stylus pens came off and the stylus becomes non functional
This pen is short and not easy to hold unless you were a child with small hands. I am a female with small hands and it's too small for me.
Broke in one month, just after a few uses.
it's not leveled on flat surface. it rocks back and forth
I purchased this laptop with the expectation of fast internet connection. I have a 400 mbS internet speed from my provider, my phone is steady at 320 mbs speed and laptop does not exceed 200 mbs speed, so, my phone is faster than the laptop. I tried getting help from Dell since at first it didn't exceed 49 mbs and they helped me get to 200, then they turned me over to the software department which sold me a package of $150, service and software. After almost 2 hours with them on phone and laptop they actually slowed my speed even more and then admitted that the laptop does not have the capacity to go any faster, I was fuming. BOTTOM LINE... NOT WORTH THE MONEY
This cover has a nice design. Beautiful, I might add. And that's probably why you're looking at this case. But it has some MAJOR problems. First, the case is HEAVY and THICK. This defeats the whole purpose of having an iPad Mini. The iPad Mini is so thin and light, but when you add this case - you take that ALL AWAY. For comparison, it ends up feeling heavier and being thicker than a Microsoft Surface Go with this case on. For people who use their iPad Mini one handed, this is a MAJOR problem. It feels heavy to use, especially if you're a woman, which the pink version of this product is targeted to. If you're an older woman, you'll definitely feel what I mean. What's especially cumbersome is the back part of the folio. It's a weird texture that your fingers will be resting on while holding the iPad mini vertically. The next bad thing is the screen. It's bad because there's a noticeable gap between the screen protector and the iPad Mini. When you are pressing on apps, you will notice that it isn't immediate, and it just feels weird. That will be because of the gap. And it can't be fixed. It's just the way the protector is made. To make matters worse, it's a PLASTIC screen protector. It's really cheap. Glass screen protectors are much better because it feels just like using the iPad Mini without a screen protector. A few other minor complaints: 1) Instructions aren't great. They have typos and this seller didn't even bother tailoring the instructions for the iPad Mini. It has the instructions for phones. 2) The smell. Typical of a 3rd party Chinese seller. Smells like it's made of stuff that can't be good for you. 3) Not as cute in person. 4) Folio can be seen from the front when you have the iPad mini standing in landscape mode, which kind of sucks. Other folios have it in the back. It's not that big of a deal, but I think it's more pleasing when you can't see the folded folio. 5) Overpriced. You're probably going to say that it's cheaper than a folio from Apple, and you'd be right. But at least you get support from Apple, and know that Apple has great quality assurance. You think a 3rd party Chinese seller is REALLY going to have that same level of quality assurance? Also, most of the reviews on this product are fake. Typical of a 3rd party seller in China. They undercut competitors and then purchase fake reviews. What I recommend is to buy a transparent case for you to show off the back of the iPad, especially if you have a Rose Gold variant. Then get a Glass Screen Protector. You'll end up saving some money and having a far more pleasant experience. Yes, you won't get the good looks of this case, but you'll end up having a far more premium experience when interacting with your iPad Mini.
Not good as I imagine. Expensive.
I have an older Win 8.1 tablet with only one Micro USB port. I bought this to charge my tablet and use the USB port for data and disk drive usage, etc.. Unfortunately my tablet battery drains and the cable does not charge the device when using a USB HDD or flash drive, etc.. This is my second purchased device, from another vender, that does not give me such functionality on my tablet.
They charge my phone (slowly) when connected to a computer or my USB multi-charger but they do NOT charge my phone when connected to the car charger. The whole reason I got them was to use with our car charger and our phones act like they aren't plugged in at all.
They product is good the only defect is that the letter “D” does not work. I had previously bought my first one and that one works perfectly.
Works as described except for the extender. The extender would turn off after 5 minutes and have to reconnect. Instead of messing with new firmware driver's, I decided to return the product.
I wasn't aware it was a wireless keyboard. I thought it was a "USB wired" board. I am using it with a wireless mouse and it is fine.
having issues unsure if it's the stick or the camera. However, it came on time. Great seller and shipper
Has promise but hampered by really poor documentation and support. The convoluted board/driver addition process basically doesn't work. The only way I was able to get anything to upload to the board was using NodeMCU 1.0 as the board. A big drawback is the fact that the board has a really bright amber LED which flashes very fast and constantly if you don't have a battery plugged in. A battery is not required for operation, but apparently the manufacturer thinks you urgently need one. There are a ton of other options in this space...I'd look elsewhere.
I'm not TO impressed with this product. I had better expectations. Review the pictures I uploaded. The speed is Dramatically slower when connected to the HooToo device. I'll be getting another different device is what it looks like. I'm impressed with the battery life and the ease of use setting it up. The picture of the faster speed is not connected to the HooToo, the picture of the slower speed is connected to the HooToo.
Did not have 4 front speakers as advertised. Would not buy again, very disappointed.
When it connects it works flawless. However, after a few weeks it wouldn't connect to my router automatically. Then when I tried to connect it wouldn't connect at all. I have to repeatedly try to connect and eventually it'll work. I don't recommend it.
I like how there are multiple ways to position my iPad with this case however, it is not sturdy enough. My iPad leans back further than it should on the second notch and I can not even use the first notch without my iPad slipping all the way back.
The button for my phone is in the middle of my phone, Wich make the volume go up and down
It doesn't fit tightly and covers the buttons
This is my go-to mouse; or, it used to be. My first came as the mouse half of a keyboard/mouse set, and I loved it. The (for me) perfect size, weight and shape. The incredible battery life. The several 'extra' buttons, each of which could be easily programmed to recognize what app was in use and act accordingly. The way they held up to my poor treatment and accidental drops to the floor. If they were on sale, I was buying more! I gave them away, broke more than a few and always had 'backups'. They would never have rated a two-star review Now, though, Logitech has done me wrong. They changed the construction and the feel, they eliminated a thumb button and, most importantly, they never changed the model number. If I buy one now I don't know which edition I'll end up with and, quite frankly, the newer version is not worth the price. Even the silicone feet have been done away with. So, I guess the question is: Do you feel lucky?
Battery doesn't last long!
2 out of the 3 cables no longer work after one month. Pretty disappointing.
Western Digital does not honor their warranty. Supposed to be 3 year warranty but WD cutoff warranty at 2 years and 8 months. Hard drive completely failed after 2 years and 10 months from date purchase date.
worked well for a month and then it just stopped working completely
Item was poorly packaged in an over sized box with a single piece of paper which is the worst possible situation for sensitive network gear. Not to even mention the item was prime and shipping took 5 days instead of 2. I will be surprised if it lasts a month.
Didn't stick for long maybe it stayed on for about a month
Display itself was perfect - super sharp and crisp and looked brand new. But the USB-C port that is used to drive the visuals from the laptop was damaged - the cable did not sit flush and could easily be disconnected by simply wiggling the cable. Definitely not a solid connection and not acceptable from something that is supposed to be manufacturer refurbished. Bought from MRP Sales for those who may be wondering.
Cleaning kit was missing , doesn't look like what pictures shows Don't understand why 3 holes for front camera Not like what I expected
In the beginning it held the charge well but after going through 5 or 6 cycles, its life is considerably have gotten shorter. After using it for 2 months, it barely powers my laptop for 20 minutes. Very disappointed and will not buy again.
I bought one of these for myself and ended up also getting another for xmas. within the first few hours of using both, they both broke. The small plastic bit that houses the replaceable tip came right out of the stylus. it practically falls out when you lift the pen whilst drawing or writing. very disappointed as this is not even $5 workmanship let alone $58. This appears to be more than an isolated incident as both broke in the exact same manner.
Won't buy these again. Wire channel too short, not easy to work with. I have done a lot of these cables and do not like this connector.
Really disappointed. Everyone seems like they love this monitor and it has great picture, but the text is very blurry and almost gives me a headache when reading on it. Makes me feel like I need glasses and I don't even wear contacts. I guess you get what you paid for. Most likely returning for a better monitor. Bought to replace a smaller, older Dell monitor and this one is worse. Took pictures of the monitor and text on my older monitor, and both are in focus, taken on my phone in the same lighting at my office.
Love this but after just 3 months the corners that hold the iPad in place broke off. I wanted to contact the seller but all Amazon offered me was to review it.
Has a lot of input lag
Does not come with a unifying receiver, and will not work with one. This makes no sense, does it really cost that much for a little extra programming that is already done?
Had issues syncing it with desktop which was odd, had to return. Eventually got new apple with wireless which works fine.
I had a heck of a time getting this unit to take a write. For some reason simply putting the unit into write mode would not allow it to take new programming. After a bunch of fiddling (and almost returning these) I discovered that if you put the boards into write mode first, then start writing a new sketch, and then press the boot button WHILE arduino ide/mongoose/etc is trying to connect, then the IDE will connect and start slashing the board. Also to note, this only seemed to be a problem on my windows computer. When I tried writing the board from Arduino IDE on Linux, simply putting the board into write mode seemed to work as expected. (I have no idea why) One more note, I could not get these boards to be recognized USB devices on Mac at all. Apparently there is a known driver signing issue between the driver for these, and Mac's running OS X 10.13 or higher, that to-date, has yet to be fixed. I tried every recommendation I could find online, nothing worked, so if you want to program these boards with a Mac, I would look at some other kind of board or imaging computer.
It didn't work any more half a year later. Bad quality.
Feels very cheap, If you type with any force in the middle of the keyboard it has some give to it, which is not ideal
Looks great, item worked for about 6-7 charges, all of a sudden stopped working, not worth the money.
This HAS to be a joke! How did these get a 5 Star review?? First of all, they only supply enough hardware for 2 1/2 fans...the package comes with three fans!!! It comes with 10 screws... it needs 12! And let's talk about the hardware- the screws are like a quarter inch long and the female connection it goes into are over an inch! That means I have to install it from the backside of the panels, even then I'm losing the thickeness of the case, so what is holding it on? And to top it off, THE DAMN THING ISNT EVEN THREADED! The screws go in completely cockeyed. They also include these long rubber things, they look like golf tees. They serve no purpose whatsoever. There's also 10 of those (as opposed to 12 if they even had a purpose). I might as well go buy inch and a half screws and jerry rig this thing myself. Also, the three fans plug into a bulky receiver device with adhesive so I assume I'd have to find a place inside to stick it. It does NOT connect to the motherboard so you have to use a remote to change colors. This purchase was a complete waste. I doubt they are even quite. DO NOT listen to any of these reviews, they are ether jokes, paid advertising, or for a completely different product. I have no idea why I'm giving two stars to be honest, maybe I'm hoping once I jerry rig it that it will actually be quiet. But these fans are completely bulky, super thick. I don't wven know if they'll fit in some places. 2 thumbs down. Refund please
The headset is good but the price is not good. I found the price was $23 cheaper and only eight days later. Maybe the price went down earlier than I found it. This feeling is very bad
Everything would be great about it, except for the problem with the latch. It is so tight, I have to lay it on a counter, use my body weight, and push down with both hands to get it to close. Opening it is also hard and needs both hands, but it's not nearly as bad as trying to open it. We hoped opening and closing it a bunch of times would have loosened it some and made it easier.....but it did not. My husband has one on his iPad, and I had one of mine in the past, and the both have worked exactly perfectly. Maybe I just got a bad one, but it's really disappointing when I looked so hard to find the same one. Wish the quality had not changed.
After a month this charger stopped working and stopped charging.
The construction of the unit appearance is quality. However when I plugged in the unit it did not work. Had to return. Currently waiting for new one to arrive. Hopefully it was a just a bad unit. Will change rating once I test the new one arriving.
Bezel around this keyboard broke after one year of use, however keyboard functions great!
The cover flap is not magnetic therefore the cover will easily fall open because there is no strap to keep it closed is not magnetic.
This tablet, when it works, is a good product; however, two noticeable issues I think may be consistent across the board are: 1. The video card is not the best. While watching Netflix I noticed that movements and sounds did not synch. 2. Battery life is horrible. Battery was at roughly 50% after about 45 min to an hour of use. Kept decreasing in sleep mode. I had additional issues with start up freezing and blank black screen until I plugged in charger and touch screen intermittently unresponsive. The more I did with the tablet, the more pronounced the issues became. Aside from those issues, tablet set-up was extremely easy and worked well for internet browsing. Decided to send back for a better product. I would not recommend purchasing.
This product never worked with my Surface pro 3. Occasionally it would sync with Bluetooth but not often. Do not recommend buying this product.
This product was always losing our WiFi connection and then quit working 9 months after.
My one and only single gripe is my windows are so small, and I don't want to up the doing scaling. But I absolutely love this monitor. You will too. Why have you not bought it already! Edit: So i have owned this monitor for 5 years short of a year. I have always had the screen timeout to 15 minutes. But yet some how I have burn in from the white background of windows left open. I would not recommend this monitor to anyone.
These don't fit the screws on the Nintendo Switch too well/
I have a pair of their fancy headphones and tried this. The surround sound is very cool, but the quality is/was low. I might have had a dud and I sent them back. I'm using a separate usb sound card now and the audio quality is better. I feel like the analog volume control lets you back off a little and then increase the volume on the computer.
First off Amazon was amazing as far as customer support, for this product. We couldn't get sound to record at a proper level, so we were sent another. Same thing. The video was fine, but audio was barely above a whisper, we tried different mics with the same result.
It doesn't work for me. My Samsung Galaxy s9 takes do many times to get charged when using that adapter.
Keys are extremely difficult to press and mouse is loud.
Dead after 10 years. It was long time, but it was first switch broke. I found network bottle neck issue at home. But I could not find out where was the issue. But after read this product review, I figure out this switch had issue with mixed speed. So I would not recommend this.
Bought the external Hard Drive in June, the error messages started in the second month, and the files disappeared few times in 4 months. I would not recommend to buy it.
It worked great for 3 months of light use, maybe a total of 50 hours. Now it works as a single sided headphone with the mic disabled. Enable the mic and nothing works.
Although the sewing and design of the bag is good, the leather is not properly tanned so the bag smells like a dead animal.
The keyboard seems fine except for the loud ringing noise after each key press. The metallic structure of the keyboard creates an unpleasant resonant noise that lingers after each key press. The traditional click noise associated with mechanical keyboards is otherwise fine, and not to loud. I will try to return the product.
The stickers are fine, but the fell of the keys on the keyboard are a bit weird. Placed on a Samsung Chromebook.
Worked great at first but now only one works.
I knew this would be a cheap mouse. But my wife wanted something cheap and she thought the lights were cool. She just wanted something that she could use for her laptop from time to time. But even with the minimal usage the thing is so poorly put together. The quality definitely reflects the price.
I have a Mac IPAD and it fits; sometimes it connects but mostly I feel as though it is a cumbersome (I hope the spelling is correct) add on. I rarely use it and I tell, I was so looking forward to it because I've added MicroSoft applications to my IPAD and really wanted to use it with them. There might be better products - that work more better.
I have purchased 2 of these over the past few years. The first set lasted 2 years with frequent Mic use. I bought a second pair 2 months ago only to have the mic stop working within the last week. The mic itself has lots of echo so I would not recommend it for Discord use. The on and off switch also begins to deteriorate after frequent use with audio from the mic being captured regardless of what mode it is on. While the price is enticing I'd recommend spending your money on a head set that is built to last because with this one you really get what you pay for.
I purchased this device for the office. It worked perfectly up until today :-( . I clicked the button in the middle of the mouse and now it no longer works. It was not worth my time if i have to replace the mouse every 9, months. It has not even been a complete 12, months. I did not drop it or anything. WOW................the disappointment of having to go back to a wired mouse.
Slowed down after one day.
The item fits my new iPad Air 10.5. It has a hard back. The holes in the cover would also fit iPad Pro 10.5 (there are speaker holes on both sides). However: the cover has an absolutely putrid smell. It smells like a dead rat. I am going to let it “air out” for a few days, in the hopes that this smell dissipates. I bought two of these (one emerald, one purple) and both smell equally horrible.
Great idea and convenient, however the end that goes into the iPad no longer works. I don't use my iPad frequently and would estimate that in the 5 months I've had this cable I've only used it about 15 times. When not in use I store it carefully coiled in a sandwich-sized ziplock bag in my computer bag. The last two times I tried using it I plugged it in and the screen on the iPad comes on and shows the battery charge indicator and it says "Not Charging." I then have to plug and unplug a few times and flip the connector around back and forth until the loose connection in the cable makes contact and the iPad will start to charge. Like I previously stated, I've taken good care of the cable and have not used it much, so I feel confident this is a quality issue.
It is shaky when plugged in. And the material is not metal as expected.
Did not last long, disapointed in quality.
the buttons are different than what i'm used to, but my issue is with the stiffness of the d pad. maybe after extended play the d pad will lighten up but right now it's too stiff
The angle of the stand makes it easy to topple over. I also has odd cut out where the power button isn't readily accessible.
So I was just playing my games cause im a gamer and all that and spend alot of time in front of screens so I thought this would be a good idea to buy them the second they arrived I loved them to death and second day i was playing Skyrim then i switched to smash ultimate and while i was in the middle of a match the line that holds the glass in place broke off and I was very upset i contacted customer support and hope for a replacement pair if not then I guess I'll live without these glasses and use a blue light filter for my phone to help at night but until I can find a better pair or maybe get a replacement I don't think I'll be buying any more glasses my advice would be to make glass pieces held together by something much stronger cause I didn't even drop them or anything like that
Highest audio setting is very low and sometimes when you dock your device the system doesn't recognize the device and pressing function doesn't work. Not happy with this product at all.
One worked well, the other did not. Sucks.
I'm a full time college student so this bag really went through it with me, but it started falling apart a week after I bought and I was kinda dragging it along my freshman year. So sad I have to retire it after only a year and a half!
I PURCHASED THIS BECAUSE I HAD A FINITE CASE AND KEYBOARD FOR MY GALAXY TAB S2 THAT I REALLY LIKED BUT WAS STOLEN BY A LYFT DRIVER. SO I THOUGHT THAT THE FINITE CASE FOR THE TAB S3 WOULD BE THE SAME. INSTEAD I FIND IT USELESS. IT WAS EASY TO ADJUST THE S2 FINITE SO THAT IT REMAINED ERECT BECAUSE IT USED A FOLDING BACK AS AN EASEL. HOWEVER, THE S3 FINITE USES A SMALL FLAP TO SUPPORT THE S3 AND THE FLAP DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY SUPPORT WHATSOEVER. IT COLLAPSES ALMOST INSTANTLY IF THE CASE MOVES AND DOES NOT FUNCTION AS AN EASEL. THE ONLY THING I LIKE ABOUT IT IS THE KEYBOARD WHICH IS THE SAME AS I HAD FOR THE S2. WHERE MY MISTAKE IS THAT FINITE DOES PUT OUT THE SAME CASE AS THE ONE I HAD BUT I ONLY FOUND IT AFTER I RECEIVED THIS CASE. THAT CASE ALLOWS FOR A MULTI-ANGLE VIEW WHEREAS THIS ONE ONLY PERMITS ONE VIEW.
We purchased this for a late 2013 Macbook Pro Retina 13" after receiving a warning that the original battery was near the end of life. We received the Temark battery and did the replacement after finding instructions online (the battery does not come with replacement instructions, which would have been helpful.) After replacement, we charged the Macbook and tested - the battery lasts for approximately five to six hours, depending on what's running. Overall, we are pleased with this product. UPDATE: It's been just over a year - the battery is starting to drain quickly again and we're getting a service battery alert. Not great compared with the original battery, which lasted five years. Will buy a different brand next time.
They work okay, only lasted a few days before the pins were bent and stopped charging correctly. Nice while they lasted.
I have not run into any issues with these yet. The analog seems a bit squirrely compared to my other controllers, but they are actual PS3 controllers mad by playstation. Update. The grey controller will go rogue and start scrolling when playing game. You have to plug the controller in and play connected for it to work.
Case looks & fits great but I DID NOT get the keyboard cover!! I ordered them together specifically because it said it comes with the keyboard cover. I would really like to receive it still!!
Both the left and right triggers on the controller are almost constantly active. Meaning, when I play an FPS, my character is constantly aiming and shooting. I'm not sure if it's a solenoid issue or what, but it's definitely the controller itself. I've done all the troubleshooting I can aside from taking it apart. Looks and feels like a 360 controller. That's the only compliment I can give it. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money on a genuine Microsoft product.
This does not charge my TAB PRO S at all. It does Charge my S8+ ... but on the TAB PRO S, the battery does not even increase and the screen gets super hot!
I could never get this thing to work. I've tried several times and never noticed an improvement. It came with a disc that you were supposed to be able to setup and connect via that, but it never quite setup. To be honest, I can't remember what error message I kept getting, only that it was supposed to be easy and mine wouldn't connect and, even after going on the web for solutions, I never got it to work.
The pictured and described case was not the case I received. The one I received was much thicker and had a built in place for the pencil. And I already had that case. I wanted this slim, minimal case with the composition book look. I returned the case and received a prompt refund. Gave 2 stars for the prompt refund. Wish I could have gotten the case described.
I ordered the wrong thing and it cost 6 dollars to ship back. Makes it silly to pay 6 dollars for a 10 item to ship it back so I will never use this product. Weighs a few ounces why so much to return? Judy
I did not see any changes on my computer. May be the product is defective,
Just a NAS. Works well over the network, and the backup software works ok. The MyCloud sharing software is horrible. I expected the ability to share photos, as a photographer, allowing clients to download a folder of photos via web-sharing. The web interface is unusable to clients, and is less than mediocre when trying to share with them. When accessing the device itself locally over the network, the software tries to calculate all usage on the device, each time you login; so it takes between 2-7 minutes to load the page before you can manage the device, users, etc. I'm sure, based on a 4TB NAS of the same brand, that this will only increase as I store more files on it. Disappointed; it only serves as a network drive with some backup software.
This lasted me about 1.5 years until it stopped charging. It lit up but my phone was losing charge. When it worked it was good. You do have to push the charger in and I can see some looser sockets not working and sliding out. Worked in my 2009 Hyundai Sonata.
It is good value for the price. But the ipad does not stay in the grooves easily and it often slides out. Perhaps if there was another groove and/or deeper grooves it would be better.
I really like the design and the feel in my hand. However, there is a huge negative for me: the L and R buttons when using the case is considerably harder to press. I tried flexing the rubber but to no avail. Maybe I'm missing something. I don't know.
I kept losing WiFi signal from time to time, wired part was good just wifi feature was not satisfying
just received it....havent used it yet....love the size and the various ways to us...
It,s OK. Cheap but I didn,t expect much. I do like the adjustable function. If the charger cord was any shorter it would be non existent. Easy to take out and about.
Disappointed that no power cord is included. They recommend using a power cord for things like keyboards (which is one of the main uses for items like this), but don't include one. I already had one from Ultra that I had misplaced the power cord.
Sound is pretty good, stylish looking speaker but the length given on the cords is rediculously short! I am going to have to by extenders just so it doesn't look like my speakers are trying to strangle my monitor
Not durable as expected. Flimsy, stands coming off after a short period and unable to fix due to design flaws. Daughter Still using it though, without one stand.
It does exactly what it's supposed to do, just not a any impressive speed.
For some reason i have to make my computer reboot several times during the week to reconnect it.
Love all the features and fit my iPad 2017 perfectly... it just would not stay charged. Perhaps this one was just a lemon
The quality of the backpack is terrible. Broke within first month of purchase. The refunded my money no problem.
Loud. I bought this hoping it would be quieter than my original, but no. I guess noise is just inherent in this type of cooler.
I did like it this was second one I bought. Had it 3 months used twice stopped charging . Cant get it to charge at all it's dead. Not happy
Works only as a slow charger not USB 3.0 fast charging, I'm using Samsung original fast charger.
Its a little flimsy in the design characteristic
Works good. It was no headers soldered on the mainboard for the drives, so you can not extend the memory. SD card did not work at all.
Haven't had a chance to use it yet.
It's a coiled telephone cord -- what's not to like? It does what it's supposed to do. Except that it's been off-gassing something terrible. I don't know what chemicals it's made with, but they can't be good; after an entire week, this cord has been smelling up my entire kitchen and even giving me a slight headache when I use it. I'm afraid to ask what I'm breathing in.
The cable had a cut in it. Quality seems to be durable.
The photo makes it look just like the advertised color but it's not actually. It's more of a Kelly Green. I don't like the color and it doesn't blend at all with my teal office things but on the plus side, it is super easy to slip on my computer, it has rings on the side Incase I wanted to add a shoulder strap . I just have to get used to this green.
Not almost charging as fast charge 3.0 and sometimes works
Since I am in a stage where I am configuring a lot of RaspberryPi's, i got tired of unplugging cables from my pc and into my Pi and then back to my PC when i was done. I bought this device so all i had to do was plugin my Pi and press a button. I am not sure if there is a configuration problem with the RaspberryPi but the Keyboard/Mouse does not function. The video capability works perfectly though.
The cable seems okay; however the USB-C is not flush with the computer -- not well-made
First of all, I would probably buy this card again. It is exactly what I wanted, albeit at a bit of a premium though not off par for the chipset. I have unfortunately had to interact with Gigabyte's support/RMA process all for a fan on the cooler block that has an internal defect causing it to make a grinding noise constantly. This started happening within days of receiving and installing the card. First, to get to the RMA, you have at minimum two accounts to create and tickets to submit, one for tech support, another for RMA. Then they will ask you to send in the entire card for what could be a fairly simple swap of a fan, rather than just sending the fan. They will also drop the ball on communication, so you will have to hound them for answers. At this point I expect to replace the fan on my own dime. In short, despite the fan issue, this card has been pretty reliable for being so easily OC-able and I would probably choose this model over what else is available out there right now, unless I planned on setting up a custom water cooling setup. Dealing with the inferior fan quality control issue, including interaction with technical support, RMA dept., and customer service, has been far less than ideal.
The provided screws DO NOT work to secure the M.2 drive onto the adapter. This is SUPER frustrating because now I have to wait to get some.
This along with screen protector is what I wanted . This case lines up on the edge of screen protector and lifts it up allowing air to get under screen protector.
Can confirm that this works with docking station power cord for Dell and does transmit power and data, including monitor. It would be nice if it inserted a bit more, but the connection is solid. Good enough. Much better than the design by Dell (rigid cable sticking straight left of computer).
I loved this when I first bought it in Dec 2017. I put it away for a while and when I went to use it, it wasn't working. I assumed it was the batteries, but no. Despite replacing the batteries, there is still no response when I push the button to clear the screen. And I'm guessing I'm past the warranty period. Ugh.
One side does not fit snug.
That little crackling in your ears that you just can't figure out.... ugh... was driving me nuts. I finally ripped the sides off and tore out the little LED bulbs and the crackling finally stopped. The headphones are great now but I wish I had my LED lights on the side to match my lighted mechanical keyboard and my lighted tower.
This keyboard is VERY noisy. and has an old fashioned feel to the clicky-ness of it. I've used several iterations of the Microsoft ergonomic, and ;Logitech version, and this one has some keys that feel a little off to me. the space bar, because it is split, sometimes hides from my fingers.
It works but I have to change the power cord every 3 weeks because it burns up the power cord. Ruins the outlet too.
I despise how quick the battery goes dead. It's like it's not even a new battery at all. It's VERY slow to turn on. I also would have definitely gotten a laptop with back-lit keyboard.
Like the look and the pen holder. Dislike the fit: does not keep a tight fit
Was a refurbished unit but did have a fair amount of wear on it, specially for being a router. Works great and no complaints on that but it is on the rough side for being "like new"
There is no way to set the time to my time zone.
I've been using these almost a week and I am so impressed. really durable, perfect length, attractive, and they fit my phone, tablet, speaker, and portable charger really snug, it gives a very satisfying click when you plug them in. update* I opened the other to use at work and the metal price is bent so it doesn't stay plugged into my phone or connect well enough to fast charge.
The materials have a nice feeling. The keys have a good tactile feel. The - key on my 10 key is permanently stuck. Otherwise solid and would consider again for the sale price I got it for.
I like the cover design, but It doesn't stay up & would be to high anyway, the closure tab has no purpose.
The keys have to be pressed 3/4 of the way in to register.
Good quality but a couple of buttons stop working after a month of use
The material is thick and offers good protection for your iPad Pro. The fit is not good and the iPad shifts quite a bit. It doesn't feel like a luxury product, but you get what you pay for.
Received pen - it was a clearly opened / returned item. The papers / instructions were crumpled and the charging wire was not in the box. Instructions refer to the included charging wire which was missing. Product works as advertised and the actual Pen doesnt seem damaged - but it was definitely returned before and no one checked it.
It works fine and the price is right. Send to lose connection when the Computer restarts but simple enough to re establish
I guess I should have paid better attention to the other reviews. The 90 degree bend connection on these cables is backwards. This means that you can't have a nice, smooth, strait line between your motherboard and drive. Instead you'll have kind of a loop where the cable has to go up before it goes down. This loop actually steals at least an inch of length from the cable which means there are 2 drive mounts in my Core 500 I can't reach. I do like that these cables don't have a clip since I bought them for a mini-ITX build and the little clips can be hard to to in the tight space between my mother board and power supply. Photos to follow. Still debating if the return process is worth it for $6 dollar cables.
Very useful. But, it doesn't exaclty stick to body of the galaxy buds. It happened to me sometimes that upper part came out.
Bought while didn't have time to go out shopping. While the case is good for protecting the iPad, the magnetic screen cover is pretty weak. My chief complaint is that while you can prop I to viewing-position as seen in product photo, it is a bit unstable and it will not prop upon the semi flat position at all. All said I haven't replaced it yet but that's laziness on my part. The price is right for a stop gap measure but not for the long term
Responsible seller The computer is good but it was not what I was looking for. I returned it and they reimbursed me the money
Don't like it. Doesn't work properly
Great packaging; unlike any I have seen for tempered glass. Too many bubbles because cut too big. Had to remove case because protector was literally edge-to-edge and still not sit right. I guess I got that one bad one in the batch 😕.
Comfortable, good quality sound, all I can ask for except the headset cuts out randomly when plugged in as a USB. Easy fix all i have to do is unplug and replug but still an inconvenience.
Everything is good about it until I tried adjusting the volume control through the keyboard. But I had to first move my mouse and click on the volume control on my computer to show up so I can work it through the keyboard. And no. 5 was for low and 6 was to raise the volume which was not what I expected as a volume control button. Thought there would be one on the top of the keyboard. All in all, I like the lighting and different colors and the keys work fine as well.
The case is nice, but not sturdy in places. When holding it by the inside handle, it hangs. This will weaken the side edge over time. Also, when the case is open all the way with the cover turned back, there is nowhere for the flaps on the side to go. The company stands by their products and has a great warranty though, so I'm going to keep it and see what happens. Besides, it is a nice looking case!
Arrived on time, and the item was as described. Unfortunately it was broken. Return was easy, though.
I received one of these keyboard silicones in Hebrew and it is pretty good ad does its job. I wish it would actually my MacbookPro 2018 a little better but it works fine. Also, I wish it was a little less "slippery". I mean when I write sometimes the keyboard slips away so every couple of minutes I have to readjust it to my keyboard. But again, solid thing and useful still.
Loose fitting but works
Love tablet but battery life is a big disappointment. That's the biggest reason for my upgrade.
I purchased this fan on 23 Nov 2018. It stopped working today. Won't run on battery or usb.
If you want something on the less expensive side, this camera will do the job. However, there is absolutely no software for this camera, and no customization is available. The result is a 640x480 picture with no control over zoom, resolution, color, etc. There is a dial on the cable that adjusts the brightness of three LEDs next to the camera lens. The LEDs get pretty bright, though I am unsure as to whether or not they are effective. Finally, despite the product promo specs in the description and the now changed product headline, this is not an HD webcam.
Little on the cheap side.
I really like this product
It is OK. But there is no back forward button and the right click did not work properly.
This is a pricy laptop. Just opened the box and turned on, very fast computer nice screen and everything but the backlit keyboard is NOT working. It is the key on the function key F7 with out the function key. It just doesn't work and the keyboard doesn't lit. Installed all the updates and still not working. Will need to return.
Too small for my hand, but worked as expected.
The cable started to drop signal after about a year of constant use, other than the issue with durability the cord gets the job done
I really don't see a difference from my previous video card. Except now I can record my games.
Good battery. Ee aware it is raised in the back for ventilation. Good for the computer bad for your lap! It hurts if positioning on your lap. I ordered a radiation shied which served the added purpose of making a portable platform for the lap top so it does not dig in.
Nice bag but the faux leather may appear cheap and shinny depending on your tastes.
All others are fine and working.
I wanted to love this product but I can't use it and it's too much hassle to return it. It is way too heavy for a cap. It adds a significant weight on the already weighty Apple pencil. As an artist who draws for hours, it makes a hell of a difference. I felt the heaviness immediately but tried it for a while because I hate returning things and the design and usefulness of the tip is great. Alas, I felt the strain on my forearm after just a few minutes and I just can't. I'm sad it didn't work out, 'cause otherwise I like the design.
Pros: Really good stand, the lighting is great and the effects are you can have for it are fantastic Cons: This is a big deal for me, when I have this AND my headset plugged in, either by USB on my tower or connected through the stand itself, it disables my headset and I can't use my mic when this is enabled. Really frustrating that I have to unplug the stand in order to talk to people
This MOBO worked great to start. I had a Ryzen 7 processor that worked great. That was until the Ethernet port stopped working. I ordered a replacement and it arrived DOA. Currently waiting for another replacement for this current MOBO. Hopefully 3rd time is the charm!
It works, not sure what else to say. Edit: Just died on me a few weeks ago after switching to a new GPU. Worked fine until then but now it freaks out if I play games. Gonna upgrade to an EVGA.
Now I bought this just until the Thrustmaster Warthog was back in stock. There is a very huge amount of play in the stick which if you are looking for very accurate movement you will have to adjust the settings in the games to combat this. For the price you can't go wrong. I have had a few of these in the past and they last forever. I am sure you can also mod the stick to give it less play if you want.
It was for my grandson, he hs been using with no complaints.
Arrived 10 days late and dirty on both sides
The only mode that works well is the AP mode. The repeater, router modes dont seem to work well.
This works great for transferring my digital camera photos to my MacBook Pro via SD Card. But I tried to use a Micro-SD card in the slot and it was springy, and the card wouldn't stay in. I could read the card if I held it in place, but I wound up having to use a MicroSD to SC card adapter for the transfer. The on board Gigabit network works, but I only tried it to test it out. I haven't tried the HDMI out yet.
Works for viewing Prime videos from my iPhone but not Netflix using VGA adaptor to projector!
The soft cover doesn't fit tight it buckles and the stand is hard to get to Didn't need the strap
My Tablet crashed Sent it in for repair So I bought this one For a Backup. Nice for the price $$$
It's protective atleast but it's too thick where it becomes heavy and not the same as other cheap ones. The AirPod holder for the watch it's too tight, so if you put your AirPods there, it's gonna take you a while to take them out again
They are really light and just feel and look cheap.
My old charger had worn through the wiring, so I purchased this one. It charges well and quickly, however, the whole computer seems to vibrate slightly when the charger is plugged in.
I've needed to replace the bumpers in like 5 xbox controllers over the last couple years (intentionally flawed xbox controller design?) and it always seems to mess up the home button, making them hard to press and not spring back like they should. These were not any different. However...These had less extra plastic hanging off of them than the others I've bought, and they didn't show up broken or break during installation. So the home buttons are stiff but the bumpers work again.
Quality of the refurbishment is great. Though some keys on the keyboard are difficult to work with. I may consider getting an external keyboard or replace the annoying keys to ease off this situation.
It snapped on fine enough, but the black paint started peeling off within a week, and I feel like the case doesn't grab on quite as well as the ones sold in the Apple Store, or one I had gotten from another vendor on Amazon.
The plastic fitting on the end of the charger breaks. Still useable just annoying because you have to pull it back to plug in.
I don't care for the way it mounts to mobo and it doesn't seem to have a very secure connection to the chip. Sags a little.
I liked the cord for the amount I paid, however, I thought it would last longer than this. I bought it in January and it no longer charges my laptop. It seems like these cords do not last very long.
I had gotten this for my laptop as it only has 2 USB slots. It worked fine for the first week or so. Over time though the usb connection became loose, very loose. It would frequently come out when I was using my laptop anywhere but my desk. It didn't have any compatibility issues though and the loose connection doesn't matter at all if you're using this for a desktop(which I also did). Basically this is great for desktops, but look for an alternative if you need it for a laptop.
When the laptop arrived it's previous owner's account was still on the computer. I had to take it to the Apple Store (which took 2-3 hours) for them to completely wipe the device. As for the MacBook design itself, I wish it had more ports! There's only one microUSB port, which the charger also plugs into, so the laptop can't be charged and have a port in use for something else simultaneously.
Well packaged, delivered on time.
I'm really dissatisfied and disappointed with this purchase. Not only was the charging cable missing from the package, but the outer shell on the top of the case was dirty. I had to find my own micro usb to charge it. In terms of functionality, the lock screen is too close to the delete key, which results in having to unlock the screen in the middle of typing quite often.
Handy but not enough pixel density for crisp reading
This is working pretty good but I wish it would charge my phone while in use so my phone wouldn't die.
Gets the job done-ish... the pentalobe screwdriver strips very easily. The stripping screwdriver combined with the blue cement actually make it really hard to get more than 1 or 2 uses (unscrewing and re-screwing) out of the screwdriver itself. Screws seemed to be perfectly fine however.
Good but not what expected. Seller should not bend the backpack to send. The crease is so bad it will not stand up right!
Moved the desktop into a room away from the router, so I got this one based on various reviews online. I have no baseline to compare it to as far as desktops or usb wifi adaptors, but the speed I got was slower than my laptop or my smartphone and other tablets (testing through speedtest). I tested a few times (at different times of day) and got really inconsistent speeds via this adaptor. Of course, the desktop has a bunch of stuff running so there are those variables. I ended up running a powerline adaptor into the room and got more consistent speeds, but roughly the same max speed. It may work for you; it may not. I feel I should have tried a cheaper adaptor first just to test.
The make of this is so poor. The motor died after 1 year an caused my system to overheat. Do not buy this product.
EDIT: Sadly, one cord stopped working after 1 day. The other 2 are still working. The price being what it is, I won't return it, too difficult as I don't know how to return just the one that quit working. I bought similar cords like this and each one lasted about 4-5 months before the end disconnected and they stopped working. These cords are the same, but for the price, I feel like i get money's worth if the 3 cords last time the year. I love the length, works well for my needs.
Here's why I gave it a three number 1 the water cooler bracket really sucks to put on my LGA 1151 socket. If there is any advice on how to do it that would be wonderful bc I can't get it screwed in spent hours trying to..just let me know thanks
Firstly, let me say the bag is well made. Very well made. However two things about it are troubling. Firstly, when I first carried it, my right wrist was in contact with it, resting against it, as I walked to work. Within about an hour, I'd developed a rash there. And I'm not someone who's allergic to everything. I guess it was something they treated the leather with. It did not agree with me. So if you're prone to allergies I'd maybe think twice. Also in terms of them treating the leather, it's color didn't seem completely set. By that i mean that when I wore a pair of very pale pants, it was clear to see that the bag's leather brown leather color had rubbed off on me as I'd walked along. They were just Jean pants and so easy to clean, but I remember thinking at the time "what if this had been someone's expensive pale winter coat or something that couldn't be simply thrown in the wash." So there you are. My two cents and two reasons I didn't give an otherwise excellent bag five stars.
The keyboard already has several dead keys after 4 months of light usage and careful handling. Looks like the warranty was only 30 days.
I bought ir for my daughter and first one didn't last long. By that time I had already ordered another one without knowing the issue. The second set also doesn't las t long and one of the batteries do not Charge.
Mine was cracked a little on the side but I didn't see it and when I went to place it on my iPad and when I was done I saw it was broken so I have a bubble of air that won't go away!
Let's start by saying I'm a perfectionist. I always try to make everything perfect to a fault. Reading many reviews these protectors won my vote. Unboxing I was please how all items very protected and labeled. The packaging is worth the money paid. Installation is well described and easy to install. I like the "sticker" dust removal tool the best. It worked perfectly. I looked at screen from many angles and not one spec of dust. I did notice spots on protector as soon as I removed it from its nice foam sleeve. I passed it off too them to be on the glass or film side. After I applied the protector I could determine they were on the adhesive side. I now have two spots I constantly stare at cause I know where they are and how much time I took to make sure it was perfectly clean. I looked at the second in the two pack and it looks perfect. I would swap them out but paid for two so I guess I will try not to stare at the two spots until a replacement is needed. Otherwise this product would have achieved 5 stars across the board. I purchased the Kindle fire 10 protector as well and it looks great on my son's tab and no bubbles or dust specs. Both his and mine are both highly responsive and very clear just wish out of the gate I wasent already one protector in the hole.
My first review was low because the shipment did not include everything. Missing the mouse and USB Wifi adapter. But the return process and refund was quick and I have no doubts the keyboard and mouse would have been great. Unfortunately I need one now so I had to go buy one instead of re-ordering.
My biggest issue was the package. I normally dont write reviews for my Amazon purchases. But this was so disappointing I had to write a review. The product came a day after it was supposed to which is not the companies fault I know that. But if my package is late atleast make it look acceptable to the eye. My package came in a big box I opened it then saw the box the wheel came in. Lifted it up and everything fell out of the box, the box was so damaged and falling apart I would be embarrassed if I sold that to someone like that. I felt that they dont care about my purchase and just threw it in a box and shipped it out.
I do like it once it is positioned but this cant be used on exercise equipment or if you will be touching it a lot. Simply put it wobbles hell of a lot with even the slightest amount of force. I wish this wasn't the case but I guess I cant really expect it not to.
My older one performed better. Spend more and get something better.
The cables worked fine, but about a month ago, after 5 months of use one of them will no longer charge. The other still works fine and I love it. Very handy when outlets are out of reach. Would have purchased again but I am a little hesitant.
I used it for my MacBook Pro...the product is ok but not as easy to install. I followed the instructions and used the products given to get rid of lint but still ended up with some underneath. It was a bit annoying trying to get it on. I managed to eventually get it on.
Works well, I don't really see any stronger signal or more distance for signal than with any other good router. Parental control doesnt work at all. Simply does not work.
Im a light typer. I could see numbers wearing off fast if you did a lot of typing. Great in low light.
not as durable as thought but it works
works OK. Little flimsy. Can't take a lot of weight.
Kinda sucks if you want to hold this on your lap. If shifting the iPad it slips out of the groove holding it up very easily. When closed it seems to do a great job and looks good though.
One has fallen off already.
Pro: Design quality of external casing Con: I purchased this on July 16, 2018. I am writing this review on April 8, 2019. After using this USB for many months on at least a weekly basis, I can honestly say that much of the time this USB does.. just ok. On several phones this USB will show up as "use this USB to charge phone" (Or something like) and no matter how many times you tell android to use it a mass storage device it will not mount. More than occasionally this drive will mount in android just fine at first and then after reading or writing to the disk it will unmount itself.. At first I thought this was some kind of time out in android, but no. It is a flaw with this drive. If I use any other type A drive (with a A to C adapter) I do not have this issue. Overall I give this little drive about a 60% reliable rating. At this point that 40% not mounting at all, or unmounting itself randomly forces me to both leave this "just ok" review and also retire the drive from regular use. It is a neat idea but I require something a lot more reliable in my line of work.
I have always liked Raspberry Pi's and their accessories. However I am not going to lie, I'm not super impressed with the quality of this camera. It works ok in really bright light, but otherwise is grainy and just "so so" with image quality.
Kids in game say that the mic is muffled hard to understand what i say
It works, but sometimes it randomly looses signal and then you have to literally smack the monitor and then it works fine again. Just as long as you don't move the monitor much, you'll be fine. But if you need something reliable for business, just buy a regular LCD monitor, don't go fancy and cheap.
This mouse worked well for the first 6 months but then it started to double click every time time the left mouse button is pushed. After further researching this problem, I found that many other customers are having the same experience. It is too frustrating to continue using the mouse since it is clicking all over the place, especially when doing design work.
Some stopped working. I only have one functioning one now. But for the price it's worth it.
These were working fine for a while. The one I use most in my car has stopped working which I thought odd, I will inquire as to how to get a replacement for the one. Otherwise these are very handy and for the most part work done
Was not able to adjust height and very difficult to adjust tilt
well enough made and should last a while
They work well for a while. But then the connection to the phone inevitably seems to loosen over time - especially if handling the phone while plugged in. Could be a combination of the stiffness/weight of the cord and the strength of the connection to the phone. Will try a different product next time.
For the price, it could be a little better. For instance, inside the plastic, they could simply add labels which screw is which size and the sizes didn't match will with my DELL laptop
The plug was too big but made it work a different way. Other than putting it through the device. A
I really like the material on this case and it does what it's suppose to do, protect the iPad. The problem is that the case doesn't stand up well and even if it's on a flat surface, such as a table, it isn't standing well.
The quality seems to be good but the color stains my laptop.
Never worked correctly. We ended up returning this one and bought the same thing for more money in the Apple store. Works like a charm so we apparently received a lemon.
Works good for the price.
So far it feels good, however, the picture and Gunnar official website shows 2 screws behind each Gunnar plate, as anyone can see in the third picture, there is only 1 screw per plate which makes me wonder if this are real or a copy... 3 stars for now.
The drivers that were included we version 7. Version 10 was not allowed to be downloaded online. Sound quality is mediocre
Would have put 5 stars if all the slots worked. Micro sd and sd slot do not work and one of the 2.0 usb slots works sometimes.
Tough to get remotes to plug in but works good once you do
The case has 3 buttons on the right side (the top one might be where a mute switch used to be, the lower 2 look like they are supposed to be the volume up and down buttons). The 2017 iPad only has 2 buttons (volume up and down) that don't line up with the buttons on the case. The top most button ends up being one of the volume controls and the middle button is the other volume control. The bottom button is just a dummy since there is no iPad button there. Also, the lightning port is not exactly centered so it makes it hard to insert the charging cable. On the positive side, I did put a paper towel in the case and it did pass the water test, so it is waterproof.
Seems to help a little in the heat.
EDIT great keyboard. fully corresponds to the parameters. well was packed. delivery on time Been using this keyboard for 3 months now, some keys are just lighting green, even if i turn the RGB lighting off, it keeps lighting green. Tried to fix with software, nothing helps. That's really annoying when i want to type without any lighting on my keyboard.
Memory card is good but the memory card reader is broken n it's useless. I had to spend extra money to buy a memory reader.
Didn't really like it.
I helped set this up for a friend of mine who wanted to put her TV where there was not access to a hardwired cable hookup. It's only about 15 feet across the room from antenna to antenna. It works well. Unfortunately, soon after the install it stopped working. I got on the phone with a service tech and had them help me run the system through some checks. It turns out the package was already defective, 5 months on. We asked for a refund, and they would not do that. They offered to send us a replacement. That is now in place, and so far works fine. But, personally, I'm leery of it's durability over time, hence the three star review.
The fact that this product was Microsoft 10S was the reason I declined to keep it. I would have preferred Microsoft Home or business.
Computer doesnt work once installed but dont know if it's the product or me
Easy replacement Update: as of 2/2019 the laptop no longer recognizes the battery and will not charge it. Don't know if that is just my system, but should be taken into account. Subtracting two stars.
has trouble charging and now won't turn on at all.
average at best, cheap price and cheap quality.
I have been using these in my security cameras and go pro, I wish they had more storage for the price but the are pretty decent.
One of the drive stopped working. This product could take over PNY or SanDisk market share if they focus on improving the quality.
It's not super good, But it looks Okay it's matt finish and it looks more like a normal sticker
I have mixed feelings here. This is a great bag, lots of compartments and durable material, but buyers should beware: the snap buckles on this bag can easily come off and get lost if the belt loop comes loose. This is a major flaw in my opinion. There should be something else securing the belt loop to the bag.
Received the item with lots of scratches!! Too bad bought a new one but seems an old one arrived. The unit is kinda ok but not that slim as I expected. And could be better if they also but a trackpad on it.
Had to send this back because it had the wrong connector (USB-C).
It fit my computer and is small, I like that. Unfortunately, it holds a charge for about an hour is all.
It was Great! For a while. I loved it until it broke 2 and a half months later
Need some improvement on it. It sends not a very good signal for my controllers when I'm playing my games. and it's using the PS 4 power when I think it should have a its own power supply
I got the item butt it's not the same as the picture shows I think it's different version of it but it's fine
Very low max volume. Probably due to USB power. Will purchace a AC powered system.
Still taking pictures, work, still evaluating.
I bought this for my brother but it died after 3 months of use. My brother is a power user, doing application development and gaming so his computer needs a consistent power supply. I bought this power supply because of its eco mode (save electricity) and its 80+ GOLD rating. I called their support and EVGA was prompt to sending me an RMA that's why I am giving it 3 starts.
I have larger hands and this was to small to be comfortable. I was using it with a note 8 and wasnt able to plug in a head set and charger and use it comfortably.
My "Enter" key is malfunctioning after only six month of usage. I tried removing the key and clean but iot kept malfunctioning, it only registers the click if you press it really hard
bought the wrong one
I love the key board, but it does not stay charged even when I'm using it. I was under the impression that when the i pad is set into the slat on the keyboard , that it charges, mine does not. So when your working, it will suddenly stop, and thus u stop .
I'm really disappointed in this bag. It does everything it says except for hold a lot! Three textbooks and my Macbook air and my kindle. But my wallet and pencil case etc has to be stuffed in and then the bag is tough to close.
It charges extremely slowly for some reason, also they should have made the area with the portable charge a different material or added some form of traction. I dont have a case on my phone and my phone always slides out of place so easily and isnt charging when i think that it is
Cute but the keys worse off very quickly and now I have patches of black in the keyboard since it just looks clear now and they keys underneath are black.
fast shipping, but 2 out of 3 already have a shortage!
Maybe I'm just not savvy to this kind of stuff but it was really difficult for me to apply. Bubbles were left all over the screen. Good protector though.
Nice but could get it to eork
I sometimes travel for work and also occasionally work from a coffee shop since my job is flexible. I wanted to make sure wandering eyes were kept away from my screen. Overall this is a great product and I was really going for ease of installation or the magnetic kind. It fits my 2010 13” MacBook perfectly and with simplicity. My laptop even closes with it on so that's a huge bonus. There's plenty of light that still comes through without having to turn my brightness all the way up so my only complaint is the privacy filter of this screen. I'd say it's more of a deterrent rather than privacy. True, there are others that could have been more effective, however, for the price point and the ease of install, it's a winner in my book and I recommend it.
Works for my old mac laptop but gets pretty hot.
I wanted to love this mouse I have been very pleased with redragon mice in the past this one sadly falls short of even my logi g502. The second row of buttons are very weak in this they feel worn out and it is new, I am expecting the others to feel the same very soon, the plastic is not like their previous product it feels very cheep in hand, the mode selector is on the bottom so quick access is not there with no way to validate other than opening the software to see what mode your in, finally even though the extra step feels good on the fingers it makes the base so wide if there is any uneven part of your desk it will teeter todder and miss inputs. For the price it is a good piece to test but I would recommend from my expirence paying 20$ more for another brand. Positives it does feel nice in hand even with the cheap plastic, the software is surprising doing well, easy to use and gives you multiple options such as double keying, lastly even though the side buttons need some love to input there are enough buttons to make anyone happy.
Super easy to install, in fact it's the first time I install a protector with only 3 bubbles showing and they came right out! I love the feel of the matte finish, also how writing and drawing with the Apple Pencil feels kind of like on paper. However, I ended up taking it off because when viewing anything on a white background there's like a color dot pattern that interferes with whatever is on the screen. If drawing, I can't see the detail of the drawing even if I zoom in because of this pattern. Doesn't happen if the background is black though. Anyway, it was too distracting and I just had to remove it. Bummer.
I bought today deco M5 but when I received the device it's not type C I don't know this is the different what i see in description
Since I only bought this to charge my MacBook I was very disappointed that it takes like an hour to charge it to 15%. At first I thought it wasn't charging at all. My regular USB-C cable from Apple charges very rapidly by comparison. I'm using the Apple iPad plug as the DC converter so I would think this would be similar to the USB-C DC converter plug that came with the MacBook. Maybe that's the issue. Either way it's really not a good solution.
It's slim, fit in my case. My other radiator didn't, so I have one external radiator and this one inside the case.. I would not be comfortable using this as my only radiator with the rig I put together, I don't think it would be enough -but- if you're building a tiny rig that's not pushing tons of heat this rad would be a good choice.
I love the concept easy to wear sound good .Problem for me .ear buds are uncomfortable
The gold color that I ordered isn't really good. It's more rose gold. I'm bummed about that.
We love the idea, but just be aware these units are very delicate.
Had to buy three before one would work
So slim and gorgeous, but the extras are useless. The pad? Clumbsy and too thick to close into the unit. Pen? Rube Goldberg design. Tablet mode guaranteed to fire off functions by accident. And does Chrome really not have tabs on here? Screen is glossy, keyboard is matte? I could go on...
So it's been 7 months and they are all broken. The 3ft broke first I carried that one around for travel. Then I gave the 6ft away I believe they was just too rough with it. But the 10 ft never left the house nor my room that was just my charger for my room. And that broke less than 10 mins ago. All broke from shortage.
The iPad fo not fit completely. It keep sliding out.
This worked awesome the first 2 weeks, I have been having issues after that which prolongs my production time.
These start to chip and crack after a month or two of normal usage. Comes with stickers to help with mounting
Unable to configure and app is hard to use. Not much help either
Not very comfortable. Tossed it after about a week
Has been unreliable for a plex server. Lacks power and needs to be rebooted occasionally.
The DPI button is easy to accidentally hit when gaming, which is really obnoxious
It started randomly flickering after a year of use. It worked great for a year. I guess its a hit or a miss with this one. I think $189 for a year-long life is a bit much.
It's not leather (as advertised), there are some differences between pictures and the product I received: there's no charging port on the side and there's one inside pocket missed. Backpack looks good, I hope it's resistant enough (as advertised).
Disappointed b/c the unit picked up only 3 stations, none of which were local to my area, set up was easy.
Absolutely unbearable LED. SO BRIGHT. They need to make a switch to turn this on/off, or make it significantly dimmer. So bright it's annoying to have anywhere near your line of sight even during daylight.
If you are looking to boost your TV's sound, this is not the soundbar for you. The audio is barely louder than the TV alone. This is a sound enhancer - it makes the volume richer, more robust but not louder. to me it is good if you like better tv sound easy to pair with your iPhone or any other device! there is good quality in the sound. i like it so far
For the price it's not terrible, but I would save up and just get a better one. It's super slow and the response time on the touchscreen is pretty bad as well.
This battery came in yesterday and it kinda look different than from the original so I installed the battery with ease but it looks like theres still a small space between the battery and the laptop from both sides. The battery life isn't what I inspected but I didn't really charge my laptop when I first installed it because I had to get ready for work. Then afterwards I went to meeting with my laptop and my laptop didn't last long due to me not charging it, but I say the battery drains a bit too quickly though. Because through the whole meeting my laptop was charging after I got home after a hour and a half my laptop needed to charge again. I kinda wanted a battery that lasts a bit 3 hours or more. So if you want to get this battery because you need a long lasting battery than do not buy this battery.
I like the print but the case did not stay on my laptop it kept falling off and the keyboard thing did not let me use all my keys.
Great product. It fit my iPad pro with the smart case AS well as a silicone back cover that I put on the back of my iPad. The stylus holder works for the pencil. I ended up putting some little rubber bands around the top of my apple pencil so that it wouldn't skip through the stylus holder or roll off my desk.
I thought it was going to be a soft touch case but it is rough material. Also the Apple is cut out and not flat/even with rest of case which I didn't like.
Overall it works. You just have to replug it sometimes. Files are always intact and everything looks great.
very protective but makes ur laptop very bulky and big
Wish cable length was longer
Did not like the fact that one of the wires stopped working was not damaged or crimped ...just stopped working. Was used on a galaxy s8plus
Seems to work okay. Just no way to tell if I'm getting a better signal or not
Protects well. However, it shows marks (fingerprints, surface rubbing, etc) a lot.
Too short. Needs to be a little taller. Too close to my face when lying flat on back
Great when new. It brakes easily if dropped. Fast and easy to carry around for both format cameras CF and SD.
I use this as a way of using a large directory of files that are on my desktop PC on my iPad, it does work for this however there are issues. If my iPad goes to sleep while still in the ScanDisk program when I wake it up and try to open a folder all the folders show empty, I need to back out of the scan disk program and reopen it. When I first got the device the lightning connector fit inside of a little protector, that didn't last long, so I'm not impressed with the folded design.
I've had this for 3 years. It always keeps my CPU cool but dang is this thing LOUD. I can hear it even if I put my headphones on..
Just didn't like the color
Physically in great shape no scratches or anything and the ports were perfect but there is backlight bleed all the way around the monitor this could have been caused by replacing the panel so I'm not gonna complain too much but still refurbished Vs. Used this would definitely be considered as used
Owned this item just over 2 years. Item recently stopped working. No abuse and little transportation of charger. Cord length is twice as long as the charger that came with my laptop. Feel like product should have lasted longer before failing.
I installed the fan (Second one ordered) and I had to start it with my finger, as it would only move a couple of CMs when first powered up. After turning the blade with my finger and letting it run for an hour, it would then start by itself. It does not instill a feeling of confidence in the product. Their fans are usually top quality.
It didn't say what year the tablet was made but I thought I was getting a new model. As it turns out it was made in 2016. I guess that is the way they keep selling their old stuff. I am not happy with it for the time you buy one it is out dated and getting one that is already 3 years old isn't good. dissappointed
Used for gaming, the actual pad for the mouse is too slick for laser based mice. I replaced the slick mouse pad part with a cheap mouse pad cut to the same shape and I haven't had anymore problems!
its ok but audio is low and back lit not working
the letter sleeve is nice but this case is bad. here why I thing is not for me, there is no pockets where you can put anything like your phone or pen. the computer stand in they picture is not real. the stand is just folding the lid down nothing else so the picture is deceiving.if it was above $12 I will have definitely returned it.
I plugged this in and I experience a strange sensation like it is simultaneously too touchy and too insensitive. Basically the acceleration is massive but the breaking point where the controller actually moves the character in game is too far so that you're darting left/right up/down back/forth all over the place. Tweaking in game sensitivity up/down did not remedy this problem and it is on the left stick too.
Way overpriced for the quality. Computer isn't necessarily slow, but it certainly isn't lightning fast, and there are a quite a few lag issues. 8G ram, so I know that's not the issue, especially when I'm talking about simply browsing and watching YouTube.
Came in today fast delivery but unfortunately came with a big scratch on the top right side. That was the only down fall. Also front won't clip into the laptop, seems it is also bent. I'm really disappointed
The place where you put your pencil in a little small. It's the perfect fit if you take off the cap. I just took a sharpie and made it a little longer and wider. Don't make it to wide or too longer where the pencil will fall out. If made to wide you can just simply super glue a piece of ribbon or elastic.
Bought March 2019, the outside vinyl is pulling from case at corners.
The case does not work very well in the position show in the picture. The iPad keeps slipping out of the top part of the case, unless the case is propped up perfectly on a flat/level surface (a problem that both of my boys have w their cases/iPads all day long in school). Very frustrating for both of them. Because of this, they frequently just don't even use the case.
adapter has a small gap when plugged to the micro USB cable.
is there help to use it
way too flat for big hands. The click sound is far from silent and very annoying. I went with the Amazon basics mouse, which is not only more silent but works better too.
This product seem like it'd be a good idea it just didn't go well with my tablet. My tablet's kind of heavy and it's easier to hold on the sides
I had a Solid State Drive failure within a few weeks of delivery. Called the service number, and it was replaced immediately with a new system install--still I had to transfer files, which I fortunately was able to recover with CHKDSK from the failed disk. (Though that took hours). The replacement drive was half the size of the original, however.
the item does not work at all... deffective ---dont buy from this buyer
worked ok but not fast and sata cable had to be replaced due to being faulty. lucky I had a extra on me to replace it with
It gave out great sound when it worked but its honestly not worth the troubleshooting and problems with set up. I don't know how it works with other platforms other than windows 10. Support for this product is none existent and the last update is from 2015.
Very cute but did not fit my Ipad 9.7. The case came smaller than the pictures shown on the reviews. The pictures shown on the reviews would have fit perfectly on my ipad 9.7 :(
Decent product but I would avoid this thing like the plague if you have an am4 mount. They make due with the old am3 clip and it just isn't good enough.
After a few tries finally got it keyboard and mouse working. Only down side is that you need to move the scroll button on the Mose to wake it up.
Bad battery, speaker and touchpad
I bought these so that I wouldn't have to replace all the charging cords when I got my Galaxy 9. I really like the little chain with the lobster-claw clasp on each of them that attaches them to the cord so you can unplug if you need to use the old-style charger plug, but it turns out they aren't very sturdy. Just unplugging the adapter was enough to break the chain off of the clasp. Good thing I bought the multi-pack, I guess... They work to charge the battery on my new phone, but I ran into a problem when I tried to use it with the cord in my car to connect to the SYNC system. It simply would not allow me to connect. So, I had to use the original Samsung cord in my car. When I need to connect to my computer, I have to bring the cord in from the car. A small inconvenience, but one that would be unnecessary if these functioned better, and honestly, I bought these to prevent the need to remember to carry one particular cord around with me everywhere.
Was really hoping this would work, but Access Controls, Parental Controls and DHCP Reservation are GARBAGE!!! I would really like to reserve IP addresses, but when I do, it blocks that address. Access Control & Parental controls won't let you restrict streaming devices. Will be returning this router and buying a better one.
Sounds quality was decent but not spectacular. Lack of volume control on the earbuds was disappointing. Difficult to sync. Right earbud stopped working after a few months of low to moderate use.
I assumed, yes my fault, that these were pre-soldered, based on the main photo. This photo is misleading, you need to soldered them yourself.
The case itself is nice and does the job it was supposed to do. However, it smells like rotten fish. It is nasty. I have tried airing it out, but it is still not totally gone from the inside felt.
I was going to send it back but ending up keeping it. It works better with Android than Apple products. You kinda have to hold it sideways to make it work. Other wise it charges fast and last a long time with each charge.
Great case but never got my keyboard cover. :/
Does not always stay in the phone.
I expected this thermal grease to outperform basic pre installed thermal grease, unfortunately it does not. This is just overpriced average thermal grease.
I was very good and the setup was not difficult so if you are looking for a cheap range extender
The buckle broke within only 3 weeks.
This UGREEN Tablet Stand Holder is completely made out of plastic & the body weight is too light. My experience of using it is not impressive. The locking mechanism is poor & I am afraid that it would worn out quickly. It is not stable with iPad 9.7 or similar size Samsung tablet. The feet contact area is quite slippery that badly need some higher friction material coating. Personally, I prefer solid aluminum. honestly the price is set too high for a plastic design.
It didn't work for my needs and I had passed the 30 day return policy to get a refund
very short range, will not allow Bluetooth to be very far away at all
Was supposed to be matte but it's not. It's not any easier to draw but I kept it anyways because I already took the time to put it on.
This product smells musty. It is an almost unbearable stench. It has made my Switch smell. So disappointed...Wouldn't buy this one
UPDATE: The seller sent another product to me due to the issues I was having. The new keyboard is working much better. I have tested every key on the new board, and so far I have had no problems. If the mouse works better with no lag, I will update my review again. Original Review: There is a delay in the mouse movement occasionally. The mouse also feels very cheap. Some may like the lightness of it. The keyboard was very impressive at first, but already the Caps Lock key sticks randomly and you have to repeatedly pound it to release. I had high hopes for this product. If any more problems occur I will be returning for different set.
The keys took too long to register on the screen. Went and got an Apple keyboard instead.
The ergonomics are good. General use movement is smooth. Precision gaming use is jittery. The movement jitters a bit when making small adjustments. Cleaning the ball and bearings doesn't fully resolve the issue. Also, the scroll wheel isn't consistent. Sometimes one click = one action. Other times it may take 2 or 3 detent clicks. The ELECOM website supposedly has mouse software to allow the extra buttons to be programmed but the download link is broken on the site. I bought this over the Logitec as this was a little cheaper and i had good results with the ELECOM Huge finger trackball but now i wonder if the Logitec would have been better.
It is okay not the best but good enough and it's kind of small and just overall moderate
I love the slim profile of this tablet case, but the plastic frame that holds the tablet has been breaking apart at the corners and leaving jagged edges.
upon opening the item, i saw dust on the fans and scratches on them as well. also when i tested the one and only fan i tested, i heard a ticking sound as the motor was in action. for the price of 3 rgb fans its not bad but you can tell they feel somewhat cheap. i suggest looking into more popular brands. if youre on a budget get these.
I would give this a five star review if the head didn't swirl around. This is a real problem when using the tablet to display sheet music at a gig. I need it to lock firmly into place, but it doesn't.
The shelf is good quality and works well for what I needed. A bit pricey but looks good.
Good case. Tons of room and configurations. Only giving 3 stars because the thumb screw for psu broke off inside the hole.
I like the cover but it has a white power on the bottom and its annoying when some keys are white with powder and some are clear. but overall its a good cover for the money.
I adored it at first. but after a couple weeks of using it, the mouse stopped working and now the keyboard goes to sleep (of sorts) and won't respond, in the middle of working on computer.
This is a good product but not a sturdy as I'd like. Thank goodness there are a few of them........
Nice case. Very stylish without to much flash. The insert for the pencil leaves a lot to be desired. Cheaply made foam. It doesn't stay inside the case well. But that could be a good thing. I can use a secondary sleeve for the pencil and store in the case. As far as tips and charger accessories(Gen 1), I use a small ziplock. Should have purchased the case with the zipper inside. Oh well.
was great until the joint broke. now i can't get it to stay up :(
Works just fine but is not as accessible and user friendly as you'd hope it would be. Should just act like a partition or folder on your computer from any connected household device (computer, tablet, phone, etc). The Buffalo software is really the problem, not the hardware. Configuration is sort of pain but works. Remote access is not too convenient. They'd make a killing if they were a better UX and software interface.
Seem well made, but very uncomfortable. I am a smallish woman with tiny ears, and they hurt my ears, cannot get them to fit comfortably. They fit my 6 year old well.
It worked amazing until it BROKE inside my 2018 MacBook Air. Had to use pliers to get it out. Had it less than a month UPDATE: I reordered another pair after the first one broke and they both stopped working within 2 weeks.
Picked these for the color that my son really wanted only to discover that this is not the actual color of the head set. The color in the photo is actually a light which only works when plugged in. Otherwise the quality is great!
If you're on the go a lot this product is not for you. I traveled with this specific model of Hard Drive almost every day. It required a lot of connecting and disconnecting, stuffing it into a bag, pulling it from a bag, connecting and disconnecting several times a day. It managed to last me about a year before it started thrashing one time and died. I had purchased the warranty and Seagate was happy to accept the product back to attempt to recover the data. They stripped the outer shell off but were unable to recover the data. They then proceeded to send me a new hard drive that had no outer shell. Now I have a hard drive that I can't travel with and a hard drive that doesn't work. It was very effective at storing data. So I can't say it was all bad. But it's far better for someone who isn't on the go. If you're going to plug it into a computer and just leave it there forever, it's perfectly fine. But if you're active you should consider another product.
it's okay... you can't use it with multiple cards at once... so if you have an sd and cf card, you have to only have one card in for it to show up... it gets the job done, but my cheap kingston adapter works better and can transfer multiple cards at once
Tried asking for a replacement but the only option is for them to replace the full thing. And Amazon sucks because only in some cases can you really contact the store; in this case you cant. So i couldn't even ask for a replacement for the fan. I had to buy another fan. Product itself in design is a bit hard to organize but aesthetically, it's awesome. If the store can contact me to send me a replacement fan, I'd be happy to change this to a 5 star.
Computer is sleek & sharp looking. The gold stands out nicely and the keypad is easy to use. My only concern is the screen. It tends to randomly flicker on & off. The process only lasts about 4 seconds, but the fact that it happens is a concern.
First one, the threading in the screw stripped so it wouldn't grab onto the imac. At this cost, the entire thing should be 100% metal (some is plastic).
Nice protective case but the pin for the stand in the back would always pop out so I'm always fixing it.
Seems like a great keyboard except for the fact that my backspace key barely works with normal pressure. If you press hard it will work consistently but it's definitely defective. I'll be looking for another keyboard.
I've only had this PSU for a few weeks but haven't had any issues other than the fact it's extremely loud ALL the time.
I have been looking for a small external monitor to attach to my laptop when doing work at home or during travel. I bought this one because it was apparently light, compact, and well functioning (and favorably reviewed). It does work well and is indeed easy to use. However, several things -- some of which I knew in advance -- are being a drag, now that I have been using it for a couple of months. First, the screen is quite small (which I should have know), which makes text hard to read. It's OK to watch video, but difficult for tasks that require actual reading. Second; it is powered through an external AC source, which forces you to carry a power adapter when you travel, be near a power outlet when you work, and have an extra cable around your machine when you use it (see picture). Third, it does not have a built in stand. Instead, it comes shipped with a detached stand, which is an extra thing to carry around (without losing) when you travel. Overall, I'd say I wish I had bought a slightly larger and nominally heavier one with an integrated power connection through USB. Other ones may be a little heavier on paper, but in the end less cumbersome to carry around and use.
Operating system is not on the SSD, the USB slots are way too tight, the finish attracts dust like crazy, the screen gets dim when not on AC power. As with most lap top computers it does not come with the PRO operating system. I would have loved to have had the choice for a Windows 10 PRO operating system, for a little more money. I need disk encryption and the HOME version does not have it. Therefore, I will have to pay for an upgrade to the PRO version. This computer is ok if you do not want to play current games on it. I do not play games on this computer and that is the reason I selected it. It takes a few minutes from when you press the on button, to when you can do any productivity on the computer. That is ok if you are not in a time crunch. The computer seems rugged, but I would not want to drop it to make sure. Oh! One last piece of information, the Windows 10 that comes installed on the computer is not current with updates, you have to spend several hours updating the operating system, The time to updates depends to some extent on the internet connection that is being used for the updating process. The updating process does require some human input.
Cables work but i cannot plug all 4 into my router as the connector end is too wide to fit them all, will have to buy cables without the sleeve at the end
It's OK - a little clumsy to fold up
First one didn't post and made some noise, 2nd one is good so far.
I like the product structure, however, it had connecting issues. Never was able to get it to find the Bluetooth.
Tried to WiFi a Samsung DVD player... can't connect. I think a Samsung issue....no there firmware available.
Nothing wrong with the flash drive itself, but the lid for the micro usb is annoying as heck. It doesn't lock or actually serve any purpose, it just flaps around and makes it bulkier. If you want a slim flash drive, there are other products out there, even ones with duo usb connections. Extremely disappointed, especially being a Kingston fanboy for computer parts.
The video camera and sound quality is poor.
It seems like in less than 10-15 minutes it goes into sleep mode, and i have to turn the little switch off/on to get the mouse back to life. If I had known that, I would not have bought it.
the screws don't work on the ssd drives
Bad. Got a lot of typo cuz it tends to cling to your fingers and thus make typing experience more sticky.
Has had to be fixed a bunch of times- touch screen not working mostly, power port brakes easily.
It's a decent pack of knockoff controllers for gaming, particularly emulating retro consoles. They all work well on Windows. Haven't had them long enough to attest to the durability. The material is as to be expected for the price. Came with a nice USB extension of decent length which is great. I bought this pack for use on my Android TV but they aren't recognized so that's a real bummer.
Sound quality is average, got worse than a year. But it looks awesome. There is a buzzing distortion sound if you listen closely
Not sure if it was a full 2 tb when I plugged it in my xbox read 1.8 tb
Good for office work
Fits a surface pro... I was very happy initially, I liked the size, color, soft interior but it lost shape quickly from putting the charger into the front pocket, one handle became extended after 2 months where the inside structure and just putting the charger in a few times so it carries lopsided now.
I have tried the white shells twice now, both times the right joy con would not close.up properly, it required me to open up the joycons and use a hobby knife to remove excess molding, as seen in other reviews. The trigger holding pieces they include feel a little more loose and require further travel than the stock Nintendo ones, I kept the stock gray Nintendo pieces in mine. The D pad works well enough and feels good. After time the white lines wore off, which is fine with me as they were not printed exactly centered.
I'm using this for my phone. Not even going to bother putting my iPad in it. It's tiny. REALLY tiny. It's built well. No real weight to it, however. But... it's just tiny and short. Expected more.
The ipad is heavy for this product....
The privacy filter was ordered to keep the glare down. This has helped immensely! I gave it 3 stars because the sticky tape included doesn't really work for my monitor. I cleaned it and installed but it kept falling off. I have it secured with a large bull dog clip!
Little awkward but like
I expected the wireless to be faster than it is using Comcast as the service and wireless service is spotty 15-20 feet away.
When I got it the first day it works great but after a couple days the efficient of it started going down and nowadays I have to wiggle it so much for it to connect
Plastic front shield started falling out of the frame soon after purchase.
Instead of making my pc looks neat, it does whole lot more mess.
It's alright. There were some marks on it when I got it. Thought I would be able to see the Apple logo through it but I can't.
Pros -love the adjustability - pretty color. Cons - doesn't quite match the curve of the Zen watch so it is CLEARLY an aftermarket watch band. Also the band links themselves and the magnetic clasp have rough spots that catch, snag and pick at some of my clothes.
Sometimes it won't work. I gotta beat it until it starts working again.
Excellent price, fast delivery, as described, great Customer Service!
It looks like it was used, based on the scratches on the bottom of it. Really bad lag. Thought it would be the perfect addition to my new laptop but it's no better than the mouse I replaced. Not at all happy with it.
Had to return as lining arrived ripped. Color was more gold (do NOT like gold!) than yellow. Ordered a more substantial set and am awaiting its delivery.
The case is built out of a high quality plastic and looks great when assembled. The issue is that the screws it came with didn't fit the Uno board properly and pulled through as soon as I out tension on them. Not using it atm as I need to find washers to use to keep the screws in place.
One of the controllers analog sticks went out after 3 weeks. The other one seems fine but I think I'll keep looking for sony branded.
It was a hood charger
Too big, and was supposed to be more adjustable. Comes with a little screwdriver and instructions to cut down, but I couldn't make it work. The customer service folks tried to help to their credit, but then didn't say I could return it, so.. just a loss for me, couldn't return I guess. Looked nice enough, but couldn't make it adjust able for real.
This product picks up a lot of background noise when you're trying to use it with dragon software, plus it doesn't catch everything you say correctly. You're unable to place the mic where you want it it always springs back to the same location. However it is very very comfortable to wear.
It is exactly the same as original apple charger just WAAAY cheaper. I bought it as a backup for my original charger, to keep one at home another at work, so I don't have to carry charger with me. It works perfectly - it does the same job as original charger.
It looks awesome I loved it. It no long stays on my computer, the bottom plastic cradled at the latch where it holds to your Mac
I've had this for less than a week and there is already a noticeable bulge (where the wires aren't spiraling nicely) near one end of the plug. It still works fine, but I don't think it's going to last very long.
I liked the color and LOVED the length. Unfortunately, just under 6 months of use and the 10 ft one and 6 ft one are garbage and luckily the 3' one is still working until I can get another one. The 6 footer frayed and eventually bent to where it was unsafe to plug in. The 10' took one small tumble and the pin bent, rendering it useless. Overall I feel I almost got my money worth. Just frustrating to have to buy cords all the time. They seemed quite durable, just didn't hold up over time.
Be careful to make sure this is the item you need as you cannot return it! I accidentally bought the wrong thing, I needed the HDMI adapter, not the display port adapter. Product is in good condition - I just wish I could exchange it for what I need.
It is bigger than I thought it would be, and the zipper is kind of weird and is larger than the bag. I am impressed with the material, and all the pockets, but the zipper concerns me, since it keeps getting tangled and sticks out of the bag. I will probably return it.
gave us a VGA wire..who even uses those anymore? but not an HDMI wire?!
Will update on the product if I decide to keep it. You need to register the tablet on their website, especially if you want the software bundled with the tablet. However, not only do you have to allow 3rd party cookies, but you must disable any and all privacy software, so that they can sell your information globally. This is disgraceful. I tried cutting back on my privacy controls, and it still wouldn't let me register. I've seen others complaining about the site - for as long as they've been in business, it's shameful. I also couldn't find a downloadable manual. You have to settle for their online one. Two things to be aware of: If you get the Bluetooth version, the battery is NOT replaceable! If you'd like to control the speed of the pointer, the software seems to have left that feature out for this model.
It is not the best it just looks blurry and i have all the settings good I would highly recommend the msi monitor its a little bit more money but way worth it.
Everything you want in a leather carry case EXCEPT a handle on top. This is very inconvenient when you want to grab and go. I always have to grab the strap and hope nothing falls out. It's still good. But could be great with a handle.
I've bought seven or eight of these so far. Three are still working. Every one, over about a year, develops a problem where the right analog stick wears out and starts reporting incorrectly. I love the controller, love the price, but they just don't last.
Outside skin for lack of better term is super thin and wears away quickly.
This was a cute backpack and I got a lot of complements. I wish the back had been padded because it was uncomfortable when I had my laptop in it. The shoulder padding was ok, it hurt if I had more than one textbook in it. My issue is the magnetic snaps broke within the first month and the strap only lasted a year before the tension buckle just broke. I wasn't rough with it but I was disappointed that it didn't last longer.
PC still picks up hand sometimes. Not 100%. Wrist part could be longer and would be better.
I'm giving this 3 stars because I could not get it to completely load the drivers on my work computer, so not all of the features work the way they're supposed it. I've tried changing back to the old one I was using so it would download those drivers and it worked perfectly. I waited a few days and went back to the Kensington thinking the drivers would be downloaded again, thinking it would work again, but it still didn't download the drivers properly. Other than that issue, I love the keyboard. I love the feel of the keys and the comfort of using the keyboard.
I like it . It is ok . Just slow in loading and freezes.
Although I really enjoyed the look and feel of this headset I really don't recommend it for any console controllers. The included adapter will stick out VERY far from the controller and the weight of both the microphone and audio cords plugged in. I would mostly recommend this for any PC gamer as it does of course connect through USB. Lastly, I primarily returned my set because the volume was very low. Which I discovered is a common problem for third party headsets w/microphones did not work well on my PS4 PRO. I tried troubleshooting for a couple hours until I gave up.
It may have been my fault maybe I didn't read the description well enough. Other than that it was a bit thin for my liking.
At first it worked perfectly. Then it started taking a little while to connect after I plugged it in. And now it either can't be recognized by my laptop or does get recognized but doesn't actually turn on.
Hurts your ears after wearing for more than 2 hours.
The side clips that hold the case on break off easily.
The speakers work, but not nearly as well as before. Also the speaker cable needs to be pulled out about an eighth of an inch to even get sound. I'll buy something else.
Not very load...ugh...
Nice appearance but impractical and easily broken
I love the case the only thing I don't like is how the easy the cap falls off. I lost the cap the second day I had this and when you're writing there's no where to store it which makes it easy to lose. The grip is great, it makes writing so much easier, but losing the cap really makes this product just "ok"
It doesn't really work on my laptop but works on my phone decently. Its original intent was for my laptop for drawing, but, oh well. It creates a million dots when I try to draw a line.
Yes, the main feature that I bought this for, the heated surface works great, but I felt that the precision of the pointer was off or flawed. I was never able to change the right settings to get this to work as efficiently as most other mice.
Buyer beware. if your planning on using this to build a fresh computer it doesnt come with any of the accessories in the pictures. ie Standoffs, screws, SATA cables, manual, adapter for front components or even an IO shield no drivers. I get that this is refurbished product. But it should come with the essentials to install it at the bare minimum not just a box and a board. Also my board was scratched on the IO, I had no m.2 screws or standoffs. Other than that the board does work but I definitely wouldn't buy it again if I knew the product I was going to receive not whats pictured.
It's annoying to have to continually put the charger back into the laptop; anytime I move it the slightest bit, it unplugs. Charges fine as long as it's sitting still, but I move from room to room and shift around a bit as I work.
I bought this headset to use for my online teaching. When it comes to sound quality, I can hear everything clearly. The microphone works well, but I did notice that when I put the mic in front of my mouth it picked up my breathing through my nose really well. I have had to re position it closer to my chin to fix that problem. I was also a little nervous about it looking like it was completely made of plastic, because those have tended to be uncomfortable to wear after a while. After trying them out for a day, I can wear them for about an hour and then I have to take a break because my ears get pinched. The pads rest directly on your ears, not around them like other headsets I have used. Aesthetically, they look nice coming out of the box. My only problem is the thick padding makes the headset look quite bulky. I would recommend them for the average person, maybe not a gamer or someone looking for great sound quality.
A good mouse with a good lifespan, but not the mouse for me. It is very large. The angles make it difficult to clean, especially on the underside of the mouse.
From a cosmetic point-of-view, the table cover is very nice. My concern lies with a couple functional aspects that make it annoying to use. I would have thought these would have been addressed/resolved when compared with a cover I purchased over two years ago: - Access to the volume buttons is difficult (deeper cutouts in the leather would fix this). - Same issue with access to the power charge receptacle. Just surprised that something this simple would exist in an otherwise quality product. I would not buy (or recommend) this cover again until the problems (especially with volume control) is fixed.
Nice case, wish it came with the higher end LL or HD series RGB fans though. The ones it comes with can't really do patterns very well and can't do multiple colors at the same time. Also it isn't compatible with ASUS Aura Sync.
It does not have 8gb and the moon's does not work, but that is easy to fix
Very bulky but it protects it all right. Like a jumbo magic marker sized thing.
This mouse has its pros and cons. Some pros are that you can change the speed of the cursor anytime by pressing the DPI button next to the scroll wheel, it feels very nice and comfortable in your hand, and the click pads have a nice click to them, and are easy and comfortable to press. It also has nice weight to it so its easy to move around. The cons though is that my scroll wheel started becoming defective after around 6 months. I can scroll down but when I try to scroll up, it does not work unless you move the wheel very slowly. Another con is that sometimes you can accidentally hit the back and forward buttons where your thumbs sit, which backs out of what your doing.
Not great volume but not bad for the money.
Delivery as expected. The battery was great lasting all day but faded fast. The screen is ok without backlight or strong overhead. Glares easily. Processing is slow especially when on line and these days everything is based on web service which is a downfall if you find yourself in a location without internet access.
The cord snapped on one of them. It still works and it still feels good in hand. The snapped cord makes me feel like its days are numbered though. At least it wasn't very expensive.
They're a great price for what you get. However, I have to be very careful with the placement of my phone. At a certain angle, the cables won't charge my phone. Woke up late once because of this and I'm now OCD about how my phone is placed before I sleep - have to make sure the charging symbol is shown. I've only tested 2 of the cables thus far. I'll probably end up seeing if any other the others work better and if they don't, get even more chargers but a different brand.
The case won't fit a Gameboy AND all the accessories. Headphones fell apart easily.
Western Digital Sold by: CAN'T BEAT US! It appears that Western Digital sold this everywhere but the summary page; SOLD BY CAN'T BEAT US!
The case seems nice but fits the 2018 iPad very tight. It also had a small tear in the leather I had to glue. Too much trouble to return.
i odered the blue and black and received the all black.
This took a very long time to arrive. Other than that, no issues.
I opted for a bluetooth mouse when I upgraded my MacBook Pro which only has the usb-c ports and my usb mouse (via the adapter I had to get) wasn't very responsive. This one is better, but only slightly. I've had it a few days and it's glitchy, the cursor jumps all over the screen. I'm not sure if the dpi makes any difference and I click the button hoping for improvement when it gets really bad. Admittedly I don't have a mouse pad and haven't used one in years. Since my desk has a glass top I've tried using a folder and notebook until I get mouse pad. I will update this review if there is improvement.
It's efficiently compressed and sturdy. The touchpad doesn't work on my iPad, though, which makes it feel like an awful waste of real estate that could have been used making the thing less cramped. It works great, however.
It looks and functions great and arrived right on time, however when I opened the plastic packaging the product smelled like old fish. Thought it was suspicious when my cat tried to violently open the packaging himself. Had to clean with multiple products to get rid of the smell
I bought a refurbished item and I'm assuming it works ok. But the performance is a little lacking and communicating with the extender isn't flexible. In terms of performance, I'm standing next to the extender and I'm getting 48% uplink speed at 2.4Ghz and 96% at 5Ghz. I bought this mainly for 2.4Ghz use. The signal strength is much lower, 58% at 2.4Ghz and 30% at 5Ghz. Initial Android setup was easy but it doesn't have the option to rename or hide the SSID. If the SSID name is the same as the source SSID, it adds EXT to the name, which I don't like. I'd prefer the name the same as the source SSID so it is as close to mesh extenders as possible. If I'm using my phone, I simply disconnect and reconnect. It picks the SSID (source or extender) with the stronger signal. If the names are different, I have to consciously pick the SSID with the best signal. In order to fix those issues, I have to use a desktop browser via Ethernet. The only way to communicate to the extender wirelessly from the desktop browser is to press the reset button on the extender. But this erases the prior settings. Overall it seems to do the job for IOT devices. Performance is not a major concern. If you're looking for streaming performance I'm not sure this is the one.
I bought these cables 9 months ago. I do like the colors and the length, but the charge didn't last. Literally all of my chargers stopped working in the same week! I have to order new cables, and I'm not harsh on cables. I literally use them to charge my phone at night. So caution....you won't get a full year of use out of these, but they look good.
The Bluetooth keyboard doesn't stay connected, you have to reconnect every time you close the iPad, The case holds the iPad securely, but if you put a screen protector on, it shifts the protector, making it hard to touch the Ipad
Works exceptionally well. I was surprised at its efficiency. Updated review: I have used this for a few months now and had to drop the rating to 3 star. The display port & one USB port still works but the 2nd USB, SD and ethernet ports don't work all the time. This get frustrating and I have tried several unplug/replug/reboot options but none seem to work. I do notice that it is getting warmer than it used to...
This mouse does not work reliably with MacOS. The cursor goes missing. Works fine with Linux.
Not very loud. Bluetooth works well.
Screen protector does it's job but gives the screen a cheap think plastic feel. If you have the option to get tempered glass I would suggest doing so
Heatsink is nice addition cosmetically it's pretty nice but getting power reset button to work is a pain I prefer the unsafe shutdown of retroflag case over hassle of getting power reset button to work using their script
I like the sturdiness of the case; that is why I bought it. I was surprised to find the lock came with a plastic key and you don't even need that to open it; just a screw driver or other tool. Good thing I bought it for my private home! You need to screw the drives down; no quick release here. My son tried it, powered down of course, by sliding a drive onto a sled and then loaded sled into the case. When he pulled out the slide, the drive stayed inside the case; definitely need to screw drive into sled. My son bought a single unit (StarTech) for $19 and had a better locking system (like on vending machines) and a quick release of the drive (pop out arm), so no tool is required to remove the drive from the sled.
I would have liked to give this a 5 star but the truth is I have had many screen protectors that were glass and this does NOT feel, sound, or seem like glass but instead plastic. This seems to be a common problem with screen protectors but there are still many brands out there that definitely do give you what you order. That said, I couldn't wait to send this back and order something else again so I ended up keeping it. This screen protector is light weight, clear when cleaned, and was very easy to install. This is why I still felt it deserved at least the 3 star. I can't rightfully give it the 5 stars because it is not what it says it is and the anti-smudging is not exactly great anti-smudging, but since it will gets the job done and is clear when cleaned 3 stars felt right. Especially since it took me just a minute to install and there were no bubbles at all. All in all its a OK protector I just wish it had been the glass that I ordered and the anti-smudging that it claimed to be.
Has unlisted user limitations
The top holds on well. I purchased the blue one, it is slightly transparent. The bottom does not hold on to well. It comes off and won't fit on to well.
Tabs on 2 of the keystones were brittle and broke off during installation. Remaining keystones were fine and all of them passed Ethernet at expected speeds.
This hub works fine to connect your peripheral devices BUT IT DOES NOT CHARGE the Laptop. So, beware.
They're built like what you would aspect of noctua. I knew they are the cheap ones but they are loud. They move alot of air but at the cost of a good amount of noise.
Not as clear as I had wanted many people have a hard time hearing and understanding. Not good for online game communication.
This is a very beautiful mouse with a vibrant RGB display. The software from Corsair allows for customization in DPI and light colors options. Although there is one major down side to this gaming mouse. The biggest grip with the mouse is how difficult remapping the mouse buttons. It took me 20 minutes to get my mouse to be set up for Apex Legends. I really wish that Corsair would update their software to be more like Logitech; in the sense of auto detecting games that are launched and having a more user friendly software for easy programming. Don't get me wrong this gaming mouse still performs well in accuracy and response. Just the setting it up to multiple games will take a while
Arrived in 2 days, looks great but I apparently ordered a mini instead of regular and to return is almost $9 (kind of steep) bummer!
The colors seem great, I'm not sure if it's our internet connection or the tablet it's self seems really slow, kids get frustrated, all they really want to do now is YouTube videos.we are going to keep trying to see if we can make it work.
I love the product I tend to drop my phone alot... So if I didn't have these on my phone my screen would be shattered... Downfall is once it cracks it's no good will need to replace
This ultra thin decal looks amazing. Unless you know there is something on there you would never guess that it's on. Protection wise - I'd say it's not going to protect against any bumps or drops but it will definitely help with all "light" scratches that you would get under normal use. My complaint is... When putting this in a backpack it will eventually start to lift on the corners. I did try to reach out to the seller and their response was more on the line of... IF (as in... if you decide to take your MOBILE tablet out) put it in a protective cover. In other words - put this on your surface AND put a cover (or put it in a case) to prevent that from happening. I can see their point but i feel that the skin should be able to hold on a little bit longer. In conclusion, the looks are 100% there - enough that I picked up a Surface Go skin from the same seller - just wished 1. it was a little more "Heavy Duty" or 2. Charge me a bit more and give me two skins or have a warranty for a replacement if it starts peeling. I may be asking for much but... oh well.
I bought this Raspberry Pi kit with the plan to use it like a Mini PC. That may be doable for some but I was not happy with the performance. I also could not get Netflix to work on it which was pretty frustrating. The kit itself arrived quickly and contained all needed components. Since it didn't work very well for a Mini PC I decided to run emulation station and that works well. I feel overall this kit was a pretty good value and I would recommend it to a friend who wanted to use it for game emulation.
Good deal for the price but the stickers I got were nothing that were shown as advertised. Still good for the price.
Good for just browsing and word processing, but don't expect "high performance". It's pretty slow in comparison to previous laptops and has trouble switching from one task to the next. Sometimes even switching between tabs on a browser gives it some difficulty and produces a lag. Tried to use this computer for some video editing and found it impossible.
Mine slipped on very easily. That was nice; but it feels like it doesn't fit correctly - like it's loose. When I use the Pencil with it on, it almost feels sloppy. I like that it works with the tip cap on, and that it still attaches and charges through the side of the iPad. But the looseness bothers me. It might need to go back to Amazon.
Overall firmness of the product is great. Had a small struggle trying to seperate the 2 pieces. I have also encountered issues while playing games where my touch to the screen is not picked up. Maybe the preinstalled screen protector?
The first two weeks I had it it was terrible. It would connect to wifi and be fine for a minute or two and then it would be connected with no internet and I'd have to turn the wifi on it off and on again to get another minute or two of internet. It's been fine since, other then freezing a couple times and needing to restart it. For price though it's fine.
Not what I was wanting. It doesn't have a screen protector and with kids that is a must
As other reviewers stated, this is only half an iPad cover, the iPad itself serves as the other half. I like the style, however I am having an issue with the letters either not typing at all or printing 2 or 3 times (when I only needed 1 time). That is very annoying and I have to remember to go back & check what I've written or it can be a big mess. I've had it 3 weeks & am not completely used to the keyboard action. Also, it took a couple of weeks for me to figure out where the apostrophe is, thought it was missing (it's on the O). Not sure I would recommend this keyboard to a friend.
I like this product. The POE works as it should with my office phone, as well as enabling the rest of the ports to use GB connection. However, Linksys is no longer including an ethernet cable with the product. REALLY! They use to in every other switch and router I purchased. Lucky for me, my office has an extra cable. Stop being cheap and include everything I need to hook up the device.
Very hard to adjust to the desired height and angle. You have to jam your legs under it, and it just didn't work for me. I also didn't want to put Velcro on my expensive laptop/tablet convertible. I just bought the wrong product. It has been returned.
I like that the tablet is compact. I had a little problem loading the software from the CD. But found that getting the software from the site was easier. I also didn't push the usb port all the way in (I guess my eagerness to use it distracted me from that little important step). So software and pen working, I started to use it. I would say it's kind hard to use for me because I use a mouse on my right hand and a write with my left hand and when I write I turn my paper to the side and it was hard to turn the tablet to the side and write in a straight line. I don't like that the placement of the pen on the tablet doesn't correspond to what you see on the computer screen. Kind of not liking the fact that the pen doesn't have to touch the pad to move the cursor on screen. I drew a picture with Microsoft Ink and I found it was difficult to control the pen and practiced my signature in Word and I found that writing straight across was difficult but then I had to consider that I do turn the paper sideways when I write since I'm left handed. So I had to slant the tablet in such a way that it would allow me to write straight. I tried writing my signature on Adobe acrobat pro but it was difficult because the writing strokes kept skipping and it wasn't consistent. When I purchased this tablet I just wanted something that would allow me to do some digital sketching, digital signatures, and maybe some digital painting. But the issue is control. I do like the pen but would prefer that it not have the buttons that interfere with my mouse and it moves the icons on my desktop. For 20 bucks, I expected a more simple effective tablet that's not too complicated to adjust. I want to give it a chance and I want to adjust to it. I had a wacom before (way back when) but didn't want one this time. So, it's not a bad tablet, but for me I have to get used to it first. That's why it's getting a 3 star rating.
I received the fan today and I love the way it looks but it rattles.
Very clever design. Blends into your notebooks and papers while in the closed position. My concern is when the case is in “stand mode” it's very flimsy and collapsed often. The triangular stand position Was not very durable. Also, the case does add some noticeable heft (weight) to the iPad .
It was ok quality... the rubber pieces started breaking and tearing after just a week or two of having it on my sons tablet. :(
The actual cover is a matte finish and is nice enough. My low rating is because it smells like incense. It is a very strong smell and reminds me of patchouli... which I hate. Not sure why the strong smell, but it's horrible and I leave in a few days for a month and don't have time to send back because I need to protect my computer on my trip.
It works okay but after awhile it charges slowly and sometimes doesn't charge at all.
Worked perfectly with raspberry pi 3b+ but the package says TFT. In amazon the description says IPS. I bought this item because I already owned different screens that are TFT. The whole purpose was to get an IPS screen...
inexpensive. still holding up.
Did what I needed at a reasonable price.
I didn't think it would handle the abuse I give a laptop bag.
Just not as big as i hoped it would be. It is made well, though and looks good. Let it sit out to get rid of some of the smell. It dissipates quickly. I will get a lot of good use from it though.
Love all of it, except the keyboard protector does not stay still. Was definitely worth the money!
Bought this to download my pictures off my phone and I can't get them to download. Maybe this is not for that use.
Was hoping to like this better. The stand popped out and wouldn't go back in very well. Then it got dropped and broke off clean - leaving the iPad exposed/unprotected in areas . Almost a great design . I hate the thought of the exposure .
Works great with my security cameras
Purchased the warranty for an item. However the item was never received at its location. Contacted Aidan of Squaretrade and he was quick to respond to cancelling the warranty and provide a refund. I can wait the 3-5 business days for the refund but his customer service is top notch! He was much more quick and empathetic to my situation than Amazon's Claims Department. I had to wait over 30 minutes to talk to RJ the Supervisor who finally provided me a refund.
Usb cable broke in less than a year.
Very disappointed that it has to be charged separately. The original one from Surface didn't have to be charged separately but also didn't have the backlighting. Doesn't fit as snug against the tablet as the Surface model does. I will use, just got used to Surface. I will say I like the key board better.
Feels like it will fall out of my ear all the time, constantly pushing it in
Super great durability, very tough material on the exterior. But what good is the outside if you can't fit all the goods on the inside... I have the camera only inside, zips up with minor difficulty; camera + charger cord, zips up with a struggle; camera + cord + 2 packs of paper, nearly impossible and may actually break the bag itself. There are sleeves inside the case to stick small cords and attachments, and I didn't even put anything in those pouches! Quite silly how little space there actually is. Gonna try it out and see how long the zipper will actually hold for...
Work well but occasionally cut out and I have to unplug them and reconnect
I needed a replacement mouse with the capability of left- and right-clicking of the wheel. This one is much larger and heavier than my old wired Logitech mouse which I loved but on which the right-click of the wheel had become unusable. Couldn't find the same model again, so settled for this one. It works well, but I will continue looking for a smaller, lighter mouse.
Well made but large and bulky. Some of the buttons are hard to access, such as the on switch and fingerprint detection.
I need directions on how to use this. Can't even read the tiny print on the little folded paper. I want to remove my pictures but nothing else on my iPhone and iPad Pro. If this product performs that well I will write a glowing report of the product and your service. In the meantime I am afraid to get started for fear of removing items I don't want to lose.
The thing that disappoints me is that you CAN'T use an external keyboard or mouse when the Acer flip is in tablet mode. When these items are attached the screen won't rotate. This isn't mentioned in the description. After trying it numerous times I began a chat with Acer. They repeatedly asked many questions and FINALLY said externals could't be used in tablet mode.
the item arrived in a good condition and everything but it stoped working in a month, and i just used it on my nintendo switch
Cheep made good for the price little on the bulked side but come with everything thing you need and and large band too
seems very light and plastic seems cheap, but it works and I guess thats what counts.
Too yellow for bathroom but loved the look
Only complain is that does not have built-in screen protector. I bought another case for my dad's tablet that does include it for a similar price
The one that was delivered to me is a bit different from the product image. Firstly, the stick figure characters are on opposite sides in comparison to the product image, i.e. their positions are flipped, which also confused me with regards to how to install it. Secondly, the one pushing has a black piece under it and its hands are shaped so differently that makes it almost impossible to make the character appear that its actually "pushing" the trackpad; in other words, there's no proper contact between the pushing stick figure's hands and the trackpad. Installation was quite easy, though I had to look up some online videos on how to apply decal, as it's my first time attempting such. To the credit of the company, they did provide some instructions through a website that was listed on the product package when it arrived, but the information on the site though detailed, was not enough for me (probably because I had never done it before).
Monitor is awesome but the stand came bent. I seen a review with this same problem.
Laptop was packaged well... looks and feels sleek however there was no fingerprint sensor... very disappointed about that
Picture was great, cord never left my TV and wasn't put under any kind of stress by any means. HDMI side melted in about of amonth of using it every few days for a couple hours. I have a brand new TV and none of my other HDMI plugs have ever melted to the point of no use. Guess for the money though that you get what you pay for!
Purchased this with a very specific use in mind, and verified all of the components purchased would fit within the specs. Not the easiest case to work with, but about what you would expect for a 2U unit. Has enough internal space for a basic system, but extremely limited if you are using 3.5 HDD at all. Biggest complaint is that the front USB panel fried 3 wireless keyboard receivers. As someone experienced with computer build configurations, I can verify that this was not a hookup error. Even tested with another motherboard and had the same results. Unfortunate that the positive price point on this case was heavily overshadowed by low quality components. Also, the two included fans are extremely noisy and were immediately replaced buy after-market components.
The top cover does not cover the laptop the same on both sides. The keyboard cover is a little too stretched out to work comfortably.
I have been wearing them at night when looking at my smartphone or computer screen. Not sure how much they help with sleep since I still have some nights when falling asleep is difficult. I will continue to use them since I feel they are protecting my eyes.
I use it for my new i5-8400 cpu, yes it did lower the temperature about 5-10 celsius, but I still running on 90+ celsius on Far Cry 5 in 1440p. And 95+ Celsius on Prime95 stress test. It's twice larger than the stock cooler I expected a bit more from it. But it is still one of the cheapest cpu cooler so what can I say
its strong, but the peg the arm goes in wore out in a couple of months, I tried to put toilet paper in it & it holds sometimes, but design flaw in my opinion. The swing arm wont stay in place.
The traces it draws are not very uniform, but they are very easy.
Others have mentioned having trouble on Dell Laptops ... figured I would take the gamble. The round fuzzy dome end works fine on my Dell XPS 13 Laptop screen, but the plastic disc end does NOT work at all.
The charger works....if its connected upside down. Not sure if it's an issue with my batter or the charger, but you get what you paid for and this does the job.
Worked for a while and now only have will charge
product arrived with combo lock on main case no combination information given so it was trial and error to open product is cheaply made and not the quality I thought it would be.
It worked quite well right of the bat, but died after 3 days.
The first one I tried failed after a couple of weeks. The small protruding tabs which keep the cord in the phone depressed and will not pop back out. When I plug it in, it just falls out. The second one is so far so good for 2 weeks. The cord itself is very strong and unlikely to break.
Purchased at the end of August. Used 2 and kept 1 as a spare. One died after 3 months and got the spare out and it didn't work at all. 1 cord still ok.
you have to change bands with a switch. other than that is had good range
Overall, its a decent tablet for the money. The only issue I had was that one spot in the tablet was messed up on arrival and causes the pen to malfunction when it goes over it. This causes odd lines when drawing over that one spot
It is some kind of joke stating 3 years battery life, because this mouse started double clicks in ten months. Overall it is good mouse, but apparently we are living in waste producing world.
I realized when I bought it that it doesn't have rgb headers I'm conclusive on how is it rgb when it doesn't have headers
It is lightweight but my iPad slips out the case sometimes which isn't good. Also the case does not stay folded in the back to rest it in an angle
The reason I gave this a 3 is It Doesn't quite fit the iPad and it aligned where it is easy to access the edge so that Exit programs, therefore the kids end up taking ithe case off, Which defeats the purpose of having it. In addition it would be nice to be able to put the iPad in It and still have it have a built in screen protector. I think it would be awesome to be able to have an Otter box with a handle or strap for carrying that fits the 12.9 iPad Pro Gen 3. I have two of these iPads and the grandkids use them all the time. One recently had the screen and case repaired, the kids had removed it from the case and it got dropped on its corner.
Very challenging to get access to the actual USB port. I bought this for my daughter to use at school, however she can't pull it apart on her own.
Warning you need long thumbs for this to function as intended. I thought I had decent size hands but I guess the engineer that designed this was a giant.
They came exactly as advertised.
Although I do like the case overall, it was entirely too big for my 2016 Macbook Pro 13 inch. It definitely slides around in the case, which I personally do not like or feel comfortable with. Maybe I was delivered a 15 inch by accident? But I definitely ordered a 13 inch expecting it to fit so that was kind of a bummer for the price I paid for it. Other than the case being way too big, it is alright.
It's a bit too brittle
have to modify prior 5 stars --- this was a gift for our son and he opened the bag to organize his stuff in it. SMELLS badly - B.O. smell.
The product itself is fine and works as expected. However it's absolutely ridiculous that it took 3 months for payment to process and then just magically went through, unexpectedly, 3 days before Christmas. So disappointed.
I don't know what this covers, so I've never used it. Probably purchased it by mistake and never knew it.
I received the charger in September and by the first of December it would not charge my computer. I had to purchase a new Apple charger anyway. It ended up costing me more than if I just bought the Apple charger in the first place.
it fits right. but didn't work for my Surfacebook
In the past, I bought several alphabet sets from this same seller. The stick-on labels felt good on the fingers and lasted a long time before some needed to be individually replaced. The new ones are easy to apply, but they feel very rough to the fingertips, almost like fine sandpaper. The tactile sensation is uncomfortable and the edges feel rough. Maybe the manufacturer will use a different material in the future. Here's hoping!
Well the keyborad protector is great, but when I try to close my macbook it leave a gap between. It doesn't close all the way. Everything else was great. Loved the traveling case and the case itself.
I saw it in a review and said what the heck... and low and behold its kinda annoying but I'm going to see if I can get used to it. Otherwise, it's a great mouse. Software is easy to use but you do need to map the buttons.
Well it works so thats a plus, but the main reason I bought the fan hub was to make my fans run slower, even put a fan in red header like some people said to do but it only adjusted the speed of that one fan.
I'm not sure why but these don't seem to last a long time. When they work, they are really nice but they do go bad. Ordered these for our office and my guess is that approximately 85% will last a few years but the others last less and need to be replaced.
I've only been using it for a week and the silicone is already ripped on the side of some keys. The durability is not good.
Allows water under the cover and makes the touch screen hard to use.
Its a good case, but its heavy, add a little weight to my macbook air
Decent, not really great.
It gets the job done.The top comes off to easy. It's filmsy
Good functionality. The picture on the website is not accurate. It's the same picture, but compressed on the mouse pad, so that the puppies all look abnormally thin.
Seems to work fine but it doesn't charge my iPhone if I have a case on it. Haven't had this issue with other chargers. Kind of annoying to have to take off my phone case every time I need to charge.
Nice product - I ordered the wrong size so I am not sure how it works. Nice though.
I bought this mouse about 6 months ago. Great hand feel, nice long cord, overall a good mouse; at first. Worked great until last week, then the mouse wheel started scrolling erratically. Sometimes scrolling up moves the screen down, and vice versa. It looks like it will be a pain to open, so I guess I'll start looking for a new mouse.
In theory, it's great. However, where the handle is installed makes the backback very uncomfortable to wear. We much prefer rolling it.
It's okay. Should of looked for the 3 pack of all long cords
It appears to be genuine lenovo. Is a 3 prong cord instead of the 2 prong that comes with the laptops new. Since it can be difficult to find 3 prong outlets, returned them.
Does it's job. Not made in high quality
The keyboard is good. The mouse sucks! I need to use it for graphics (PDF editing, AutoCAD, etc.) and it get hung up and won't move where it needs to. Also, I never had the need to use the DPI button on the top of the mouse but it's worth noting that my DPI button does nothing whatsoever. I'm now looking for a second USB mouse. What a bummer and waste of resources, money, landfill space, and time.
I was nice made but was returned since I wasn't able to use with my MacBook Pro hard cover. I wasn't able to plug adapter in all the way unless I removed the hard cover each time. Not worth my time.
Worked well till one side went out.
They will break after a couple months of use. But for the price I didn't mind because I just bought more.
Comfortable bag. The all black interior makes it difficult to find things. Was expecting more room with 40L capacity but it does the job.
I have used this mouse for a couple of weeks now... It was a very good mouse for gaming and other purposes. When I first ordered this mouse, I looked at the reviews and saw some people complaining about the sensor. I thought that they might have gotten a defective copy of the item so I went ahead and ordered it. After a week or so, the sensor started to randomly stop tracking my in game movements and really frustrated me, I have tried cleaning the sensor and reinstalling the software but these "solutions" didn't seem to work.
Hu. I just bought this tablet. How can I open the simcard slot. I can't get it open. Can someone please help?
It didn't come with everything.
This product did NOT enable me to connect my keyboard to my computer.
Finally fell apart not the best but it was not bad for the price.
It wasn't as good as I thought it would be. The side doesn't hold it in real well
Ok transfer rate, the red led is ridiculous
When first bought, initially thought they were a fine tip, theyre great if youre older and need something besides your finger, if youre buying to draw with, dont bother. 110% regret not looking more into them before purchasing because i will not use these. Money wasted but my own fault.
Nice Android tablet. Battery is fine. Last about 3-4 days on average use. Keyboard is absolutely horrible. Random keys are being pressed while typing. Other than that, not a bad tablet for the price. My iPad is far better but you get what you pay for. I'm moving away from Apple which is why I bought this.
I can't seem to figure out what the issue is but I cant connect to the internet from my iPad while using this. I disconnect from WiFi and cellular data but nothing works. I'm sure the product is good, everyone says good things about it. If someone could help that would be awesome
states its 16 gig only 14. works good though
Did not work for what I needed it for, might be a great for someone else but 7 edge isn't compatible with this device.
Works okay but does not fit snugly in port (wiggles).
Just received the keyboard and cover. It was easy to set up and I think I am going to like it.
I bought a black case with the keyboard cover, and found that the keyboard cover is really nice and does a great job in preventing glossy/oily keys. The case itself stains easily -- even small amounts of natural oil on fingers that get on the case don't go away even with isopropyl alcohol. I've had it for a week and already have scratches on the sides. It also definitely added a weight to the laptop; it appears to be more lightweight than it actually is. Overall it's a mediocre purchase for the price.
The left button stick now and then. Would not rebuy. Poor quality.
OK enclosure. Could not return after reading that Western Digital (non-enterprise edition) disks do not support RAID in ICY Dock manual. In my case I wanted to provide a reliable and small backup drive to operate in RAID 1 mode to store all of my precious personal files and photos. The problem with RAID is that if the enclosure controller fails in a low cost system you will probably not be able to get an exact replacement and both of your redundant RAID 1 copies will need to be wiped. Also, the enclosure latches really are not secure and the fan is noisy even when set to lower speeds. Overall, I would suggest consumers buy 2 backup drives with adequate capacity for their application. Run automatic backup and do a manual backup every 3 or 6 months on the second drive. This drive should be stored in a remote location from the main backup drive in case of fire, flood or other disaster. Drives like WD My Book get the job done without noisy fans and are a good value vs time and money to build your own RAID 1 disk.
Doesn't hold laptop cord or mouse well due to being very slim case.
The charging speed is ok. It takes about a couple of hours to fully charge my mac pro 13 inch. the biggest problem with this charger is that it gets really hot really fast. Long term durability is definitive questionable.
Item was purchased as a gift. I was told that it works great.
The specs on the computer are as advertised. WiFi and Bluetooth come from really cheap dongles. The monitor very disappointing. Even though it's refurbished, cosmetically it was in bad shape.
Great feeling and sturdy keyboard, but it's very noisy. If you're an average home user and like having a quiet office, or share an office with an aggressive typist, then this is not the keyboard for you. Getting the USB cable inserted into the port on the underside of the keyboard was difficult due to it being recessed and a mini-USB ended cable. If I wasn't so sensitive to noise, I'd keep it.
Well...I'll say one thing good and that's that its a great temporary case to show off before getting your long term case. That's especially true because of the price and because it looked great on my space grey 15 inch 2017 MacBook. That aside, once it starts going towards a month the base section of the case starts cracking. after the cracking the 4 white rubber base grips start disappearing one after the other like magic simply because the adhesive wears off fast. in the end I have none left. So after my brief time with this case I upgraded.
Keeps shutting off after 1 min.
I WANTED A 3.5" READER AND THIS UNIT WANTS TO FORMAT EVERYTHING WHICH WILL ERASE WHATEVER IS IN THE DISK! THIS IS NOT WHAT I WANTED/NEEDED!
Cracked after 5 months of gentle use
I had this for almost 2 years, and it was alright. After about a year and a half, the mouse wheel started sometimes scrolling in the other direction, which was super annoying. Shortly after that, the front of the mouse started peeling off. That's alright, it lasted for 2 years I guess. Other than it falling apart, the mouse was pretty uncomfortable to use for long periods of time. My hand gradually became more comfortable with it, but it never fully got used to it. This isn't a bad choice, especially if you have other Asus products, but it's not the best.
This keyboard/mouse combo is fine for limited usage. In my case, I just wanted them to occasionally use with my work laptop while at home. This keyboard and mouse will not be satisfactory daily, frequent usage. Both are extremely basic; there's nothing special or notable about either. They do the jobs they are meant to do, with some minor issues. The mouse is pretty small. It's closer in size to a 'travel' mouse than a standard desktop, wireless mouse. Otherwise, the button functions and scrolling work as expected. The keyboard size is about standard; I didn't have any 'learning curve' in adjusting to key spacing or size. The wireless range of the keyboard seems to be pretty limited. On my desk, close to the PC, it works fine. Placed on my lap with my chair swiveled only a few degrees away and the connection becomes very glitchy.
I bought this for a smartphone. I was recording into the headphone jack, getting static, so I wanted to try the USB port to see if it was cleaner. The mic input is cleaner, so the main mission is accomplished. BUT - plugging into the headphone side does nothing. The output still comes through the phone speakers. Having researched phone inputs for a few months, I suspect this is a case of backward TRRS connections, this being designed for computer inputs. Research for yourself, you'll see what I mean - there are two "standard" TRRS wirings. I'm keeping it, I'm happy with it, I can still plug my 3.5mm headphones into the headphone jack while plugging my 3.5 mic jack into USB through this gadget. Just be aware - on a phone, it only does half the job.
Loved the cord at first, but after approximately one months use it has frayed where charge attaches and have to be very careful to keep my phone in a certain position so the charge will keep functioning.
Not very happy with this monitor. Seems to need considerable adjustments to get it right. The application you can download is basically useless and the manual adjustments are very confusing and difficult to use. Picture. Appears washed out. Good enough for email and spreadsheets but graphics are not at all as expected.
You have to be very particular with how the cover folds over in order for it to feel secure. otherwise its pretty good for the price.
I had hoped it might be more protective and sturdier. It is fine and I really like how it looks but I will ultimately need to get something more protective.
Not too easy to hook up, but a good and comfortable seat. My son likes it.
It's a bit clunky, but it can be well protected
The case does not wear well at all. The grooves that hold the iPad up water down super fast and it won't stand up.
Overall as a laptop for school just web browsing/Netflix ya know simple stuff you should be fine but multitasking becomes a hassle with 8 gigs of ram, it's a little expensive but the display is great
All good, but I don't seem to use them much.
I order the iPad Pro case that offered a 360 degree rotating view. The case is a nice quality and the color is a pleasant blue. The construction is solid and overall it seems to be well made. I'm coming from the trifold style of cover and this cover has a different set up. It leaves a larger footprint on your work surface because of the way it is propped up on the flat inside front of the cover. This will just take some getting used to and isn't necessarily bad. The other issue I have is with the way the hard shell internal case is only attached to the spinning mechanism on one side. It is necessary so that the iPad can rotate, but this makes the larger iPad Pro feel a little unsafe because without paying attention it flops open when folding the cover back to hold in the hands as opposed to propping. The iPad seems securely attached to the hard shell but it is awkward. I'm thinking that perhaps adding a magnet to the back of the hard shell case on the left edge of the vertically oriented iPad so it would delicately attach and be easy to pull off for propping and rotating would easily remedy this. In fact, I'll probably go buy a sticky magnet and try that. But the manufacturer might want to consider adding this for better security of the larger model iPad.
not an hp fan but this is cheapest touch screen computer I can buy for work use. other than that I hate window 10.
Typical adapter kinda cheep material and cheep looking it will work.
The holes are tapped for M3 screws. If you are retrofitting an old HDD and plan to transfer over the old brackets, etc. it may not fit and you may need to drill and tap for the old hardware, or plan on buying M3 screws, etc. to make it work.
Heats up. Caused many problems with sound and hdmi interference. Had to return. Great customer service however.
I guess it's good for the price. Sometimes I have to plug it out and plug it back into to work.
The charger cabel that came with devise stopes working after few days, had to replace.
This table is pretty too small for my 17" laptop. It's easily shaken when I move my mouse.
Good price. Turns off when close case. Light weight. Not real protective. Doesn't stand by itself well. Don't like the plastic piece on side for pen.
This hard disk drive failed after 2 years of service. The 3-year warranty covered a replacement, but we had to buy another drive to keep our backup system (QNAP NAS) redundant.
I was a bit disappointed with the graphics on the case. They are not clear images, somewhat blurry. The case snapped on and fit well though so I didn't return it.
Keys feels nice, but every review about the enter key is spot on. It's just not in the correct spot.
The internet continually drops. It's so frustrating. And browsing the web is so slow. All I can do with it is to watch you tube or Netflix. THAT'S about it. But for a hundred dollars I can't complain too much.
The worst experience I ever had. A piece of Junk! Cheaply designed.
Unfortunately, I have to take off the keyboard cover in order to use the stand.
The lining inside the cover came stained. It appeared as if perhaps glue or some other residue was smeared on it. It looked dirty. I was very unhappy with it.
Pretty decent pen for pointing and drawing. However, the actual surface pen has a flat surface on one side so it will magnetically stick well to the side of the surface. This doesn't have a flat side on it at all so it comes off way too easy.
After carrying the bag a few times it felt like something was gonna break maybe the straps. All I had in it was a laptop and few folders. I didn't want to take any chances so, I returned the item. Didn't want to risk not being able to return after the date. I did like the combination lock feature on it.
Not convinced this is a legit Apple product. The magnet isn't nearly as strong as previous Apple chargers I've had. But it does charge.
The flash drive is good but at times the Sandisk Memory Zone app on Android devices is unable to detect the drive.when inserted. Works good on PC. It gets detected if you delete the above app. The app needs improvement and must be able to continuously play music rather than just playing what is been clicked one after the other.
I've bought 2. The first one had agood life and I replaced it due to cover wear. It was still doing it's job, just looking ratty. The 2nd one started to break within a week. At this point so much has broken off the edges I need to replace it already...after weeks now, not years. I'll be replacing this with a different brand. Leaving 3 stars because the first case was pretty good, and perhaps I just got a lemon. For the current experience I'd stretch to give it 2.
Thin, well built, easy to assemble and one of the best looking mounts out there but the arms are not flexible.
The cover was a perfect fit for my 13in MacBook Pro. However the keyboard left much to be desired as the lettering was off center and did not match my keyboards lettering.. it's still functional but aesthetically annoying. I did not use the screen protector. The color was true to description!
not glass, its plastic
Overall this is a nice case. The outer material has a good grip. However, there are a few things that I am not so happy about. My iPad fits too snug in the case with the keyboard folio on it. It was a better fit with just the tablet but the description says it fits with the keyboard. The other thing is the durability issue. My case was on my bed when one of my 7 pound cats laid on top of it. Seven pound is not heavy and yet the cardboard inside the case weakened considerably. I do think it will hold up for awhile as it stays at home all the time unless we go on a trip somewhere. However, I would not recommend it for frequent use as I'm not sure how long it would last. I would also look for something with a bit more room in it.
You will want to disable all the touchpad commands. I'm not super happy with the pre installed crap. It takes some work stripping it down but decent hardware for now
This cover is great for the first year or so. After that, the plastic really starts to yellow and even turn brown! I've had it for roughly 4 years now, and it still does it's purpose, just looks kind of gross. I have tried cleaning it with different cleaning products, and nothing seems to get the yellowness off.
I love the feel and performance of this mouse. It truly has a "quiet" button with a silent click and great feel/response. It works great. Having said that..... using a rechargeable mouse is a horrible idea, i've realized. There's nothing like being in the middle of a game, in an intense scene, and boom! Your mouse dies. No warning, no flashing light or changing color when it's close....just dead. How about a battery backup?? It's a bit self-defeating to have to have a backup mouse always at the ready. The battery charge is better without the light, but still, it won't last you more than a day or two on a charge. And who remembers to plug in their mouse to charge every day?? It's too bad, too, because the performance and quality of the mouse itself is top notch.
These seem to work, but one was cracked upon receipt.
Different model. The charging light has a different tone of green.
Experiencing a lot of delay when trying to type and/or click. The design is beautiful and it's super light weight, but doesn't work that well. I have to unplug and re-plug a lot for it to work.
Seemed to be good quality product, but the unit I received was defective and did not work.
Adds a pop of color to the bottom of the case, an area where RGB lighting is typically lacking. In truth I bought this more for the RGB than to hold up my graphics card. I question whether or not this will actually be able to support a graphics card without breaking as it seems like a pretty cheap plastic. The lights are controlled by a cheap remote and there is no option to run this into an RGB header on the motherboard instead. The logo appears to be laser etched into the plastic which actually looks quite nice. Overall if you have a heavy graphics card don't buy this. If you just want to add a bit more lighting then it may be for you. Absolutely not worth the price, there are better options for cheaper however they likely won't have any RGB lighting built in.
Doesn't work well. It works, but the issue is, it is inconsistent. Sometimes it's plugged in and it's not charging. You have to make sure the laptop is on to get the charge going, but if you just plug it in when it's off, it doesn't always charge.
Should have realized it does not work on type C
It works good for lighter cords. Sticky back isn't durable for the heavier ones.
This is nice, I got one for my workplace. After buying it I decided I wanted another one for home too. I ended up grabbing that one locally on my way home one day. It turns out there are actually 2 versions of this mouse. The Ergo and the Ergo Plus. I didn't know the difference before. The Ergo only lets you pick between 0 or 20 degrees. The Ergo Plus has an extra wedge that allows you to get the angle up to 30 degrees. It is removable so you have 0, 10, 20, 30 as options on that version of this mouse. The wedge is the only difference between these versions. The mouse itself has a rubbery place for your palm to rest. It is nice, the ball spins freely. You can hit a button to adjust the precision. Coming from other mice, I initially found myself often hitting that button to go "back" on web browsers. The forward and backward buttons are a little hard to get to even after using it for over a week, it is awkward to hit back. I know you can remap these but forward is just a little less awkward. It looks like the wedge can only be found in a bundle, which is exclusive to a certain store. I contacted Logitech and have gotten no answer from them at all to see if I could buy it separately. It seems silly to have to return a mouse to buy the same mouse for the same price just to get a small rubber wedge in the package.
It's pretty neat. Works well for a while, you can get some good performance out of it. The mouse wheel stopped working for me after about six months, but other than that it's a decent mouse.
nvme is out of the box and when I rock the box I hear a clattering sound.I think it's a production problem or a delivery problem.
In all honesty I would not recommend these to anyone, going past 1/2 volume distorts the audio so much its basically unbearable to listen to. But they are very cheap speakers so thats kind of expected. If you are expecting even the slightest amount of Bass in your audio for what ever it is you are doing, then these DO NOT have any. Its not just music this becomes annoying, the bass is so low that anything you listen to sounds wierd. I would just recommend you using your Monitor or TV Speakers since these are basically the same thing, if not worse. But again these are very cheap, so kind of expected
I received this today and I was very happy until I realized it does not seem to have a cap lock indicator, so unfortunately it will be returned
Great OtterBox knock-off case even though the plastic screen protector is separate went to AT&T and got a glass one works great with glass.
Not what I ordered. But I'm sure someone would think it was great. The colors are very pretty. And FYI this keyboard is huge! I returned mine because it wasn't right, Amazon was fantastic about the return. Excellent customer service!
I sit in what would be considered a normal cubical that's designed to have you sitting towards the 90 degree angle of the wall. I have 3 - 27" monitors and this doesn't allow me to have them pushed further into that corner for better comfort range... Other than that this unit is very sturdy and holds a lot of weight!
I was a bit disappointed that the keypad didn't work in Amazon Prime or Hulu. However it does work in Netflix. Otherwise it's a solid product.
Got this as a present for my brother. The transaction went through just fine, and I was not informed until too close to the party date, that they were out of stock. Got my money back, but I was SOL without a present!
Lasted one day only. It was my fault indeed - I accidentally pulled the USB cable with my legs, so the USB plug was bent and internal wires disconnected. It never happened with my previous headsets - the cable length was enough, or the plug design was more durable. PC jack is not damaged and continues to function. When I received this headset and plugged it in, I have noticed two things - it sits perfectly fine and it seems it is designed for long time use. I was happy about it comparing to my previous headsets. However, the sound quality was only acceptable for games, it lacks highs and mid frequencies are kind of suppressed. Bass is also not as low as I have in my other headsets. I would not buy this headset again, I will continue to use either my terrible (ergonomics is practically unacceptable, so I had to modify it) old G.Skill 910 headset for games and headphones for music. Will look around for some other headset with good sound quality and ergonomics.
I order it because it seemed like a great value but it arrived without the pen. Amazon shipped a replacement and that didn't have the pen either despite the listing stating that it does.
I bought a used ps2 from Goodwill and the controller that it came with was shot, so I looked on Amazon for am inexpensive replacement and was pleasantly surprised by this controller. Well I understand the old saying now of "you get what you pay for." I had less that an hour of play time on it and the R1 button snapped inward. It still works but barely. I did not contact the seller because it wasn't worth the effort on a cheap item like this but it still sucks. I recommend paying a little more and (hopefully) getting a better controller.
I liked that it is lightweight but you have to charge it constantly
This product is not UL listed! It is *Extremely important* that electronics are UL listed to ensure your safety! If you are in a bind and need a quick replacement charger for cheap until you get an official dell charger, this may be fine to use for a day or two. But do NOT take the risk of using this charger permanently! Like other reviewers noted, you can power your laptop while it's connected to AC power, but it is hit or miss whether this product will actually “charge” your laptop battery. I had left this connected to my laptop for a few hours until I noticed a burning smell from the brick. I went to pick it up and it was SCORCHING hot. Never been so nervous in my life. Quickly disconnected and left outside to cool off. That's when I noticed there was no UL label on the product! And at this price I can bet the materials inside are sub standard and likely fire prone. Please use at your own risk. __________________________________ Edit: after leaving the review, the seller kindly reached out and offered a full refund of my purchase, which I accepted. Very class seller and acts in good faith. Please keep in mind the star rating has nothing to do with the seller, but only the product itself. The seller- 5 stars. The product? 1.
I have this attached to my Logitech Ipad Pro keyboard. I like the case but the tape doesn't stick very good. I've tried double stick on it as well. I finally used 3M auto tape and it sticks good.
Its Okay .. Only lasted amount 6 months .
It is disappointing that it does not allow the tablet to recognize whether someone is using a stylus or their hands and so the tablet can pick up any hand touches and mess anyone up. Therefore you either have to hover your hand or try to buy an anti-fouling glove to help. The biggest issue is that I can not make a straight line because it constantly breaks the lines or sometimes fails to write a letter, or part of it, entirely. So writing sentences is really annoying because you have to constantly go back and fix it. Other than that it functions decently.
Wish it was a bit bigger
It gets hot when plugged-in, which concerns me. But other than that, it works fine.
Manufactured product pictured shows a on/off switch for every single port, but I recieved one with a one master switch that is either all on or all off.
It's not WiFi. Only LAN. Useful but would have preferred it to be both
Gift card was not given as requested
I own quite a few headsets and these aren't bad at all. Sound quality is solid, battery life is good, and they're very comfortable. Only problem with these is there is no indication on the headset whether your mic is muted or not.unfortunately my headset started acting up after a week so I'll be sending them back.
Did not come with PBT keycaps. Misleading
Dead pixel right out of the box. I rolled the dice and got burned. Nice green dot right in the middle of the screen. Merry Christmas 🙄, I read the reviews and it's a common problem. I was able to tap the dead pixel and it seemed to work. I can only hope that this will solve the issue, as I really like the monitor.
Only recieved 2 cords. The description stated 3 in the package.
Material is good, plenty of pockets that are functional, spacious and decent looking However after two months of occasional use (4 work trips), the strap is almost broken. I noticed that the the stitching is coming off on one side of the strap. Good thing that I saw it before the strap broke. So I used the handles instead. Otherwise, I could have ended up with a broken laptop.
I guess I like it, I keep buying them. This is probably my fourth one. They're good for maybe a year or so, then it's time for another one. Logitech support is NONEXISTENT. Just give in and get another one.
The keys are too big, so if I tap a key, it doesn't do anything and I have to go back and press the center of the key really hard to get the letter to show up.
Nice case but power button only works sometimes
Well built and good fit, I'd give 5 stars but the hole for the charging port is too small to charge the pencil.
I purchased this to be able to connect directly to the internet so get faster speed internet rather than use the wifi. I was disappointed to find out that it will not fit my MacBook Pro. Not sure if I ordered incorrectly or was sent the wrong product but from my research before ordering it should have fit. I will be returning and finding a new one that will fit.
It's fine other than shutting of the screen which is really only a problem if you are using FaceTime. We take the iPad out of the case to FaceTime now.
It's not a bad deal for the price. But it doesn't hold up amazingly over time - I've had this for a few months now and all of the little sticky things at the bottom have fallen off. It's cracked in a few places, but it's still on the laptop itself so that's not too bad. You get what you pay for
It fits... but wouldn't trust it to protect in a fall. Plus no screen protection so still have to buy that separate. Not many options for tablets this size. ....
It was great for a couple months and this is the second one that I have owned of this exact mouse but now it is very noisy when i scroll down (same thing happened with the first one). Just ordered another quiet mouse of a different brand to try out
No wall mount ability and the stand is static. I almost returned it because the description said it was adjustable and wall mountable. but we decided to keep it anyway. Just reorganized the desk since it was all unpacked.
The elastic strap that holds the cover to the laptop is too high. It is constantly slipping falling off.
They are ok but I wish the night version was not the lights and it was real night version
I mean, it technically works, but the fans are so weak I'm not certain they'll have much impact on actually keeping my system cool. I literally held my hand over the fans for 2 minutes trying to see if it was just DOA, but it does seem to work... sorta. Cheap as hell so I guess you get what you pay for.
Great mouse, bit hard to get used to, but my wrist and hand are feeling better. Unfortunately using it for precision clicking is not one of its strengths. Its pretty useless for gaming or design work.
Pay close attention to the distance you set these. The further away the 2nd one gets from the router, the weaker the signal. Not as good as I hoped.
When I received this backpack, I was appalled how short they were. It looks like they're designed for kids and the buckle part ends at my armpits. For context, I'm a very short person. Also, I agree with others that the USB is awkward and bulky. I bought the backpack with the intention of ignoring it but it's too big. I really wanted to like this backpack and was super excited to receive it, but it's simply not practical or comfortable. It is a very stylish backpack though. Just be aware that the straps are very short so if you don't like that I don't suggest buying this backpack.
Fabric is sewed in with wrinkles
The carriers need to leave a note or must have the packages signed. Twice in front of my home, deliveries have gone missing when I arrive home. I have no review for the product, but the seller was helpful. The delivery driver is cutting corners and not asking for a signed signature. This pic is an example of how they leave packages outside the door for me.
Monitor arrived with two small, but annoying, 'dead zones' of black pixels at first power up that persisted at all times. They suggested I contact the manufacturer which I declined. I requested and was given a return label. A new, defect free, monitor arrived in two days. Good looking monitor, and screen is quite bright compared to other bargain monitors.
Not sure if my purchase of this mouse was a 'lemon' or not. When the battery ran out after a week, I tried to recharge it. The right light went on and then went off after several hours. However, the mouse never worked again. I returned it. On a side note, I felt the mouse was a bit light and 'flimsy' meaning it sounded hollow inside and you could hear the clicks and roller ball. I still would have kept it if it charged but that is the main reason I did not get a new one.
These are very tiny fans. Will not work for my application (venting an RV refrigerator compartment) so I haven't used them yet.
Worked well, Good service!
I had high hopes for this but found the pack's carrying capacity lower than expected. The build quality seems excellent, which it should be at this price. But it's more like a stiff briefcase with straps than a proper backpack. The L-shaped entry to the two main pockets will be loved by some and disliked by others. (I concluded that they'd drive me crazy in practice.)
It is what I expected.
I would say it's good. Works properly and on the range 15 feet I have no problem so far. The reason I put 3 stars because It won't work during charging. You have to wait until it's done.
I like the computer it just didn't work.
they all work well but their very noisy
Overall it is a decent setup for the price. The keyboard feels good as do the buttons on the mouse and everything works well. The mouse however is VERY small, significantly smaller than my previous 2 button logitech. I have pretty small hands and it still feels tiny, I would definitely look for other options if you have big (or even normal sized) hands.
Basically a portable gaming desktop. It has nearly no battery life but that is due to the beast of a machine inside. It more than compares to most desktops of today. I'm not even aware that it has a touch screen if it does y would I care. For the size screen it is very good.. it could be higher res but it would lose something if it were. I use it when away from home.. I plug it in.
I used it to charge my phone, and it said it was charging even though my phone was dying. The other is a fast charge though, so I'm okay.
It works and at a fair price. Note: cap covers side but not the important end of plug.
If you need a new pen, and work in 3D applications a lot, then sure, I can see the usefulness. But it does feel a bit half-baked, at least at the moment. It's definitely no worse than the Pro Pen 2. If you set your pen buttons to Click+Tap, for example (something I prefer to do, because I feel like I have more precision), this works for your other buttons, but NOT for the extra button that this pen adds. Why is it treated differently? If you're already used to using keyboard shortcuts, I don't think this helps with workflow much, and I don't see any reason to get it if you've already got the Pro Pen 2. If you're on a really big Cintiq that makes keyboard usage difficult, then you don't have a lot of side buttons to spare, so this becomes really useful. The pen comes with a nice carry case that fits the pen quite snugly.
It seems to be a decent product. was a little annoyed because about a week after I bought it, they dropped the price $15.00. I buy stuff on amazon for the best deal, so that was a let down.
Its a pretty good boogie board. Although when you write a little bit too hard it scratches it...
I found this SD to be really slow. I wouldn't recommend using if it is something important or if your capturing important events. I missed a couple of shots because it was still writing.
It worked great for five months, then stopped writing to multi-layer discs. Despite this, I bought the same model from Fry's, installed today, and it works great. I have used many different LG player/writers and only had a problem with this one.
did not get a 20 in monitor that I was supposed to got a 17 in instead so you don't ship what you say you do. Outside of that I like the tower a big upgrade from what I had
Overall, I'm OK with this purchase. The main thing I want is protection for my iPad and this case does that. To get that protection i was willing to accept the fact that it is definitely not a lightweight case. I would advise that if you're not going to use the pencil holder and weight is an issue for you, look somewhere else because the pencil holder does add size and weight. The one thing that bugs me, as others have written, is the difficulty pushing buttons that this case imposes. I need to use the tips of my fingernails to change sound volume and that's an annoyance. I'm keeping the case because it effectively performs its one main function: protect my ipad.
It Makes My Screen Somehow Blurry
Not getting the range I expected. Worth the price though.
Set this up for a friend who only needs e-mail and a browser. Works great. It's annoying that it won't work without a Google account. Sometimes it won't wake up from sleep unless the USB keyboard is disconnected and reconnected.
My hdmi input on my laptop broke so I bought this and so far it has works very well except I cannot get the sound to work. It may be a setting on my actual computer or it may be the converter but I am not sure
I used this device on an iPad Air and an iPad Pro. Once making the leap to the newer iPad, this stylus just didn't seem to work as good as it used to. I picked up the Apple Pencil, and I am not turning back.
This is a decent headset. I have no complaints about the sound these headphones produce and I really enjoy the heavy bass they can push when listening to bass heavy music. The microphone quality isnt very good though. The audio produced by the microphone on these headphones comes in really sharp to peoples ears and is not good quality. Overall, if you can get these headphones on sale and your previous ones broke snag them if you have the extra money.
In our old house, this has helped with getting a signal from the downstairs to the upstairs, however, it cuts out on me (when I'm upstairs) for about 30 seconds at least once a day, even if an ethernet cable is plugged in directly from the adapter to my device. It's cheaper than most ethernet adapters so you get what you pay for but I am a little disappointed.
Very nice and sleek looking but began to tear after just a couple weeks.
Haven't gotten it to work yet....keep you posted
A major reason I purchased this computer, was because it had a DVD Drive as little computers do anymore. It is visible in the photos provided by the seller, and advertised in the title. However, the drive is not there, nor is there an expansion bay to add one myself. In the pictures as well, the keyboard and mouse that were supposed to be included seemed to be HP brand. They are not. They are cheap and generic. They are brand new and do the job and are easily replaceable so I won't complain. One more major upset was the lack of wifi capabilities. I assumed it would be a feature even though it was not advertised, but unfortunately it is not. Another simple fix however as I had a wireless adapter on hand. Apart from this, I don't have too many complaints. The computer is refurbished, I expected some blemishes as evident in the photographs. The positives, It did come with Windows 10 Pro 64 Bit. 8 GB of Ram as advertised and a Seagate 500 GB HDD. Works great. Does exactly what I need it to do, which is to run back office software at my store. For the price, I really am satisfied with it. I ordered it on a Wednesday afternoon and it arrived Thursday morning the next day. Although it did not meet the advertisement specs, It is a good computer runs great and cost little to nothing. Had it at least included the DVD drive i would have given 5 stars. But that I can't let slide. Hope this helps.
Works great however has developed a short and now does not work. Will need to be replaced
good feel but the cable is too massive and thus can't be hidden..
Its ok for the price, but noticed a screen flicker right out of the box. It will work for what I need, but I would not consider this a high quality monitor.
The sound is decent. The problem is the "control pod." The volume control on the pod is ONLY for the speakers, and not earphone jack. If you plug in any earphones, it'll blast at full volume (unless you pull up the PC's volume control). And another issue is that when you pull the earphones out from the jack, some connector in the pod gets loose and you probably will lose sound from one of the speakers. To fix it, you'll have to jiggle the jack with earphones to try to get the connection going again. Not an example of the good quality speakers.
I was hoping that this monitor was going to turn out great bc of the price I figured I was getting a decent product. Right out of the box you can tell it's very cheaply made. On initial startup, everything looked fantastic. Had to make a few color corrections but that sorta thing comes with the territory. BUT, then I noticed every minute or so a series of flickers would happen and it would be happening ever minute on the minute it felt like. I would NOT recommend this product. Spend that hard earned money on a more quality monitor.
This product is perfect for my needs, I wanted a simple controller with a knob for each fan and uncluttered screen. It's easy to fine tune each fan speed, I keep them tuned so they're basically inaudible compared to background noise in my house. If you are considering a custom fan controller you are probably the demographic that won't have much trouble installing this in your case. The one issue I've seen is the LED color shifting seemingly at random. There are jumpers on the main board you can mess with to change the back-light colors but after awhile the connections degrade or something and go haywire. I keep the jumpers set to the "white" setting and it seems like every time I turn on my PC I see a new color combo. Kind of a pretty effect but don't buy if this will bother you.
Doesn't work with 45W charging device. Otherwise great product.
I could see this working for other laptops that have vent holes on the bottom but for macbooks is virtually useless. I ran mutable tests to stress test my macbook but it made no difference. The fan speed was the same, the temps where they same and the terminal throttling was the same. It may work for yours but not mine!
Keyboard is nice, but mouse stopped working after a month, the plastic used to hold the middle roller/button in place is not very good, don't expect it to last, and when it breaks the mouse stops working.
Functional. Serves it's purpose.
I bought this because it included a cable for Samsung 10 inch Tablet which takes the wide connector. This product is not the same size. I got it to work once but on next try I realized it could break the tablet so I am glad I bought the OEM charging cable. The cables for the android devices worked but I don't have any Apple products so I don't know if those cables work or not.
I like to photograph/video my work, in process, so I keep my tablet handy (also to listen to videos while I work). I had one of those bendy-arm tablet holders, which was way too stiff, and short, to be of any value, and it constantly fell over if I pushed it too far in the direction of the screw base, as it would just loosen the screw, and fall over. This doesn't work the same way, so I figured it would be great. And it is better. It doesn't unscrew, & it's a lot easier to push out of the way, when not in use. Unfortunately, it is not great to take pics with, as it won't stay in position. In an effort to allow users to view from any height, they made a super loose connection at the first ball joint, so when you move the swing arm, the tablet maintains it's dangling, upright position. I suppose that would be good, if I was just watching from a seated position, however I gotta think that's not good for folks in bed, or for me, who wants to aim it down to take pictures. I have to hold it in position to take the pics, which renders videos useless, since I can't really work with just one hand. The price was good for two, & it will work well for my other tablet, which I only watch videos on, but it's not good for taking pics, unless you only want to take pics of things directly in back of it - straight on. Table top viewing is not going to happen, unless you provide a hand to hold it. Pros: * Sturdy metal base clamp. (probably aluminum = non magnetic) * Arm re-positions easily. * Stays where you put it. Cons: * Dangles to keep tablet always in upright position. * Not in love with the holder. Uses clamp on back, but forces you to tighten screws in back to keep tablet pushed forward for a better grip. I worry about the pressure points in back, since there is no way to know if I've screwed it too tight, or not tight enough... until it's broken, or falls out. The phone holders that come with it are much better. They offer a nice clamping feature from the sides, with a single press to release button. No screws to tighten, no clamps to fiddle with blind. Wish the tablet grips were as good as the phone grips.
This is replacing a worn out cooling fan in a home camera system. These fans are direct replacements, part number for part number, although the decals are different. These fans move a lot more air than the original, but it sounds like a drone toy.
When I bought the unit I failed to notice it would not work with the Comcast Triple play because there was no phone port on the device. I had no choice but to return it for a different device.
I can only give this case 3 stars because the portion where the power button is exposed - in order to be used - completely broke. It doesn't do anything to the case, other than it is unsightly and bothersome to me. The print is true to color and really lovely. I simply do not know imperfections and the power button cracked/split area tells me that the plastic was made a little bit too tight for the iPad.
This didn't work for my computer--well, it worked for one but not the other. Not sure why.
Cant use it my laptop died when I installed it. Don't want to blame it on the battery as the laptop was giving problems before.
Button rather difficult to operate (On/Off)
Works great, shines bright, however it didn't stick very long, I had to use scotch tape to make it stay.
would be more useful with some way to stand it up.
iPad easily falls over from the adjustment holders
UPDATE!!! I'm sad to say I've gone through a lot of pens in such a short time. I use the stylus and pen function pretty regularly and these just seem to break easy. I have a love hate relationship with this brand. I am impressed with the stylus pens. I purchased these for my team and I. We communicate via mobile device all day long and these help out a lot. The pen function writes like a charm. I'm very picky with the writing pens I use but this is awesome. I use my mobile device a lot and my long nails tend to get in the way. I can't live without this thing. I gave 4 stars because two of my pens don't work but the stylus is fully functional.
The toggle switch popped out and can't be put back in. I jammed the socket half full of aluminum foil which allows the light to work without the switch, but now you must remember to unplug the light every time. This would be a lovely product if not for the switch. I notice others have had the same problem.
This lightening USB works when I want to transfer files/photos from my phone to computer. It works; but is cheaply made and broke after the 2nd use. I am still able to use it even though pieces have broken off.
This drive appears to be new, as it was sealed in what appears to be the manufacturer's original anti-static bag. I was a little surprised when I opened the bag to see that this drive was over four years old. I have a lot of experience with Western Digital drives, and because of that experience I believe this drive will probably provide excellent service. I am not aware of any studies on shelf life for new (in the box) drives. I would imagine there is a possible concern about lubricants within the drive drying out from sitting for several years on the shelf. My point here is that the vendor should have (in my opinion) been more transparent about the age of this drive. I am deducting two stars for this lack of transparency. Not because of the product-- but because of the vendor. This model HDD would typically get five stars. The vendor would get one.
Didn't work for me, probably because it was my mistake and i bought the wrong ones, other than that product is well packaged and im sure, would've worked like it should
It worked to keep our child entertained for a few minutes. It's not very bright and she still prefers actual coloring supplies and paper over it, but it works and has held up for a while.
It seems as if the screws or screw holes are not fitted properly. The screws would not go all the way down which leaves the ends loose and not sturdy. The suction cup and arm are good quality.
This wasn't even packaged. It was left on my front step in the original box. The box is ripped and beaten up. This was a gift for my Son. Not pleased.
Really nice color and good quality, but adds a lot of weight to my Macbook Air.
some time not respond to touch
The packaging was slightly worn when I opened it. Anyways I wasn't picky about that. When I connected the NEW* keyboard to my bluetooth Macbook Pro, previous guy's name popped up in my bluetooth keyboard. Anyways amazon did excellent job at exchanging my item. Faith is restored. But I'll give only 3 stars because of a hassle.
So far it holds both my phone and iPad well. However the way it holds itself I. The CD player by acting as a wedge. My main problem is that the product is hard to use. I have you use both hands and struggle a bit to get my phone or iPad in it every time I get in the car. I wish it was a bit simpler to put the device in. I'm not sure if I'll keep it.
My 13" inch Chromebook fits perfectly here but sad to say it has no more extra space for its charger. I may squeeze in the charger but afraid it might scratch my laptop and besides, it won't zip.
Works great. But the cables are too short. Makes it difficult with 2 laptops and 2 desktops on a desk.
Not really the best option for gaming. I was using them on an iPhone X. They would slide around too easily on the screen. iPhones have an oleophobic coating to repel fingerprints, so I'm guessing this made it too slick and they would slide around. They may work better on an android phone that doesn't have this coating.
The tablet is just okay! But, for a renewed tablet, I could not pass it up for the price. The included keyboard is messed up. The B, N, and spacebar makes the cursor go crazy! I just attached a bluetooth keyboard to solve the issue. The tablet arrived very fast!
Can't say anything about this computer due to the monitor being shattered during shipping. Can't find my spare and company wouldn't replace just the monitor. Had to send it all back for a refund. Ended up buying a new HP all in one at Costco.
It wasn't the model number I ordered. I was looking for a office size keyboard. But it works.
This is a perfect case for my Apple Pencil. I love it.
I bought this monitor less than a month ago, and it is by far the most gorgeous monitor that I could find on this website. Clear picture and everything I could've asked for. Problems arise about 7 days ago when the monitor randomly started up with a yellowish tint to the screen. I was able to alter it in the settings to reduce it as much as I could, but it still does not display that perfect white it used to. I will be returning it. Great monitor, but some color issues
not as good as I hoped - very tight on my head, and very cheaply made for a Logitech product.
I didn't get the silhouette. I received the symbol?
It's okay. A bit clunky. I wish the wrist rest was detachable. It is more ergonomic to have your wrists floating. Would also make it less clunky so as to be more portable and also not take up as much space. If this were an option I'd easily give it a 5star. I also wish the F keys did not require a toggle switch to use. Of note there is a detachable rise which is nice.
It works very well. However, it arrived with a broken USB, I just kept it because I had to be up and running for a project, and now over the past few months two more USBs have crapped out - one with my mouse, now my keyboard. So odd.
You get what you pay for it did crash on my twice but it's been stable since
The description says backlit keys, the keyboard is not backlit.
Lens has yellow hue in center. Limited usefulness. Not good for all applications.
Not long enough to plug into iPhone 6 with OtterBox case.
Does the job, really pretty with a soft touch. However, gets really dirty over the course of use even with cleaning. Would not buy again because of the accumulation of dirt that would not get off.
The feel of this controller is awesome. Sadly, I have not been able to use it yet as it will not connect to my Switch. I noticed that it is possible I might need to update the controller when I was checking out the website. Will try that and update this review when I can actually use it.
The product arrived very quickly, however it is a lot slower than I expected,
Only had found a month and the zippers have broken on them and because I'm a couple day past the return period, I'm stuck with a broken backpack
For the price this item offered the convenience I want, but I was able to get only a year and four months out of it before it simply stopped working. I have just a keyboard and mouse connected, nothing high powered. Still, I am buying the same item since there seems to be no inexpensive alternative. I can only hope to get more than a year and four months.
It's a very tight fit for my 13in MacBook Pro. Needs to be bigger, but is a pretty good bag overall.
The product looks very beautiful but the keys keep sticking, not physically but types the same character multiple times. The keyboard has a brand new battery so I don't believe it's that.
A decent quality bagpack. I would recommend it to students. Not very spacious for traveling purpose though. I bought this bag for a 15.6 inches laptop, fits just about right, I would have been happier if it was a little taller.
Did not know about Windows 10 S Mode, should have done some research. I a user of google services, so Windows in S Mode makes if more difficult to use google, and Impossible to use chrome browser or google search engine unless you adjust OS and leave S Mode. Which seems simple enough. But if I had know more about S Mode I would have got a Chromebook. Other than that the computer it self seem fine after 2 weeks of work. Not sure if I am going to switch out of S Mode, cause you can not go back, but miss my chrome browser.
It was necessary to trim down the product to fit the screen.
Did not work for me.
far too pricey and can really look better! The learning curve was a deal breaker for me.
I got this monitor a few months ago and have been regretting my purchase ever since. Using it is like seeing everything through a screen door. It's painfully clear to the naked eye the gap between pixels, and everything just looks awful and unpleasant, even though the colors themselves are fine. The only reason to get this monitor is if you can't afford anything else. Otherwise, spend a little more and get something nice to look at.
The laptop comes with windows 10 home and NOT pro as the seller is claiming. This is unfortunate and was one of the main incentives to purchase the product.
Case fits great. Terribly cheap kickstand, which broke within a week of use. I could tell the kickstand was garbage right away, but was hoping it would prove me wrong. It didn't.
just a regular monitor. don't have high expectation on this one.
The cover was not as snug as I thought it would be. I ordered according to the number on the back of the iPad. It looks nice and clean, feels smooth, but when I pick up the iPad, the edge rolls off. I have to push the iPad back into the cover. I haven't had it long enough to decide if this will be a real problem.
Quality is not what I expected and some parts are missing.
I bought this for my MacBook 12" because the back light on the keyboard comes through, but I'm slightly disappointed. The letters on the outside of the keyboard don't match up with the keyboard protector as well as I hoped it would. It also slides around often because the protector isn't "deep" enough to sink into the keyboard. Overall, I would give it a 7/10.
Good quality cover, nice and thin, but the lettering doesn't line up with my early 2015 Macbook Pro non-Retina. So the lights from my keyboard letters aren't visible through the cover. Had to return.
Good case but had many short circuits in case
After just a few days the protector was scratched up. Never had this problem with this brand before. I ordered a pack of a better grade of screen protectors, same brand, but it is advertised as having a scratch resistant coating. I'll see what happens with these.
I love the print and the feel, however my bottom piece broke on the second day.
This product almost started a house fire... thankfully we noticed in time to remove the power source at the other end. We purchased this cord for a Bluetooth speaker in our son's room, and within 6 hours of being plugged in, the cord had grown so hot it burned my wife's finger, melted and separated at the end, deformed the speaker, and completely burned/fused the port out of the speaker. I can't even imagine how much further this could have gone had we not checked it before bedtime. UPDATE: Customer service agreed to replace both the speaker and the cable, and was very easy to work with. I am still hesitant to use the product, but I am glad the speaker is being replaced.
It should be a 5, but the space bar doesn't really work well when you're tapping it, especially when you're right handed. You have to really hit it hard OR tap it from the left side to space out your words. If you're left handed, maybe that would work, but after using it for over a month, the poor space bar response is a consistent problem. Maybe it's the model I was sent, but it has become a persistent nuisance. Everything else about it is great. Just wish the space bar worked like it's supposed to.
I've ordered several of these over the past year or two. In general, I was impressed. The most recent order, however, was not so good. I bought the most recent of these for a family vacation. I got the cord and it worked at first. Then, within a day, it became intermittent. I found that putting half a twist into it made it work, and I was able to get through the trip with it functioning. Then, at home, (only a week after purchase) it really started to fail. Now, it's basically useless. Given that I bought several of these and only one seems to have gone south, I had to consider how to rate it. On the one hand, three out of four were good. The last one was defective. So I'll give it three stars. I guess I'll try a different cord to replace this one.
Did not really fit properly but the keyboard cover is very nice and great color.
I received this and it worked for 2 weeks. The owner was nice enough to give me a refund. I think I just got a malfunctioning mouse.
Lasted a few months before they stopped working. Ended up going through all 4 of them and need to order new ones. Will try another brand and see if they last any longer. They worked great for a while.
It held up good for almost a year and is a great price. One of the zippers on the main pocket broke off.
Difficult to use. Instructions written by a non-native English speaker were lousy.
The two plates of this stand are aluminum but the legs are made of plastic which give it a rather cheap overall feel. I've got a 15" portable monitor on it, and while it does a fine job of raising the display to the same level as my laptop (on it's stand) I find myself mildly annoyed with the plastic on a regular basis. The good: it is stable and stiff (maybe a little more than I need) and holds my display almost vertically.
It just.. feels weird
Worked great for 3 days. Then the battery would not hold a charge.
Is not compatible with my IPad Pro
I love the fan, and the 3 speeds. But the second time I charged it, the little port on the back of the fan broke so I am no longer able to charge it.
I really wanted to love this tablet, the screen is beautiful and the accessories that came with it were nice, the size was great too! Unfortunately, the drivers are an absolute nightmare and in the end I gave up and decided to return it. I tested it on 3 separate computers, An Asus laptop, custom built Windows desktop, and a Macbook Pro. The drivers would seem to stop working every time I turned on and off the computers and then would get stuck in an infinite loop of updating. When I did manage to get the pen pressure to work then the hotkeys would not. When I got the hotkeys to work the pen pressure would not. Not sure if I got a lemon or something, but as I said I would have loved it if the drivers and software would have functioned. If you can get yours to work I'm sure it's a lovely tablet!
I like the 60% and it is very easy to use
This thing has horrendous battery life. Don't expect to be away from a charger for any longer than maybe two or three hours doing anything. It gets really hot, really fast even doing simple tasks like video streaming, surfing the web, and even sometimes just idling. It does have quite a fast boot up time which is good and it does run well. However, I would just suggest building a pc or buying a prebuilt pc for the price and function. Laptops were not made to do actual pc gaming, at least not without some serious costs. It just doesn't work. P.S. I would not bother trying to contact the seller because he does not respond...
I do love the sleek design of this computer with the steel finish along with the red backlit gaming keyboard. It also has a duel fan to keep the laptop cool even when not on best of surfaces. There are a lot of updates and tweaking to the actual system you seem to have to do in order to get it running smoothly and proficiently. I didn't find all of that necessary. It also seems to have glitches which I haven't quite figured out with the screen blacking out for extended times during updates. I also do not care for the fact that it doesn't have an internal CD/DVD RW drive. You would have to have one externally for this particular laptop. It does seem to carry a good amount of memory however which is a plus. It also has just the right amount of ports that you need and is bluetooth enabled so you are good to go there. The graphics on it are pretty decent. However, again with the extensions. The sound really isn't that great on the actual device, but it is great when added device for sound is applied. This isn't my favorite gaming laptop by no means, but it's decent. One would have to make their own judgement.
Ive only had this for 4 or 5 months and its already went out on me.. wont charge my laptop anymore . So here i am not able to use my laptop since my charger just went out for no reason. Cords are still attached and it seems like its in good condition . But its not charging my laptop anymore :/
It's not bad, but i thought it was quick charge compatible.
I thought it was taller. I can't jog on a treadmill I have to use an elliptical. I bought this so that it can be near me so that I can control my virtual jogs and my workouts can be seen on a larger screen. It's a good product when sitting down, not for what I needed it for. Do you make a longer gooseneck to fit this stand? Three stars are just for the height. TR
It's a nice little screen but it has a high pitch noise when powered on. Had to return it because of the sound. If you can ignore that type of sound, this is a decent buy. Otherwise, stand clear.
This is a very good product
Case is great, but the magnet on the cover made the ipad go back to locked screen. I took ipad to a service center and they said it was the magnet on the cover, I thought they were crazy but I took cover off and it's been working fine. We still use case just not cover.
The case is very pretty but I was expecting to be able to get use out of the keyboard cover as well but I can't because it is smudged. I'm not sure why that is but I just received it and realized.
If this would have worked like it was supposed to, I would have given it 5 Stars. Had to return, Cox and Motorola couldn't make this work. May work on a different provider but not in my location and Cox Internet. Thankfully Amazon allowed return.
Keys are not of great quality and it is slow,,,,I wish I had returned it
i bought the wrong sandisk . i needed the mini . i can use this in my cam. thu the seller was fast and true on the product.
I know this drive is good but it just didn't work for me.
Bought this for a computer vision experiment using LEGO bricks. It took some fiddling to get the focus right--no instructions on how to adjust focus (there's a little set screw on the lens). The image quality was less than I had expected for 5MP but worked ok for my application.
This product came with no instruction, , had it not been for one purchaser's info, I most likely would have returned it. It took me more than an hour to finally figure out how to fit my tablet in it. I still have not been able to figure out how to set up the stand. very frustrating, but I am keeping it only because I do like it's design, but would not buy another or recommend it for an older person like me..
Too heavy for tablet use. Keyboard too small for daily use. I would have chosen the one without touchscreen function. Love the portability. Good enough for web surfing.
I am unable to give this table an honest rating because I only started to use it recently; so far it is ok. it is quite light in weight when compare to some 8" or even 7" tablet, I am disappointed however the screen screeches easily, I thought it was broken; I think a screen protector may help.
Every so often it cuts out for 2-3 seconds, before beeping and reconnecting. This happened once or twice and hour when I first got the headset, but has since increased in frequency and now happens every 5 or so minutes. General consensus on help forums is that this is a driver problem, but not one that is easily fixed. This problem is not a big deal during gameplay, when you don't need to hear to know what's going on, but is very frustrating when it happens when you miss a chunk of conversation while chatting online. If you can sort this problem out, it's otherwise a pretty good headset. The ear covers are comfortable, the mic has decent pick up, without to much background noise and it's the Logitech management software is really convenient to use, especially if you're using any other Logitech products. Be careful with storage though, as the mic boom can break partially and you lose the ability to leave it raised (and mute it).
Bought these for work and 1 out of the 10 did not work properly. Good value though.
its not perfect fit to my computer, so i have to mod a little bit to actually installed it to my pc, took me a while to figured, but other than that, it's really good quality and all in one, no need to worry about missing tools
Pros: Compact and looks solidly built. Good variety/choice of ports Cons: - Overheats - Wireless mouse dongles (logitech...) don't work. Probably poor shielding causing interference - Connecting any device into the USB-C causes havoc to the hub. It keeps resetting. Charger cable seems ok though.
It is just what I was looking for; the reason I gave it less stars is that it doesn't seat well into any of my USB ports and falls out if I look at it. I may have to return it bc I need something more secure.
It was abit bothersome in that the clicks wouldn't register and the mouse would stop at times but i really liked that it was silent so I was able to game at night while my roomates are asleep! xP
Very professional looking remote. Terrible setup instructions.
Good product but it feels like foam that could be torn apart easily. I like the pieces that create a stand in the back and the handle is easy for a kid to hold. I find it difficult to get my thumb fully on the button for it to recognize my fingerprint due to the case. But it protects the iPad
not as good as my prior computer but will do. instructions for windows update was less than sufficient
Very lightweight and easy to move around, but the stand isn't adjustable (barely tilts at all, no height adjustment) and the color quality is terrible. 144Hz is nice, but I recommend saving for a 144Hz IPS panel instead if you can.
I've returned what this protection was for
I tried to copy large amount of files from an IDE drive. The usb connections got lost from time to time (about 1g file copied in average), and reconnected. I had to click continue copying every time the connection was lost and reconnected.
Ended up returning this. Get more use out of my iPad.
So this could've been great. But it's not for a couple of reasons. First of all it disconnects way too easy. Don't try to use it with a backup disk or anything like that. Can't be used for video signal. But the worst things ace it's design flaws. Because it sticks out outside of it's USB-C port, it makes it virtually impossible to connect another cable there. Why the F not make it 2mm shorter ? It does work great for charging though., but there are better magnetic cables out there.
Great case, good quality, much better when I received it than the description said. Was a good choice for me.
It helped but didn't last long.
Absolutely no difference in temps from other thermal compound.
I had to use the equipment insurance for the first time, and so far it has been a process. I am not 100% what the final outcome will be, but my claim was finally approved and repairs will be made to my tablet, once I ship it out.
As others have mentioned.. the connectors break. I bought 4 in order to extend my ethernet connections around the house and one by one, with normal use, all but one connector has loosened and then broken. Its extremely disappointing as I cannot use Wifi in my house. I had hoped these would be the solution.
A little on the not so sturdy side, but is working. Almost broke
Good but would get disconnected and had to wiggle it
Like the computer but it's just I don't know I should have realized in looked and to more of selections because it's not what I thought it was gonna be but I deal with it
The product failed the first time I tried to copy a data file to it. I did a complete format to redefine the sectors and it was worked, but I don't trust the unit.
This is the best feeling trackball I have found since the MS Trackball Explorer. It's not exactly the same but it's close enough that I quickly was able to adjust. The good: -Close ergo's to the trackball explorer -Flexible configuration The bad -Battery life is terrible. I have gone through 2 sets of batteries since I bought it. I really wish I had gone with the wired option. - slight lag, but it's manageable. it may have been better with the wired version
Was a good buy but the handle broke fast. Will purchase again to see if I was to rough or if it's just breaks easily
Review update: case hinge broke 13 months after purchase, the plastic hinge on the Zagg cases are the week link. As the saying goes...you get what you pay for. Original review: It is perfect for lap top function but the case cover does not line up with camera lens and volume buttons. Keyboard and case make it easy to use like a lap top. It's stylish too, good value for the price.
I like this case because it does everything it says on the label and also shows off the skin I have on the back of my iPad. If you're looking for absolute fall protection, this wouldn't be the case for you, but overall I am happy with the quality and durability. So 3.5 stars (they need to implement half stars for us!).
Works for some USB devices but wouldn't work with my Apple SuperDrive external DVD drive.
I purchased a new bag to replace my old one of this same bag in September. On a recent trip the zipper to the laptop compartment jumped the teeth and there seems to be no way to get the zipper working again. The last bag eventually developed tears but that was after 5 years or so. I can't use this new bag less than 3 months in. I like the bag but it seems the quality has changed since my first purchase.
Not easy to set up. Not user friendly. Half the games I wanted don't work nor do the controllers.
The only reason I bought this tablet, and it's the third tablet I have owned is to watch the CW and Direct TV during my daily morning stop at Dunkin Donuts. So for over 45 minutes this morning after connecting to the Dunkin WIFI I tried to bring up my networks. The tablet kept telling me no network connection, but the bluetooth said the that I was connected, and that the signal strength was very strong. I then tried the same thing on my Samsung J7 cell phone and had no problem connecting to whatever network I tried. I will give it one more try tomorrow and if it again does not connect I will return it. Very upset!!!!!!!!!!! Next day it did not work so I returned it.
Finding a protective case is becoming quite a task. Trying to get the right features is frustrating to say the least. I had great hopes that the MoKo would be the right one, but it just fell short in a few areas. It does have some good features, but not enough to keep me from trying other cases first. In my opinion, this is a case that had/has potential, but I just couldn't get over the stand portion. It doesn't cover the kickstand of the surface pro, and the case makes pulling out the kickstand tough. The build quality could have been just a bit better. For instance, the bottom portion where the keyboard sits is flimsy. It appears to rely on the keyboard to protect that section of the Surface Pro. To compare it to cases like the UAG, which I had on my Surface Pro 3, and the bottom portion of that case is much sturdier. The UAG however is a completely different build and is much heavier. Unlike the UAG which uses its own kickstand, the MoKo allows the use of the Microsoft kickstand which has a greater tilt ability that is great for drawing applications Overall the case has a good weight to it- not too heavy while still providing decent protection for most of the surface pro. It does have a pen holder which is very convenient. However, with the keyboard section being flimsy they could have made it better. They could have added some protection for the actual kickstand, that would have set this far apart from the Kensington. FYI: price wise, this is cheaper than the Kensington and appears to be pretty much the same. If you do get this case. I would recommend some cover for the kickstand, perhaps a "skin" application just to prevent it from getting scuffed.
It's will slide down a lot
Without implementing QoS services and other functions it is hard to get as much out of this router as my modem is pumping out. Good for speeds under 100MBps.
I ordered two packs of 100 stickers and only used 2 stickers. They're nice stickers but they're all kind of boring and basic. That's just my opinion though
I bought two cables and one of them is defective. I will return it and keep an eye on the one that is working.
I debated giving this product a 2 star but didn't feel it was fair to say I don't like it when the rgb part is pretty cool. What I don't like though, is that the fans are rather loud using the supplied metal screws and the rubber screws are just atrocious to look at and ruin te aesthetic of a clean rgb build! They use a one-of-a-kind fan/rgb hub that connects to molex and has no speed control. The noise issue could have easily been solved by adding a fan speed contol or simply allowing the fans to be connected to the motherboard directly and be controled by software such as Asus Aura. The RGB is controled via IR remote that isn't the best method but it does work. Overall these fans aren't horrible but I don't think I'll be purchasing again and it you can afford higher quality fans such as NZXT HUE, I'd highly suggest buying them instead On the bright side they move hella air and my pc is cool.
Thought it would be a lot bigger but it's cute how small it was. Used the same way so no problem with that.
Meh, have not noticed that much if any, improvement in graphics quality over the integrated graphics of my old desktop PC from 2009. Card is way over priced, should be priced at $45.00
I have owned HP's since 1995, and trusted them. My 17 inch is a little heavy for taking to the cabin on weekends, so I opted for a 15 inch, and thought I'd add a touch screen . Well, I charge it up before I leave, and by the time I get there the next day, the battery is dead. Sure, the battery lasts 7 hours, but that is after you take it off charger, whether it is on or off. My 17 only has two hours battery, but at least I can charge it up overnight, and it is ready to go. The stuff jumps on the screen also.. haven't figured out what I am doing...maybe just looking at it? I've gone back to my 17, and I guess if company needs a computer, they can use it. I've taken off my email and personal stuff. Total waste of money.
One of the item not working properly.
The case is a lot heavier than the laptop which tends to pull down the screen at times. I also had issues with the bottom half of the case not fitting properly. Other than that I absolutely love how slim and durable it is. Love the color options as well.
we've had this power cord for 2 months and its already broken
I had to return it the first time. The zipper was broken. the second time the same, but my husband arranged it so he could use it himself. bad material
For the most part this computer is great for what I use it for. The only issue I have is that everytime I remove it from the charger, to be able to bring the computer to another room, the computer shuts off completely. Then I have to press the power button and wait for it to restart and anything I had opened was closed and I have to reopen it.
It was good for the small amount of time it lasted...
I was disappointed that there is no large slot for the placement of papers
Only the main PCIE slot is reinforced. The secondary has no reinforcement and does not run at the same speed as the primary. DUMB!
IT's able to transfer files from a USB-C device, however it's more useful for one or 2 files because for some reason the USB-C portion of it disconnects from the device for no reason.
Okay tablet. Replaced my son's Nexus 7 (2013) and needed something with 32GB onboard, so this seemed like a good option. Oddly, it does not support wireless charging.
Not as quiet as I would prefer, I use it at my desk at work and it's a bit nosey but otherwise it does what it's supposed to!
It's ok, it looks cool out of the box but shows smudges and marks really easily. Not too big of an issue, just have to clean it often to look good.
I have been using this for a month now and still it works well. The only downsides are, it gives a static feedback most of the time when I'm at work but not when at home, so I'm wondering why - maybe it's picking up some signal or something, it does get quite annoying. Second, there are background sounds when using mic from my earphones. I use Smule and I've noticed it from there. Overall, when playing music it does well just not the best quality.
This one is a good headset. More or less comfy on my big head. Sounds are great and loud. There is only one thing I am confused about - when I am on a voice chat (any application), everybody else hear their echos. I do not hear any echo, not mine, nor theirs. But everybody else do. I have no idea what is causing it. I only know that if I switch to my old headset, no echo for anybody anymore. Hence It's good for gaming and music only for me now.
Great cover bit a little harder than I thought it would be. Hard hard plastic
Doesn't quite fit the Samsung tab a. It covers the flash part so I have to remove it to use the flashlight
Good amount of data storage if your PC will pick it up. My laptop recognised it my desktop/work computer does not.
The parental button doesnt work.. So i can up wifi or anything on it
Pretty disappointed with this computer. $1100 is a lot of money for me. I thought I'd be buying something that I'd have for a few years, but less than a year in I'm having a lot of problems with it. I won't go in to detail because you should just move on to a different computer anyway.
It's a bit big in the laptop, and takes up to types C ports.
With a cover on my fire, my best option was to put it on and have the cover hang off. Although it makes holding the Fire a little easier, my fingers began to hurt after using holder for a few minutes. Overall, I would not buy this product.
I assume this product will work as advertised; however, when I ordered the unit, I paid for installation, and no one has contacted me yet. I attempted to contact the manufacturer, and I got no response to my voicemail.
Sadly found out after the fact they won't work on a Xbox.
I have been using this case for 3 months. With this price tag, I was expecting a fairly solid case that will at least last me 1 year with out cracking or chipping. NOPE.
The material is ok, the brand is good, but mine is already breaking into pieces in some areas. For a few dollars more you could buy a better option from the same manufacturer. My wife has a beautiful one that is brand new compared to mine.
It's cute but it doesn't fit my 2015 13” MacBook Pro very well.
Some of the stickers where not printed well and where miss placed but other than that I liked them a lot
I love the look and functionality of the bag. Is easy to travel with and fits more than I expected. I would have given it a 5 star review but I've had the bag for barely a month, with light use, and the zipper is already broken. :(
Didn't project on tv at all.
This case is very good quality but the picture on the case isn't good quality.
PROS: Great product, bright colors, true to picture. CONS: Shipping was 10 days late! Also the bag is pretty small I can fit a 2 in binder, 1 notebook, 2 textbooks, and my laptop. But absolutely nothing else.
When I received the package the box was damaged but luckily the cpu still worked.
Nice keyboard size, but doesn't really work well as a gaming controller.
I am setting up a home office. I have the same unit at my business office and they work great, especially for multiple monitors. I have not doubt this will perform as well
mic did dint work but the rest is ok
They work but don't last particularly long, got about a month out of one. I'd recommend looking at a Bluetooth solution instead.
iPad is great except the charger. As with my iPhone in the past, charger stopped working after 3-4 charges. I will have to purchase another charger and I hope previous one didn't damage the charge port as the charger's pins look slightly rough. Happy with ipad but very unhappy with the charger.
Very cheap plastic, doesn't always stay together. It does the job though.
Doesn't work with most of my camera setups but does work on my PC. Downside is that it has a high tone on it from time to time
Awkward, poorly designed. Don't be fooled.
Works but is very noisy due to heavy vibration. I solved the problem by putting a pad underneath and a very heavy jar on top.
My daughter loves these, but the edges don't stick on her hydroflask.
I have a full size tower the Corsair D750. It fits on there fine. But this cart does not allow you to move your computer on carpet very well. I have indoor/outdoor and when I go to move my computer it will start to slip forward on it or backwards. Then of course your have to pick it up to recenter it on the cart. So if you want your computer up off the floor it does do that very well. It gives it plenty of airspace underneath. But if you want it so you can move it around you need to modify it a little. You have to put some rubber down on the cross members once you have it set to size. But otherwise it gives plenty of air flow under the computer.
Works fine if you have a big house and Wi-Fi won't reach. Otherwise it's no better than wireless.
Added thermal paste is cheap
No one worked for me, I got to return them
Does not work with the iPen
This bag stinks. I can't be in the same room as this bag. I like the way it looks.... hopefully it will stop smelling so bad. Has anyone had this same problem?
LOVE the idea of this. I feel like I'm always cranking my head down when reading my iPad on the couch. However, it seems OVER stuffed, and I can't get the iPad into a solid position to stay stable, as it tips off no matter how much I squish the ipad into the pillow.. I'm going to see if I can remove some insides so it's slightly more floppy and flexible. There is a zipper on the bottom, but it is sealed underneath somehow, and I might have to cut it which isn't ideal.
Drive dock works fine, but the vibrations from the spinning disks pass right through the base to the desk and creates a low pitch hum which is really annoying. Had to mount this on a foam mat to better isolate, but still great. Doesn't hold the drives very securely well either, because its universal the thin drives will flop around possibly damaging the connectors. I had to make a foam shim to keep one of my 'thinner' 3.5" drives in place.
This is at leat the fourth Logitech 800 I've owned and have been quite satisfied with the sound, ease of use and noise cancellation of the product. However, when I received this latest one, I discovered that the USB-to-Headset cord was nearly a foot shorter than the ones that came with it in the past so I am trying to use the older cord, which is somewhat of a problem because the reason I have had to order so many was because of the cords.
Cute and fits perfect! Can't really figure out how to make the kick stand stay though.
Accidentally ordered a part or attachment never used or needed
Everything about this case is wonderful except for one pretty important (to me) flaw - the color shown for pink in the product photos is clearly an actual shade of pink. However, the one sent is rose gold - a very different color, and unfortunately one I dislike immensely. However, literally everything else about the case is wonderful and I don't want any of the other colors, so I'm kinda stuck with this one. If you are looking for rose gold, this is perfect. If you wanted the pink option - don't pick that color.
The handy convenience and mobility of this keyboard seemed great, BUT, once i put it to use it constantly makes errors when i push the letters or numbers it puts it 3-5 times on the screen. I am constantly going back correcting. So it take s a ton of extra time. Back to a regular keyboard until I have something better. I will be returning this one.
Case doesn't fit. This is a case for the 3B and doesn't account for the new chip for the 5G wireless chip on the board and makes access to the pins difficult. I mean COME ON. But the Pi itself is AWESOME.
It seems to work just fine - we haven't had any issues yet. We've only tried DVD's though and two gaming CD's. It was a pain to get the computer to recognize it and involved a lot of plugging in repeatedly, etc. That was why I dropped down to stars. Also because we had NO instructions included with ours. I paid slightly more for a name brand I trust and recognize and immediately I noticed how slow this one was compared to that one. So you definitely do get what you pay for.
Good quality, but way too large. Definitely designed for PC laptops only don't buy for a Mac.
I know this is a complaint review. I purchased this 12 months ago (so unfortunately my warranty is out). Everything was working okay; USB, Ethernet, and HDMI. I just keep in my padded backpack when I travel. But after a year, the HDMI... well, it's not reliable. It will connect and you will see your screen on the external monitor for a couple of seconds, and then it will blank out every 5 seconds or so continuously. I plug in my official Apple USB-C to HDMI hub and it's fine. I'm bummed that this product is already faulty after 12 months. Well, at least the USB and Ethernet is still working.
It's a perfectly fine lapdesk. It's pretty and comfortable on your lap. However, I ordered this specific lapdesk for the zippered section shown in the product pictures. I will keep the lapdesk, but I am very disappointed that it does not have that feature.
it was nice, just wasn't as helpful with tiring wrist as I had hoped
Seems tough, rugged, and has tight seals, but it's slow, big, and sticks out quite a bit with the cap still attached (permanently)
Does not have correct cut outs for Galaxy E Lite, otherwise a good case
Everything was as expected.
Color is clearer then others I have tried. The cord cuts out the image at times and I just have to unplug it and replug it back into my phone. Wish it could charge phone also.
Serves it purpose but hard to maneuver
You get what you pay for. The picture quality is not the best but it works just fine.
The only thing I disliked is the flap in the back. It's hard to open the kickstand. I love the color, but quality doesnt feel durable. For now it's okay. Thank you.
Doesn't fit snug, but feels smooth
Glad to have. Haven't had to use
Tried this after having memory foam type units before. Couldn't get used to it. Moves around a lot and sits high
Not as easy as others to use. Good quality but difficult to plug into iPhone
Default parameters are awful. After some config (mode "movie" for example), it's acceptable for coding. But for about $300, this 32'' screen is a (relatively) good deal (however, if I'm a little bit richer, I'll put some more hundred dollars to get a "real" screen instead).
Works great if you're not using the splitter. If you are using the splitter, prepare to fiddle with it for 40 seconds to 3 minutes each time you put it in until you can get it to work in both ears and the mic. Once you get it to work and stay working, it's pretty good.
pros: cheaper than the wireless keyboard I had previously. since this is my primary keyboard, i'm spending less time on the internet (and shopping on amazon)! :) cons: shift key works only about half the time (thus, the un-capitalized review); trackpad responsiveness is poor, especially for drag and drop; really have to pound on the keys for recognition. if you want a case of carpal tunnel, this keyboard is ideal. not recommended. don't cheap out; get the good keyboard.
If you are using a console, and if you have a microphone headset, you need the cable. however those cables are so cheaply made that after a week it would no longer show mic or game volume is being put onto the pc. The software is a bit weird as well but it isn't really clunky.
Works great when it works, I've been getting way better dl speeds than before. The only issue I have with it is whenever my pc goes idle/rest it disconnects from my wifi and I can't reconnect unless I reset my computer. Not that big of an issue for me, but it may be for others
Cheap, but only worked a few weeks.
Works very nicely, just make sure you have no specks of dust on your screen before installing
Very slow drive. My old hybrid drive was faster. Returned for a SSD and I could not be happier
I like the sturdiness of the case.
For the money this is a good purchase. I use it when I take my laptop to meetings or travel. Love the compactness of it and that there is built in storage for the wireless connector. No bells or whistles but gets the job done.
Did not last very long and not very durable. A very good price point though.
Not much grip, gets slick
Never had an issue with any other cable falling out before. Would plug in and use my phone for not even 5 minutes before it would become disconnected. Looked nice, noticeably heavier than other cables. Technically worked, but there is something inherently wrong with the design.
PROS: Good physical product Works well Pressure sensitivity is awesome Screen quality is awesome Great price point CONS: Does not play well with other - specifically: DO NOT BUY IF YOU ALSO USE A WACOM TABLET ON THE SAME MACHINE. After way too much investigation, it became obvious that the drivers between the two tablets simply do not play well together on Windows 10 machines. Does not work with Made with Mischief. Fine, it's an old unsupported piece of software, but I didn't buy this just to not have it work on existing software. Because of the CONS, the tablet has been relegated to an old Mac that isn't installed with Wacom. Not the best use of a good piece of equipment but still a very good device.
The case adds character and protection to my Switch and I love the whole design except the case for the joy-cons. The small pieces to hold the joy-con cases together are small and fragile. They broke off after a couple of months when I was trying to put it back on. I can no longer use the cases for joy-cons but still kept the case for the console on. Overall I like this case.
I didn't want to pay the full price of the Apple charger. This one is MUCH slower at charging my Macbook Pro. I've been using this charger for a while now. If you don't need a quick charge it works perfectly fine. I once accidentally let my computer die in the middle of a conference video call, and I plugged it in with this charger and it took a half hour before it would turn back on, so that was a pain. All in all, it's ok.
I like it. However there's one complaint. The LED controller flickers a bit too slowly. Causes some issues with monitor refresh and your eyes. I would have paid an additional $5 for a product in where the LED flicker was less obvious.
I needed more USB 3.0 ports, and this one looked great. The images showed it matching my computer's color scheme perfectly (primarily blue, accents black, blue lighting). However, when I plugged it in I learned that the LED lighting on it cycles through the colors of the rainbow, and is not in any way configurable. The other issue is that it has a fairly low current/power limit. Combining my mouse, keyboard, webcam, and game pad actually exceeds the recommended limit, so I had to find another port to use for one.
I love the purple color. Seems sturdy. But I bought it for the sleep/wake function and that does not work.
was working fine on my phone now it won't read the usb. still works on my laptop tho but don't know how long that will work for i will be upset if i lose all of my photos
It worked well and did as it was supposed to do for the first 4 months then the keyboard became a little glitchy I would have to type certain letters three or 4 times. And after about 8 months it just stopped working completely changed the batteries and everything.
Perfectly good case, and shuts off tablet as closes. The main reason I don't like this so much is the folks doesn't hold the tablet up as well as my previous case. As such it's not as good for watching TV!
The reason for the 3 stars is after a month of use i could no longer retract the cord. Great for travel.
Not happy with this product. Cheap Price, Cheaper Quality.
I got this for my girl friend who's getting married and she hasn't said anything so I guess she likes it 😆 I can't really give an review. But it's really great that the customer Service dose email to see how you like the product so that's why I gave a 3 star review.
Did not fit perfectly very hard to put on can hold tablet With ease just doesn't look great
Been using 2 of these for several months now. Primary drawback is the very limited radio range. Also not terribly stable, need to power cycle about monthly.
Case is great. Room for three internal fans. USB 3.0 ports in the front are a bit buggy from time to time. Only bad note, extremely fragile material, it looked as if the box it was shipped in was dropped and nearly destroyed the frame but I managed to pound it out. Not too happy with our shipping service right now. Will be going with cases that are much sturdier in the future.
I mostly just try to use it for my gaming system. It works pretty well however with it my nat type remains at ether moderate or strict on my device.
This product does a decent job converting HDMI to Composite. After a couple of days of use, the output signal was unstable to the point of being unusable. I decided to get a VGA to Composite with better results.
it's a little small - would prefer if it was bigger - not a fan of the size - I wish the size of this mouse would be multiplied by like 1.2 - works though
Love the sound quality and the comfort of the ear phones, but they slide off and my friends are able to hear quite a bit of my own game because the mic picks up on it. Tried everything to fix it, but it's literally just the mic being too sensitive and picking up on the sound in my game from the headphones. Google'd it and found it's a common problem with Razer headphones. I would suggest buying other headphones.
I was pleasantly surprised by how easy this was to put on and how nicely it fits my iPad 5. Nice feature that the cover being closed also shuts it off. It feels sturdy and I'm happy with my purchase. Less than 6 months later, the spine has torn and most of the print has rubbed off. It's just coated cardboard.
Product Was fine and works great it's my iPad. The package was incorrectly delivered. It was delivered down the street. Packaging was damaged.
I received this product free. First the good. It works initially. I have not experienced the heat problems that other reviewers have noted. The vendor's customer service department has always been outstanding, immediately sending out replacements during the warranty period. With windows 10, it was plug and play. However,It failed to improve reception above that I experienced with a small compact adapter from a different manufacturer that I had been using. The bulky antenna I thought would add to durability, but tonight while moving a desktop computer, the adapter case broke off in 2 parts and the adapter is no longer recognized. I expect that the vendor will replace it. If you're able to deal with the downtime associated with failure I would recommend it's purchase because of the quality of the customer service.
I installed this a few weeks ago and it seems like I am dropping emails just as much as before, so not sure what the issue is now. I should add that I had a bit of a problem getting this installed b/c I am not a tech savvy person. Eventually I got it. Will write more on this once I see if it works or not...
They work, and are cheap.
I love this. I used it in my classroom to extend my cord to hook up a computer across my room. Works great!
I sent this item back, It didn't work for what I wanted.
Its a useful good appliance, but drops Bluetooth connection about 10% of the times. Still very useful and good piece. Bought more for my family.
Great price and shipped quickly. The only problem that I had was that the push button to connect to wifi didn't work, so I have to manually enter the passcode into about 7-8 different devices, one at a time.
USB-C to USB-C does not work for me...and this was a selling point in me buying this unit... USB-C to USB-A works great
This is a cheap router but it works. Yes, it's true wifi cuts out every now and then. I mainly use it for the 8 ports, and those work fine. The dd-wrt firmware upgrade sounded like a good idea if it fixes the wifi problems but the upgrade errors out for me so I couldn't do it. Besides the wifi issues, what's annoying is that it comes with a european AC plug. But I'm in the US. I wish the description was more clear. It comes with a flimsy adapter, but I was hoping for a cleaner look. Lastly, the packaging is it's own retail D-link box which arrived in bad shape. So be prepared for people to see exactly what you're buying and pray that people don't steal it. It would've been better in an additional box with padding. Luckily the contents were ok, just a little dusty. Looking at the inside packaging, I wonder if this was an open box return. But I can't say for sure. For now, the router works, will update or return if things go south.
Good except it needs the protective glass for the front.
Like this product, but if you only have one usb port on your laptop... its kind of a waste. but hey desktop people, look out for warm coffee. Wish you can use paper cups on this thing...but I wouldn't recommend it.
A 4 TB drive that only shows 3.5 TB should be just that 3.5 TB. No way 500 Gigs should be unusable, that is just plain crazy. But i guess for the Sub $100 price you get what you pay for, can't really complain other than the size. It transfers plenty fast. We shall see how long it lasts.
Battery came and fit but it does not stay locked in place.
The day I received the drive started backing up my data, when it was half full got read error, I loaded some tool that could read smart data, and it showed the drive had pending sectors which it indication of questionable bad sectors had the drive returned and got refund back
Got the job done okay
Sorry to say this board is the first of 12 Asus boards I have used in builds that has problems. The third memory slot is dead. After all the work of getting the computer together I sure didn't feel good about taking it apart to send it back. So, I spent another $150 to get two memory sticks to do the same job my four sticks would have done. Glad it wasn't one of the primary slots that was bad or I would have had to disassemble the machine. But, I will never be able to reach full memory potential. Sad purchaser. Bob
Every other game the controller goes into remap mode and paddles don't work....... I'm going to have to delete the touch sensor I believe it's the problem
A bit cumbersome but does the job.
I have a love-hate relationship with this cover and keypad. When I'm using it in landscape with the key pad, I love the fact that there are three adjustment positions for screen viewing. The keyboard is thin and folds up nicely against the screen when not in use. Unfortunately, the negatives outweigh the positives with this package. The entire package is just too thick and bulky. I previously used an Apple cover for the iPad Air 2 that was extremely thin and light. My heart just sank at the weight of the Fintie combo when I opened the box. The keyboard is compact and has all the right keys that you would want but they have a deep press and click that reminds me of keyboards from 20 years ago. That mushy press creates a noticeable lag when typing that gets uncomfortable. The keyboard is also magnetic, which allows you to move it around. That has good and bad aspects as well... like what do I do with it when I'm not using it? The biggest dislike is that since its so bulky, I often use it without the keyboard. Then the cover becomes very awkward since it doesn't fold up where you want it to and becomes a chore to hold in the landscape position. And then you have to remember where you left the keyboard... I'll be keeping this combo since it does what it says it does. Nonetheless, it is big and heavy and I'll just keep searching for something sleeker. I just don't understand why no one makes a keyboard cover for an iPad that has the same slim design as the cover for a Microsoft Surface tablet.
Writing this approximately 8 months after purchase. For the past month or so this extender has started to rapidly decline as far as how well and how often it actually works. Id say around 5 months in it started doing this thing where it would need to be quite frequently un pluged or pluged back in, disconnected from then reconnected just to get wifi to work, just irritating little things that you really shouldnt have to deal with when purchasing a quality product. For 25$ however i cant say i didnt get my money's worth. It worked as it should for a solid 6 months before it started having issues. I would of been well satisfied had it made it a whole year before taking a dump. 3 our of 5 stars.
From time to time it tends to disconnect itself and I need to set everything again; however when it works it works pretty well. So no sure whether I recommend it or not.
It works awesome as I said above on my Lenovo. I only gave it 3 stars because it would not be recognized at all on my home desk top which has a new MSI Z390 Pro mother board with 2 thunder 3 ports. Neither port works with this device?
i had mines for almost a year and it has cracked on the edges and the clear skin peels off
The aluminum surface is rough, and the lack of a silicon pad on the backside meant that the back of my aluminum tablet gets scratched when I move it. I recommend putting a case on your phone/tablet or tape up the backside (which makes it look ugly).
Fan don't blow very much air would not purchase again
Great bag but the small zipper handles keep falling off. That's the only bummer
Not what I expected, to bulky and heavy. However, since it cost so much to return I just keep it and donate to goodwill or something
Pixel quality is low, pixel definition is not too good. You can see the pixel with you eyes, it doesnt has a smooth connection pixel to pixel
And this may be a small thing, but you have to make sure your hands are dry and free of any lotion or oils. it stains it and it looks horrible. I have to remember every time I pull my laptop out, to wipe it down. I've found myself popping it off so no-one notices. Other than that. If it's home. I can careless.
The only thing that bugs me is that it touts HDMI all over the description but it does not come with a HDMI cable! It doesn't even state whether it comes with one or not so here I go waiting 2 more days for the cable to come.
This is my perfect mouse...except I am gonna give it a #3 because, like my first Naga, it broke right after the warranty. The LEFT mouse click broke. as you can see. This is really frustrating because, close to $100 dollars, you'd expect a product to weather more than a couple of years.
It is fine but there is not a way to set it for vertical use; only does sideways
Was a bit disappointed with the speed, not any faster than my old disc WD hard drive, way over priced
Seemed great at first but the touch screen isn't picking up most of the time and after 1 drop my screen is shattered. So much for spending $ on a case to protect my ipad. Really bummed and now have to buy a new ipad and find a better case that will hold up to my 2 yr old.
Just got this case in and i was expecting it to me a little more sturdy, its pretty flimsy, but with that said it still props my ipad up and it's doing its job of covering my ipad lol. I got the gold case, its very much a dull gold, but i also don't want a large glitter case so I'm okay with that.
This wifi extender signal goes in and out so it is never stable. It was hard to figure out the instructions to try to set a password. It may be ok to some people but it was difficult for me.
I bought this about a year ago now and it's still working so that's a plus. It gets louder and louder with time but it has kept my computer going for the past year without overheating so it does its job. Down side i have to duct tape it to my computer because the round pieces that hold the platform that slides under the computer broke shortly after I bought it. The rubber over the wires on the usb cord separated from the USB plug so I had to use electrical tape to keep it from falling apart and The noise is pretty loud so if you work in an office setting or spend a lot of time on the phones I would suggest looking into something else. Overall I wouldn't purchase again and it's about time to upgrade and drop all the duct tape.
Unfortunately, you can't swivel the tablet when in the case. There are times you want to view something in portrait without taking it out of its case. Also the grooves that keeps the tablet up for viewing are not deep enough and the tablet keeps on slipping.
Not a bad product but there are other Blink weather proof covers that work better.
No problems but just not what I expected.
I like the style. What I don't like is the fact that they really don't lock into place well so my iPad falls all the time when I am watching it.
They're a pretty close replacement for the earpiece clip, but it's made of hard plastic which seems brittle and is uncomfortable. A soft rubber would be much better.
I expected better results. Too slow, problems with online video, but compact and lightweight. This laptop has beautiful color :-) Good for travelling or college use.
Thicker than I would like, but it does the job and a better (thinner) option doesn't seem to exist.
Ok, so I bought this for my son a while ago. It was fine up until a few months later, when It unexpectedly broke. If you're looking for a reliable product, don't come near this.
Since most/all the heavy duty phone case has the protective bottom notch, I have to take off the top and bottom covers in order to use this drive. Need to be narrower. V v inconvenient 🤬 I think I'll ask for refund. The description of the product should have this info!
Super small bag. Other than my chrome book I can't really fit much else . The quality is good though.
connections are not a tight as they could be
As far as product it very good. The picture shows 2 but you only buy 1. The picture is misleading. Which is why I gave 3 stars. Bad business.
It was just OK. It is kind of cheap inside. It will do the job but I do see it lasting very long.
The bad: Arrived with a stain or scratch on it. The elastic that secures the laptop pocket is too long, leaving several inches of play. The Strap looks like a dog's leash. The color is more eggplant purple than I thought it would be. The good: Arrived quickly. Holds 15.5” laptop. Stands on its own.
I was expecting more from the product, not very pleased, it's an okay but but it didn't fit as perfectly as I thought it would. The camera section at the back is too small so it interferes when taking photos. Not a fan of how it is when angled. It also does not wake up the tablet when cover is lifted as description stated.
Not pleased, it cames with some scratches. Other than that i would have given it 5 stars.
Honestly its an okay little computer, but just way too slow for my school work. You get what you pay for
Material was not as good as I thought, however My wife likes it.
I should have checked the picture first. I didn't expect the power plug on the side. The place where I intend to place this device, the looks are going to be ugly. Since it was my mistake, Device went into recycle bin.
It's pretty loud. I switched from the included fan to a case from from another manufacture which helped with the noise. For sure not what I hoped, but for the price I guess i was warned.
I just purchased this computer due to the fact that Asus had responded to a question in the question and answer section for this product here on amazon. The question was "is the ssd upgradeable". The Asus employee stated that a M.2 drive had to be purchased. So based on this, I purchased a 256 gig M.2 drive. I pulled the back cover and saw an empty M.2 slot. I secured the drive. once I powered up, it did not recognize the drive. I had purchased an external enclosure so I could copy the drive.. I went ahead and pugged the drive into the usb port and it was recognized!! Since I knew the drive was good, I called Asus. After the rep did some research, I was told that this model was not upgradable!! I noticed that a couple of reviewers stated that they were able to upgrade successfully upgrade.. it looks like they may have changed the specs.. my computer was manufactured on February 2019.
Bought this to replace my laptop briefcase bag. Overall, price is great, appearance and size are great, and lots of pockets. I like the depth of the water bottle pockets and the zipper pouch on the lower back side of the pack. Yes, the stitching looks cheap, and the shoulder straps are thin. Regarding the should straps, they are comfortable. Also, if you are worried about the stitching, get a needle and thread and fix it if it comes loose. The deal breaker for me was one missing option. This pack has no pocket that has individual organized places to store pens, a key lanyard, or small pigeon hole pockets. you just have to throw all your stuff in a compartment and let it pile up like the bottom of a woman's purse. Mailing it back today.
Did not fit my tablet, was too small...
Bought 5, two DOA and they interfere with each other if used in the same room.
The case is OK and the keyboard functions well. The design is a bit lacking. The strap that holds it up and closes the case is too thin. It doesn't keep the case shut well and it kind of slides back and forth as you carry it. The strap used snaps on the back to hold the tablet up like a monitor or laptop. That part works decently. However, it uses a magnet to close the case. That doesn't work very well and is why the case doesn't stay shut very well as mentioned earlier. It would be better if the strap was a little wider and if it used a snap or something other than a magnet to close it.
Practical use and fun to have ! But fall apart to quickly could be a bit more durable! Still good price.
Perfect case except fingerprints and smudges appear constantly, no matter how clean my hands are. The one downside of the satin smooth plastic and dark color options.
I originally bought this router last year or so for my parents. It has been working flawlessly for them since. I decided to get myself one based off of that success, as well as its good WiFi range and speeds. Unfortunately, my unit is defective. I cannot return it because the return window was missed. I had to go on vaca and didn't even get to unbox it for a while. After a week of internet drops, I boxed it back up only to realize I just lost $60. I tried the firmware updates, resetting, you name it, but it's F'd. The internet and my cable modem are fine, and always worked directly connected to my PC, so it's def the router. I have been using my gf's backup router for now, but it's old and needs replaced, yet still works better than this hot pile of garbage. I read many other reviews of this with people having similar issues, so I cannot in good conscience recommend this product. Sucks because when it works, it is fantastic. Time to find a more reliable brand.
I was intending to use it to make a corkboard in my office. They're nicely shaped and sticky, but way too thin to actually use as a corkboard. I suppose if you were using them for coasters or other protective uses they'd work well.
Pro: -this is the only way I'll play most games now. -map the keys however you like. -assign macros and easily engage them. -no more sore wrist/hand. Con: -the non-slip pads are held on with an adhesive. The adhesive melted a bit from normal use, and the pads slid around, creating a sticky mess and causing the pads to never be seated correctly since. This alone subtracted two stars. -this requires an internet connection. I much preferred the on board memory of my first gamepad. It felt like it worked better and was more convenient.
All it does is show a red and blue light, really pretty. No instructions on how to use it. Or what it should do when you have plugged it into a hard drive and your computer. Price was right, and as far as I can tell its durable.
Broke after a year or two, scroll wheel came out of place. Was a great mouse while it worked
I ordered a ton of cables for my production studio set up and these cables are well made and for the most part work great. The only problems I've faced is when using them for my audio interface. They have issues and start causing data drops or glitching. Switched cables everything was great.
The premise/promise of functionality would be perfect if just a little more instruction were included. Do I need a SIM card? I'll work it out in time and I'll google any needed info.
If you need a stylus ONLY for tapping icons on your screen, this is fine. Unfortunately it doesn't work for writing/drawing on the screen. I get a lot of deliveries at work, and most of the time I have to sign a digital screen. I hate using my finger because it looks like a 2 year old tried to forge my name, so I tried this pen. Fail. It's a decent ink pen but I didn't buy it for that.
I read the reviews, but didn't think it would happen to me because I'm careful. The zipper broke as many other reviewers noted and this is such a disappointment . This a gorgeous back pack of nice quality. Wish they put a quality zipper in it, too. Think twice before you order because now I'm on the hunt for someone to repair it which will drive the price up even further!
One works the other didn't, but I only needed 1.
They work as expected. Would have given higher rating but the screw terminals are flimsy and hard to secure wires
It was a little larger than it should be, my computer moves around quite a lot. Also the color was more dull than the photo. The inside was nice and soft and the extra pouch is very helpful
Plastic Screen scratches VERY easily. You Must order a glass cover and put it on before using. Also a bit slow in starting & running apps, but good value for the cost.
is ok product., work w Bluetooth.
This wireless gaming mouse is good, but nothing special! Has some weight to it, which is nice, but feels somewhat cheap nonetheless. I am not sure why people are complaining about the battery lasting 1 hour, I have been using mine for well over a week before having to recharge it. Good value for the price, but you might find better options available.
Having a hard time keeping it paired keeps saying not paired. And I'm getting frustrated
Terrible quality! Buy another product. The worst design.
I like that it had multiple ports but the hdmi port stopped working after one use and now it doesn't work
The shipping time was great, Thanks for sending this out so quick. However, After I full charge, I only got about 1.5 hours time then It ran out. The charge was identical to my old battery. The only thing I can think of is, maybe the regulator for the charge light on my laptop is tripping green too soon. But I tried charging this battery for 4 hours, and it was the same. No laptop battery should take that long. My original battery would run up to 4 hours with no brakes.
Purchased for my 6 year old son who loves to watch YouTube videos and play games. He absolutely loves the display and touchscreen but had me delete the preloaded “baby games.” It comes included with a storage card for the price which is great, my son also likes to take photos and create his own videos. The last iPad became extremely slow after downloading a few games and videos so he quit playing with it altogether. I would recommend purchasing a screen protector, I don't care how great the quality is or how good the price, my son is guaranteed to accidentally crack the screen!! So I don't know how he did it but he dropped it and it currently has 3 cracks on the inside of the screen but it still works like a champ, that was before I bought the screen protector so shame on me. It can also be used as a phone as long as you have service.
It's nice and light weight but the fold appears to be flimsy. Also there is no latch or strap to keep it closed
Works reliably, however barely over USB2 speed on usb3 ports.
The screen protector is perfect, however the box had been opened and the alcohol pads had been used. Whoever is packing needs to look more closely at the box. Again screen protector was unused so we didn't return. Other than that great product.
The case fits great but needed to make a minor adjustment around the volume button
This product didn't work for me. It's 9 layers thick and comes with no instructions. No matter how I put it together, it didn't fit with my card.
I keep getting disconnections when using a 3.0 hub. I would have to unplug and re-plug to reset. If I connect a device straight without using a hub then I don't have issues. Using the included CD's drivers didn't make any difference.
It's an ok headset. It does what it's supposed to do. Not very comfortable headset though.
I like this bag a lot. I used to have a previous similar model from Dell. That one lasted forever but this one seems to be of lesser quality. One of the interior pockets ripped after less than a month of use.
doesnt stay in place
Good design, fits well but the material quality is not so great.
At first I was pretty excited about these headsets, but they have sorely disappointed in every single field including but not limited to audio quality, wireless connectivity, and battery life. Headset is aesthetically pleasing, fits great around my head and ergonomically very comforting. These would be great qualities if the audio itself wasn't poor. The sound keeps cutting off if playing at loud volumes (even though the headset itself even at max volume isn't very loud). Wireless range is maximum of 10 feet, can't even go to my living room without the audio starting to chop. Missing media buttons, but I guess that's not a con since it wasn't really advertised as so, but still huge oversight. Overall quite disappointed.
Does charge but does not Quick charge like the original LG cable. I can only give 3 stars for that reason.
My robot was defective, but I can see why this would be an enjoyable kit to build and get an understanding of robotics. The board is pre-programmed, and all that is needed is assembly. There are some tiny screws, but the chassis is laser-cut and everything fits nicely. My kit was missing a spring connector on the battery box and one of the sonic heads was probably defective and didn't function properly. Tech support was unhelpful in replacing the pieces and they attempted to charge me for return shipping. If it worked as it should have, it would have been a 5 star product.
It was the wrong size and was returned.
Was nice while it lasted, but that was only 2 months.
Wouldnt trust it with a fall, but protects the outside
The apparatus was difficult to attach due to the insert that kept falling out. Ending up having to improvise with bubble wrap inside to tighten it and forget the plastic insert. Doesn't stay tight . Make shift at best.
Replaced with another access point.
I chose this cover out of all the covers being sold because it is one of the only ones with a glossy finish. The case scratches quite easily and more importantly, the top shell does not completely fit properly. I'm not sure if I just got a badly cut one, but I'm pretty disappointed. The right side of the top shell seems to fit properly, then if you look at my picture of the left side, the shell covers only half of the screen. If there was a way for me to return this shell, I would (but I already opened it :()
My rubber was flat. It my be a flaw or bad design.
Definitely not the best tablet not even for the price.. But i bought it for my 2 year old.. He can watch movies on it that all i wanted it for. I later found a tablet called the fusion5 tablet much better for the price... I would recommend you check that tablet if your considering this one... Just my opinion...
Nice look but a bit too heavy for the face.
Although this is 'renewed' item, it looked new. I'm not a tech savvy and it was very easy to setup. So, the question is if this helped extend the wifi signal. Yes, but not as much as it claims. My house is an old house with thick plaster walls. I bought several small wifi extenders/repeaters before but none of them gave me long range signal. I did not want to spend over $40 but weak signal was getting annoying so I decided to spend more for this. Disappointed? Yeah, kinda. I put outdoor wireless security camera and needed long range wifi extender. This did give me 'little' more signal than my cheap extenders, enough to operate the outdoor camera. Only ONE exterior wall to pass the signal. I was expecting more than just 'little' improvement. But since it is giving enough signal, I am okay with it. But expected much much more signal.
The locks seems like they'll work but the trip screwdriver completely stripped before I could remove a single screw. Now I need to order a screw driver that isn't garbage. Edit: I'm upgrading these to 3 stars. The mechanisms work, and work very well. Buy yourself a seperate screw driver though. The supplied one is complete garbage.
The stickers don't stay on very well. I keep having to press them back on to the AirPods.
We bought two cases. One is great, the other is not so good. They do a good job of protecting the iPad. The removable cover is very nice. But one of the covers doesn't turn the display off or on. I am guessing that the magnet is in the wrong place. It kept the screen on long after the cover closed.
I bought mine December (delivered December 28th to be exact) so I have had it less then a year, less then a half a year. And the R2 button is no longer clicking. I had it for 5 month, and I only used it for 2 to 3 (the rest was me avoiding it because of the R2 button) so there is no reason it should be broken. And as an added bonus I took it apart and found that it is the button itself that is broken so I would need to basically replace the whole board.
I would like to get the bottom cover replaced as it wore off and broke in less than 4 months..
Quite rigid cable. Don't like the cable. But it works without issues.
Bookbag is food but you guys lie about the charger does not work thank you so much with out testing it before sending it
Sometimes the mouse and keyboard decide to stop working and I cannot control the sound with the sound buttons on the keyboard. Other than that, it does the job.
Fits great but not snug on the laptop, wife was scared it would break off
The picture quality is not so good, it doesn't has much definition. The case was very durable.
this mouse was good for the first few day but after a while it keeps turning itself off and doesnt work ...really not impressed with it
First of all, ZAGG is not affiliated with amazon, so any zagg products listed on amazon are from 3rd party sellers. That being said-I was so disappointed when I got this keyboard as after 5 DAYS of charging it still would not work. I should've taken the hint after the first 24 hours but I wanted it to work so badly. It was a faulty product, from a third party seller. Which is why I was going to give it one star, BUT I contacted zagg and told them the situation. They were happy to send me a replacement free of charge, and since the model I got was discontinued they sent me the updated model. All I had to do was send back my faulty keyboard. So for zagg customer service I'll give a couple stars.
Having misplaced my Apple Pencil, I thought I would try a cheaper alternative. The pencil paired easily with my iPad Pro and seemed to work well. The rubber cover for the charging part was flimsy and disconnected from the pencil. It was very difficult to reinsert the anchor and ultimately it broke off. I guess I got what i paid for.
works good sound is off by a second or so sometimes on headset.
These set look like kid toys, too small and not comfortable. Im going to return it.
Not working with my pc and is useless for me.
Case fits really well, works perfectly to lock and unlock and looks good. I have two issues with it, one minor, one major. First, it adds a significant amount of heft to the iPad. Not so much that it's annoying but it's noticeable. Second, as other reviewers have noted, there are durability issues with the hard plastic shell. I've had mine less than a month and there are cracks in 3 of the 4 corners. I have never dropped the case. With any luck they will not spread but it's disappoint nonetheless.
Product is okay. I bought it for my acer predator and I didn't like the air flow. It seems really low and you almost can't feel it even blowing. I gave it to my gf and order the cm storm which is way better but cost more. Lights and fans are one so you can't shut off lights without shutting off fans also.
Initially I loved this product, but let me caveat the entire review with this, I live in Florida. If you live anywhere that is humid, forget it. Especially if you are a runner/athlete. The screen gets condensation under it ever time I work out and the touch screen doesn't work for obvious reasons. If you live north of the Mason Dixon line, you will love it. It installed easy. Seems durable and has an overall good look. But that touch screen issue is a deal breaker. I will look at one of the others that don't cover the screen and have a lip around the face. Sorry to be a bummer, but it is what it is.
This mouse worked great, until the scroll button broke -- about 2 months. ugh.
Is what it is.....for the money, not bad....Don't Expect Epson or higher quality.
Received battery fast, but battery died only after 10 days of usage. The seller stands behind his products and replaced the faulty battery free of charge. The second battery still working after 5 weeks of usage. Hopefully the first battery was just a temporarily glitch.
It cuts off for some reason you have to unplug it amd plug it back in for it to work a few minutes but other than that its the first thing that i have found actually works for my galaxy s9 plus
The product is very good, love the fan cooldown with led and charger. It has sliders to fit my note 8 with ease. One huge complaint is the comfort. The unit is not wide enough at all for larger phones. The grips needs to be about an inch longer as well. My note 8 sticks out about 1/2 an inch each side. So your palms are grabbing the side of the phone not the grips. Just your fingertips are on the backside. Imo they need a larger grip that holds the outside of the phone that is wider as well. So that way you can play more comfortably.
Power button isn't working i will update my review to 5 stars if i can get a replacement part
Weak suction, does it work, somewhat, i would advise to try another model or something stronger
Yea, the reviews say it all. I believe it cracked or chipped a bit. It was pretty though. I think i dropped it once and that was it i don't remember lol sorry
My SSD is not showing up at all when connected with this cable, power and access lights are lit but I cannot find the device. FIX: I had to go into Disk Management and allocate a volume for this disk. You will most likely have to do thing for any new drive!
the RGB I'd recommend a box without a built in control. I removed it, should have bought the cheaper version of same box that doesn't have RGB. It's pretty easy to build in but I don't feel it's designed to handle noise. When the 2080TI spins up the fans for load the box sounds like a plane.
Quite a delay to wake up. Otherwise works well. Great for the price.
You. Get what you pay for kinda flimsy but it works
after 1 trip in my backpack, along with other stuff that survived many trips perfectly fine, the usb c port was blocked by the rubber container and became inaccessible
Keyboard is very nice and has great backlight, unfortunately switching between layers takes a long time (5 seconds). Also the cheap blue switches and horrible stabilizers have very noticeable key shake
These work fine, but man were they a pain in the rear to install. Be forewarned.
Sounds good and everything. Very comfortable for about 30mins, after that my ears start to hurt and I have to take them off often because they are not "over ear" as stated! and I have small ears! Good for kids, other than that get an actual over ear headset.
I wanted to contact the seller about this but i couldnt find a way to do that, but this mouse is very nice. I was introduced to it by a friend. it feels great in your hand and there is no pressure on the wrist. My only and biggest complaint is that the battery life is awful. I got this on March 30. Started using it about a week later. i have gone thru 3 pairs of Energizer batteries. I use it at work, just normal daily work. Right now im looking at it sitting on my desk not working. :-(
The band rip within one day of having it. I really like this case for my watch. I just wish the band lasted longer
I have ordered this product twice. None of them came a dust remover.
This was my first time building a PC so maybe I just didn't know what i was doing but the instructions are just pictures so there was no help in connecting my cables together and cable management was kinda tight. But once I figured it out, it left me with a great looking PC
Decent hub, the headphone jack is a bit crappy though
Could someone please contact me about this product. I need help as soon as possible .
I thought was the only charger for my surface!!!!
This product advertises one terabyte - not two. I used it to backup critical docs from a failing laptop - about 345 Gigabytes. It ran all night and by all appearances got the job done. No complaints. I note also that I did get ripped off on another drive claiming to have a full terabyte but it was a total fake. That does not seem to be the case here. I may just be one out of ten that got lucky, but this flash drive has operated as advertised so far (two weeks from purchase and first use)
The problem with this product, which is well documented ( I found this out after the purchase), is that there are multiple manufacturers of the memory. Two of the three memory vendors run slower than one. There is no way to know what you have until you plug it in your system. Otherwise, it works as advertised. I have seven of these cards. 4 of the 7 run slower than 3 (Mining ETH... fast cards run at 23 Mh/s, slow cards can not get beyond 19 Mh/s)
I really like this monitor, the image quality is really nice, kinda wish I would of gone for the 27" instead of the 24" but due to it being my first 1440p monitor I didn't really know what to expect. I like everything about it but the only issue I have with it is that it has an insane amount of backlight bleed on both of my monitors compared to any other monitor I've owned.
I liked the keyboard for its price. But my my keys are all mixed up
Broke from being stepped on my a 40lb dog.
Works as it should. Kinda noisy and its not really mini.
Even at $89 it sucks
A corner behind and below the screen sort of pops out, and I need to pop it back in. I wished this would not be so. 3 stars because the rest was great. If this could be fixed...which I doubt and wished you guys could correct me...I would change the review. I love Asus though. Best computers ever!
Came with some scratches, but still good quality mouse and a good size.
Looks great and fits perfectly, better quality than what I imagined however this thing is a huge fingerprint magnet. It's like it draws the oils from my hands intentionally almost
This was a waste of money for me. I didn't need it. It did not work in my camera. because the camera was not good.
...but after that, the audio begins to harshly crackle even at a lower volume. Reinstalling drivers and plugging in the dongle in a different USB port did not help. Also, the simulated 7.1 is terrible and sub channel is mumbling garbage. If this were a standard headset with 5.1 and better wireless detection, I'd rate it higher. If you want a decent headset for your money, go with this, but results may vary.
I was excited to receive this iPad Pro case because of it's style and design but in less than 90 days it lost its capability to put my iPad to sleep when I closed the cover. I tried rebooting the iPad and repositioning it in the case with no luck. Ultimately I had to order another brand to replace this case. Very disappointing it only lasted 3 months.
Well once I got it to work ... it's fine but per the instructions they tell you how to connect to your tv great but it does not explain how to hook up to you wish OR cable box what ever service you have... no one just has a tv without some sort of satellite or something. So I had to call my dish network and they helped me with the hook up.. now it works great..so maybe you could work on this instructions for future customers..
My bottom piece cracked to the point where it couldn't even stay on the laptop anymore....it would just fall right off. So basically the case became useless after a couple months.
The backpack is cute, stylish and very functional however I find the USB port absolutely idiotic. I was under the impression that I would be able to charge the backpack then use the backpack USB port to charge my devices. What's the point if I have to keep the backpack plugged in to a portable charging pack. I can just plug my phone in to one. Very disappointed
It might be better if it was better quality
The description says it stands. Mine does not at all. It is difficult to charge the 1st gen ipad. Other reviews did mentioned they cut a way a piece so they plug the charger in easier. But I'm too chicken in case I ruin it.
Lots of storage for its footprint. The problem is it gets hot. When I mean hot... really really hot. I wouldn't be surprised if it damages itself due to heat in due time. So I'll call it 3 stars.
This one you have to do a lot of setting up. I'm pissed in a way, because one would think, if you have a Net gear router, Net gear splitter, Net gear relay, They all should plug and play along,,, Not so. As for the main router, yeah it's fine, nothing I would jump up and down for. I still can't get internet in my shed from a hard wired router out there, have to call tech support again, hope I get a US person that understands the problem....
I've been using this cord for a while and it works well, unless I move my controller. Since the day I bought it, whenever I move, the wire connection detaches from my controller enough to cause the controller to reset in the middle of my game, which can be frustrating.
The product is good. But Samsung Customer Service is totally in a mess.
This is a great pin but... and big but... if you are like the majority of Ipad users out there with some sort of protective case, this pen doesn't work well through any type of case with glass or plastic between the screen and the pen. It will work through the classic stick on screen protectors but if your are an otterbox owner, you'll find yourself having to take the Ipad out of the case whenever you want to use this.
The price is solid. But the s pen holder is horrible
Please unsubscribe me from your spam.
The fans are easy to install with the rubber stoppers, however blow little air. Good for the price, bad for the quality.
Took a little effort to get this operational. Not recognized by Windows OS so you will need add the driver which is different based on your OS. Not for a novice and certainly not plug and play. That said it seems to be working just fine.
Most...beauty. least...heavier than expected.
Hit or miss quality. Bought two from different sellers. One was a dud and the other worked flawlessly. On this product page be careful with buying overseas as one seller's shipping option took 7 weeks.
its good and does decently as a primary drive for an older computer but windows ten really chugs on it especially if windows wants to update ur going to be waiting a good chunk of time. makes a okay secondary drive though.
I like the product itself, however, the zipper, at least on mine, was horrendous to even get started, let alone opened. I struggled for a good few minutes to even get it open. Once closed, I ran into the same issue getting back into it. I think it is just poor design of the fabric surrounding the zipper just being too tight. I am satisfied overall with the purchase but felt this should be addressed.
Smaller than expected, but useful.
Terrible purchase It's a terrible quality. Too clumsy for me. I would not buy this again! Much worse than I was expecting! Not what i expected wanted.
I brought tis protection for my iPad well I haven't used it yet because I just got it. knowing my daughter she brake things I really need it
Dunno what the hell this things made out of, but I've had it sitting underneath $800 of college textbooks for a week and it still wont lay flat. The underside also doesn't really grip the surface well, so it slides around. Oh well. Was only like 10 bucks.
The color is great. The shoulder strap is great. But the handles make no sense. You cannot use the handles if the bag is zipped. They are on the inside of the bag not the outside.
The case looks nice and seems to be well constructed. The case has a good bit of padding and is bulkier than I prefer. I wish I'd chosen a different, thinner case.
I haven't had this for very long and it continues to shut down (Bluetooth doesn't stay on even after a full charge). I believe it should work much better than this. It is on the heavier side as well (bulky). Very similar to a laptop. The swivel ability is nice.
I've had this for a year now. It is still working, but there are issues. The USB ports all work, if you push hard and don't touch it. The light in the switch flickers like a candle. The cable is good and thick, but the plug end is huge and oddly angled so it only fits with a small plug in the other socket. In general, buy if you must or if it's on sale, otherwise look for something a bit higher quality.
Problem with this device is, all the buttons are so close together that you keep pushing the wrong button in a dull room during a presentation. I am trying to get used to it but saying sorry to the class for pushing the wrong button isn't working for me. One more week of trying then its going back if it wont get better. Also, every time you turn if off it resets to turn on next time with the mouse feature on.... annoying.
The controller itself is pretty good comfy but the left hand joycon analog stick even after recalibrated isn't responding well and It may not last much longer. My right hand one seems to be just fine.
I haven't been able to use this yet because it requires 4 triple AAA batteries, it didn't say it didn't come with batteries, and I don't have any. Also, being handicapped, I can't get into a car and go get some, so I had to order them afterwards. On the plus side, it came with a rubber cover that will prevent spills from killing it, which is why I had to get a replacement in the first place.
Wow when this card was working the quality of the image was spectacular it was fast uploading downloading images then one day at a very important shoot my camera would not work could not figure out what it was someone suggested try another memory card, camera working immediately. this card died after a year of use I've never had a card go bad on me this was the first it was shocking because it works so well before
Only left 3 stars because I was not shipped the case exactly as shown in the picture, but sent one that closely resembles it. Really wanted one that covered the home button but received one that didnt.
Inexpensive, small and fully functional; However, instructions are not very clear and the need to switch between the keyboard and mouse junction makes some task problematic. Good value for the money but takes some time getting use to.
I bought this for my son for Christmas. He was really excited to get it. He wanted it for fortnite. He used it till about noon on Christmas Day and went back to the controller. He got frustrated getting a hand of it. Has not used it since. Seems like it's well made. The colorful lite up keyboard is neat.
I was really excited to get this item in! I've been having trouble finding a good charger that fit my kids older version ipad. Sadly the adapter falls off the charger plug so it doesn't really work for us.
So I switched to this to see if it was better than my Artic Silver stand by. I saw the reviews, heard the hype....tried it and my overclocked CPU runs a whopping 5 degrees cooler with Arctic Silver than it does with this stuff. Both were applied using the thin and even spread (not the stupid pea or bead technique) and there is no contest. Sorry, I just don't see what the hype is about, its not as good.
There is a really big base that doesn't really fit anywhere. It is sturdy and easily put together.
Purchased to replace the original equipment one for my wife's computer that failed. Works ok but do get some rf interference on AM radios in the area and plug could be tighter fit to computer socket.
The glasses work well and I really like them. However, the clip on mechanism holds the glass above my prescription lenses, so that I have to hold my head down to read and that is uncomfortable. Also the mechanism is bulky and it intrudes on your field of vision.
I had such a hard time to put the iPad In it even scratched it I bought 3 and only one was easy to put on
Great price. Minimal look which is what I wanted. Fuzzy inside to keep my computer safe. A little roomy for my Mac Book Pro, like other reviews stated. Computer will move around in case/sleeve, so I wish the case/sleeve was a little bit shorter. Looks a little cheap and the light pink color seems it will dirty quick. But again for the price I was definitely happy with my purchase and I'm currently using it.
Disappointed in the quality of the case itself ... and the smell is horrible, has not seemed to dissipate after about a week. It came boxed very nicely, then, when I took the case out, I could see folds and wrinkles of what appears to be almost a cardboard material under the outer material. Just looks awful and cheap. I am not going through the hassle of a return because I do love the keyboard, itself and can use that separately. The keyboard is very easy to type on despite the smaller size, connects without issue and it's just what I wanted. Time will tell how well the keyboard will hold up, but, I will not likely use it constantly... perhaps a couple of times per week. It's just nice to have and I likely would have paid nearly the same for a decent Bluetooth keyboard anyway.
hopefully this item wont just stop working on me like the one that came with the computer (it lasted only 2 years, same brand)
The back of the case was not rose goof but light orange... the corners broke of pretty easily but otherwise I liked it. It now pops off of my iPad because 2 of the corners are broke. It is not very durable but I like the stand. The last photo shows what color is rose gold and what the case looks like (iphone 7plus)
my package was delayed twice and the first one being cancelled so I can't even get out a real review this is the first time I had this problem
I bought this to replace my Wii U game pad that broke and while it works it glitches or it says it's far from console
This product was okay but had to air it out for weeks to get rid of the smell
I use this with my Lenovo Yoga 730. I am a little disappointed because it is very hard to hold onto. It's heavy. It's slides through my hand and the placement of the buttons has me constantly pushing them while writing and trying to hold onto the pen. I tried to put a grip on the pen but that holds the buttons down, so that's not an option. I also don't like that it doesn't flow across the screen with ease when writing. I wish they could've put some more thought into the tip material they decided on so it would be more like writing on paper and not sticky. I just don't think it was quite time to release it.
Lasted about 6 months
Would give this stars if it would click into place and not pull out at the slightest movement.
Couldn't get this keyboard to sync and work. ETA: finally got it figured out, and it's working okay now.
Working backpack but a little too small for my liking. Doesn't fit my 15 inch laptop as advertised on the page however my 13 inch smaller laptop fits fine. The bottle compartments are a little small too.
Bought 2 for a Lenovo Yoga Pro 3. One lasted for 2 years before it started causing magenta colored lines on the monitor. The second one didn't work at all.
Pretty slow speeds for an SSD, the Samsung one is the same price and dusts this one in speed. I do love the convenience of the built in cable on this one though. ultimately why I got it.
But it's too big for an air 2. I have to slide it around for it to be held up. I've even gone as far as using binder clippings to hold it in place. I can't even push the volume or power button without having to adjust it
Still have signal issues even with this in place and 10 ft from it. Maybe our main router, but still.
You get what you pay for
Arrived late but quality was ok
Windows sees the drive just fine, but clonezilla and AOMEI doesn't see the drive. Bummer because I purchased this to be able to clone another machine to it. Tried putting the drive in a USB3.1 to PCI-e NVMe enclosure and also in a Qnine Dual m 2 NGFF SSD to PCI e adapter card. No luck. Because of this I'm only giving it 3 stars. Works fine a a storage drive. After talking with tech support we found out that the sector size is different and that is why I couldn't clone it. :(
The prongs on the wire are extremely fragile and one of them was bent out of place on mine. I have to bend it back and resolder it for it to be functional.
It works and XQD cards are fast, but it overheats, even when not doing anything.
as soon as i plugged this into my drobo 5D there was a pop and smoke can out! on inspection my drobo board has blown a chip right next to plug. i cannot say whether the issue was my drobo or the cord. if you have a circuit tester, i'd verify the output before plugging in.
Ordered the color rose, but the actual item is more on the light pink side, not sure if they shipped the wrong color or there is a color difference from the pictures. Only used it for less than a week, so far it's been holding up pretty well. When its sitting upright it's almost at a 90 degree angle, not very easy to see the screen. Another down side of it is with the case on, it's almost impossible to charge, I have to remove the case everytime I want to plug it in.
Having some overheating issues with the VGA port. The monitor will blank out because of no signal when the hub overheats. If the room is cool and a fan blows some air around to keep the hub cool, it works fine. I am running a vga monitor, LAN, keyboard, and mouse through the hub with power applied. When not running a monitor through HDMI or VGA, the hub can run with only the USB-C power and tends to not overheat.
This is basically a whiteboard without the hassle of the dry-erase markers and erasing the board. If you want to have a record of what you write you have to take a picture of it. It is kind of difficult to see the writing and I have attached a picture to show that. Overall I think it is a pretty good product. I like how it has an erase button.
Is actually 16” from tip to tip but labeled as 12”. Was hoping to find something that would have enough space to free hang a standard hand towel which is 15”. No such luck but the hand towels on these tuck nicely around the bar and reduces the number of times that it falls on the floor from what I can tell.
One of the chargers did not work. I use it for a couple of devices.
These didn't last me but barely a month and they were coming lose on one of the brackets, tightening the screw wasn't working and finally today it snapped off randomly. SO bummed because I absolutely LOVED these. They are definitely slightly tinted, not crazy yellow though - which I liked. Very cute too. The customer service was great though, they offered a full refund and I didn't need to send them back, so maybe you'll get a better pair than I did, if not, they are great to work with to resolve an issue.
The capacity is not enough
Not sturdy enough to stand, always falls. My last one was great, but this one not at all.t
Case arrived bent on the back right leg stand, pushing the metal up into the case, making the tower unable to sit straight and making seating of the power supply impossible. Went back to Amazon to get a replacement and only one color was left for an extra 30-40 dollars, through a third party, than what i originally paid. Seems like a good case and i know it could have been bent during shipping and just happened to catch when it was also low on stock but I wont be coming back to this tower in the future.
It is what I've expected yet the product does feel really cheap, has trouble handling advanced usb connections
It works as expected. The cable has trouble sometimes getting enough power to my Elgato capture card but that is just one of the risks with a cable this long. Good if just using as a data cable.
seems ok but it only has 1 position and its almost completely straight. When they packaged this the person put their trash in with it for me to throw away I guess
both leveling screws wouldn't go through holes w/ just a screwdriver. Not the easiest to raise up and down.
This backpack is very cute and stylish but didn't last me very long at all. I'd say about 3 months tops. The back black plastic measurement part and straps broke. Wish it had been more durable.
The case itself is ok to protect the MB Air from scratches but definitely not very strong in its material (soft thin plastic) to protect from crashes or drops. The screen protector is useless. After I put the plastic film on the screen, my wife complained it was very different comparing with the screen. We noticed some weird marks all over the protector and making the screen hard to look at... So I tore it off and threw it in the trash. I do not suggest to buy with the screen protector.
They are too big, especially the top of the foot. Cute but had to give them away.
Product great. Design is awesome. The only thing I did not care for was no on off switch. Have to unplug like a phone to turn off
Worked until I upgraded to a faster speed, which is why I purchased this model, so I returned it. They refunded immediately and I would've kept it had it worked for the upgrade.
The number keypad is nonexistent, and I have to have it for work, so I get to buy another keyboard.
I've been using this for only a couple weeks now and the scroll wheel is already starting to make a knocking noise. It's a comfy mouse for casual games and other things. Another thing I didn't like is that the DPI isn't very adjustable and you don't get much control over lighting on the mouse
Messaged seller and received a reply in less than 24 hrs. Free and improved Replacement promised will update when sent. 1st one lasted about 4 months. No visual damage. Seems to be a broken wire or the lighting plug is damaged.
Not really form fitting for my HP Notebook, but it works.
These speakers are working out well for my computer. I listened to music while I work, and I am very satisfied with the sound.
Good price I like the design. I also bought a rose gold and prefer that color.
Little on the small end. Wish there were dampeners to quiet it a bit more but other than those two things I love it and got it at an amazing price during black Friday.
(All stickers were included except the Tokyo Ghoul one) Good variety of stickers! I'd say I liked about half from the entire lot but that's just based on my preference. The others were still really good but didn't really appeal to me. They aren't a pain to peel off as well. If you're looking to decorate anything I'd definitely recommend!
Product works for the item listed which is nice. The charger end must be inserted at just the right angle for the shaver to receive it, wish it was a bit easier. Outside of the slightly awkward fitment, product seems solid.
Very basic cheap sleeve. it will keep scuffs to a minimum.
I'm really happy with the case. It's stylish and the color looks great. Complaints are that the pads on the bottom fell off (good thing replacements are included) and the keyboard cover doesn't lay as flat as I'd hoped.
This was for gift-giving.
Performing well so far.
great product, fast shipping. would highly recommend.
Great modem and router combination. No more need to lease a modem from the cable company, so it paid for it self in less than a year.
The wheel is nice and easy to set up, The cord from the wheel to the console is very short however. Also, if you do not have a proper desk and chair setup to mount this to that allows alot of body movement and a stable mount for the wheel the setup will feel inadequate. I feel like one of the special racing seats also sold on amazon is almost necessary to fully enjoy this product. Also the plastic screws that allow you to mount the wheel to a desk feel flimsy and breakable
I gave 5 stars for battery life, but I truly can't say yet as it's still brand new. I've only been using this for about a week, but so far so good. There have been a few times the mouse doesn't respond, but it's only for a split second and doesn't stay that way. The spinning wheel for scrolling does feel a bit cheap and I'm concerned how well this will hold up through the wear and tear of normal everyday use, but it's doing okay so far. As far as looks go, it's super cute. I was in the market for a slim mouse and when I found this one with many different colors I couldn't pass it up. Overall, I'm satisfied with the purchase and would purchase it again.
The blue tooth keyboard case was easy to pair to the iPad. It comes with a charger. The case is nice and slim its not bulky as you might think for a keyboard case. I like that there are multiple angle options for propping up the iPad. The magnetic closure is good and strong. I just wish that it would auto sleep and wake upon open and close.
I like these rubber protectors because they provide grip and the clear protector was cool because my laptop has lights and they shine through it, but the only con of this was it stretched out and it doesn't fit my laptop properly anymore
So far my son really likes this Headset!
Good grip on these cups because of the perforated outer shell design.
Does the job, but inputs on controller seem to lag slightly. Could be an issue with all adapters in general.
Very easy set up, and works very well. Only reason I'm not 5 stars is the drive seems slower than I expected. Quality and appearance is really good, but a bit faster would be nice. I use this drive every day, and I'm typically using an SSD, so my view of speed may be a bit warped. I've been using SSD for a long time so my expectations for speed on a portable drive may be somewhat unrealistic. I definitely recommend this drive.
No complaints of as of yet. Received the case in good condition. Fits iPad Pro 9.7 well. Not too heavy. Aesthetically pleasing while offering protection without adding much weight. My only gripe would be that I can't fold the cover completely behind the iPad if needed. Recommended otherwise!
Product feels like it's well built. Works for my application.
Only take away is that you have to charge the keyboard. On the new Zagg models you don't have to charge as it draws from the iPad itself. It is great for the price!
This was a gift and sent to a different address so I never actually saw the case. However the person who received said it fits fine. Sorry, that's all I can say.
Want to burn music CDs from iTunes? This drive will fail. Want to watch DVDs using VLC Player? This drive won't play them. Want to burn a bunch of files, or read a DVD full of data - this drive is great. Want to burn a data DVD or a data CD? This drive will do it just fine, at 24x speed. If you want full function, then you need to run Win 7. It's not the drive's fault, it's just the Way Win 10 plays with the drive.
I like it but you have to purchase the licence after trial to use download games.
Good power supply. A little noisy but worth the price.
Great little device. My only complaint is that it loses sync with my iPad and has to be removed and reinserted from time to time. That said, I'd buy it again because it works. Good for camera bag, etc.
Kick stand snapped off within 5 minutes. Overall thr case itself seems pretty durable though.
Like it, but I have to buy an extra cable.
It's a really nice, professional, sleek-looking backpack. It's smaller than I thought it'd be... still enough space for what I need it for but just smaller than most adult backpacks.
Using it for a raspberry pi. Although a might small for a older pair of eyes to read detail, it is quite good for IQ. It also will serve as part time monitor for a Roku in the spare room.
Nice, compact case, light weight, and has a soft interior. Good price point and product. The soft fabric inside is great because it doesn't scratch my computer casing, however, I often find microfibers stuck inside the computer screen. I wish it had a small handle. Other consumers complained about the metal logo scratching tables/counters/surfaces. I have not experienced this problem and isn't a concern for me.
The only downside is the material is very stinky, chemical toxic stinky. So strongly suggest you put it away in a good ventalation area before you start using it.
It's good, I think. I don't know if adding more memory actually made much difference in the functioning of my computer. Service from the seller was excellent.
I bought this to connect my laptop to an extra monitor, works smoothly.
Packaging was perfect, it arrived on time & in perfect condition. Wonderful experience with a company who was also the absolute lowest price.
Love Acer's...this is my 6th one... I up grade and give older tablets to others..this is middle of the road not hi end but good for Bible study.... bought two and one the touch screen is not very sensitive...really have to pay attention.
Rated 10,000 hours. 20 Mbps read and write. I tested this out and only got around 15 Mbps read and write. For the money and specs, the Samsung is a better value. Yes, you don't need fast speeds but when you are copying files for backup or uploading to YouTube, the read speed helps a lot.
Good for everyday web browsing or social media. Not so much for Games or Movies. For the price not bad considering. Thank you Philip G Scott
I bought this new in the summer of 2019, we'll see how it holds up. So far it seems to be doing juts fine. It carries my surface pro and other materials easily, could also fit a laptop if needed.
The magnet is perfect! Holds the ipad great no slipping. I bought one for mu husband.
Good quality Micro SD card. Purchased for a Nintendo Switch. Works as it should with plenty of storage space
I am giving four stars because the print is not that bright as it shown in picture but it is not that expensive either so it works.
Overall I'm happy with these. I'm a software developer, and I use them 8 to 10 hours a day. The picture is sharp, the size is perfect, and I quickly adapted to the curve. Now that I'm used to the curve, I wouldn't want to work without it. My only complaint is the enormous power brick which cover adjacent outlets on my power strip. They probably could have come up with a better design for this. I ended purchasing a second power strip just for the monitors. Otherwise they're a great buy and I would purchase them again.
Good feel, great quality overall, only 2 buttons feel cheap
It is slightly different color and texture than what I ordered. But it is good.
This is a slick little display that works just fine.
Worked fine in the XLR 100 video camera I needed to shoot video on. Decent amount of memory space.
Good .. It fits well. But feels little but mushier keys. Its good for protecting the keyboard from spills. But might decrease the typing experience.
Needs a clip to hold the phone in place.
My only issue is that the USB-C cable, from the hub, is too short. Everything else about the size and number of ports is nice and functional.
I use this headset primarily on my XBOX One S, plugged directly into the 3.5mm jack on the controller. The sound was not loud enough out of the box for gaming on my XBOX but once I plugged it into my little booster that came with a different headset many years ago I found the sound to be very loud and had to turn it down. I do not have the low sound issue on my PC. I honestly didn't think i would get anywhere near the quality output at the price I paid. As an added bonus the headset is more comfortable than another high end headset I used to own. If you are looking for a headset that will not break the bank and is actually useful, you should be pleased with this one.
These work very well. Super thin and flexible so you can easily hide the cord when you have to stretch it out across the room.
Very fast and practical. There is a problem with accentuation in Portuguese. Other then that, exactly what I expected
This case will fit the tablet but it may take you a few tries to get it to snug down. I expect the snugness of fit may have something to do with the room temperature but I could be wrong. All I know is yesterday I couldn't fit the tablet in the case and today I can. So, it looks good and should work well.
Charger works as expected! Came on time and way cheaper than buying from the Apple store
I bought this to use with a MacBook Pro. It works fine and is nice and compact. Seems a little cheaply-made, but I don't anticipate using it that much so it should be fine. No complaints!
Laptop overall was a good deal; only issue was the metal plate in the CD\DVD tray was bent which my husband didn't see until after the limited warranty period.
I was impressed with the sound quality considering their fairly low cost.
PROS: Detachable braided cable, more portable Black/red color scheme, usually fits with most setups Removable keys, can be replace with HyperX textured keys Quiet and responsive switches CONS: No wrist rest Keys are mistakenly pressed sometimes, would recommend a Cherry MX Brown option to the manufacturer Hard to type on
iPad is dented in the top left corner and a hairline crack exists because of it. Good price, software works just fine.
Well organized inside but is almost too light. It scoots around while trying to install things.
I found some old floppy disks with photos on them. Everyone I called about accessing those floppies basically laughed at me! For under $15 I got what I needed with this portable floppy disk drive and now I'm laughing too! Hahaha
The color is great, Rose Gold. I am replacing one in Black that I had for about 2 years. The edge chipped when it was dropped. But considering the price and how long it did last, I am repurchasing this product and would recommend it.
While this fits my apple keyboard perfectly, I find that it's actually cumbersome to type on. My finger tips aren't large, but they feel very clumsy while typing, almost as if the protective cover has a grabby type feel to it. That being said, it has performed it's job admirably, as I am clumsy around the computer and often spill, splash liquids of all sorts on the keyboard. Underneath, the apple keyboard is white as snow.
2 out of the 3 cables stopped working after a day of use. Initially I got the "accessory not supported" alert but after that I did not even see that message. I am returning the item immediately. Update : Seller contacted me and offered to ship me a new set free of cost. Impressed by customer service and will wait to see how the replacement parts perform
Gets the job done. No issues after a month of daily use.
It's hard to know how many stars to give this product because 1) on the one hand, it stopped working less than a month after I received it, but 2) the company honored its warranty and sent me a brand new one with no trouble at all. I just received the new one, and I really hope it has a much longer working life span than the first one I received last month!
Very nice but the only problem is that the cut around the stickers is white, is not cut with the shape of each sticker. With the picture you can understand better.
Well built. Worked as promised.
Not enough disply ports
Orange plastic is hard plastic not soft. Might be quicker to break.
Great looks,build, and lighting! Things that could make it better are wrist rest/volume scroll wheel otherwise it is the perfect look for my setup.
Looks like in the picture. It protects my laptop very well. Keep in mind that you won't be able to use the tablet mode. It's a great product, however, you can't increase the degree between keyboard and screen more than 45-50 degrees or the laptop will tilt back a little due to the weight.
Needed basic ram for a older MacBook Pro which I picked up on eBay ... this stick slipped in with no issues with either compatibility or performance ...
I purchased 8gb of RAM to upgrade my 2012 MacBook Pro. It definitely helped. RAM in general is way over priced now days but if your computer is compatible with these I would suggest purchasing some RAM. Overall a good purchase and I haven't had any issues so far. It's been about a month or more since my purchase.
This is all as expected
My son really likes this mouse only complaint is the buttons sticking occasionally.
Nice case with magnetic closure along with nice fit.
I like the customization of all the buttons. Drawing pressure makes a difference, nice fluidity. Froze a couple of times when I drew close to the edge of the drawing area, had to unplug and plug back in.
Seems just right except that the tripod is a bit large; takes up some desktop real estate. But it's a heavy, well made item so it needs the stability. Give it a five anyway.
Honestly, a pretty good headset. I was skeptical cause I wanted a comfortable high quality headset and they seemed bulky. They are kinda large but still lightweight and sturdy. I barely notice there on. Until someone tries to talk to me through all that noise cancellation. The mic does have a USB and audio connection piece which is kinda extra for me on PS4 I also like it fits good on my head with a lot or little hair.
Works as intended but I had something similar before that turned off my iPad when you closed it. This one does not do that so my iPad is often dead when I go to use it because I forget to shut it off. Really missing that feature and will probably go back to the other product because of it.
I ordered two of these cases, one for 9.7 iPad and one for 8.0 Samsung S2 . They fit & unfold perfectly. They come with a stylus pen which is mediocre at best. I would order these again
Will not work on all phones.
Of course, love all the stuff this came with! Doing everything is easier and faster than my old Wacom Bamboo Create. Put simply, the only thing I don't like is the calibration. I can never seem to get it on point. No matter how many times I try to calibrate according to my best assumed optimal angles, the pen to the screen will always be off somewhere. The top side is perfectly on the pen, cool. The bottom side is responding a centimeter away from the pen, oh no. I recalibrate and now it's vise versa. I got it to something sort of manageable but still kinda bugs. Oh well, the pros still heavily outweigh the cons.
Good battery, little bit bigger, but it's shape give more air to the cooler.
A good copy of the same case I had before, which lasted for a long time and worked great. This one appears to be of a similar make and fits well. Too soon to say if it'll last as long or not.
I bought it to have the camera hole in the right place so I don't have to remove the tablet from its cover. I also liked the flap that held the tablet in place.
Does what I need it to do Only wish it charged while in the pouch.
I like that it's a 2TB but it's not compatible with my ps3
I love the keyboard because it actually works and I use it day to day. The only complaint I have is not being able to put it into a case when I'm done. I use the box it came with instead but it looks tacky. I haven't had an issue with the keyboard other wise.
So far so good. Looks really cool. Slick design. Love bitcoin! Flat and thin
Wish the enter key was in another spot but other than that love it
So installation is simple enough, a few youtube videos and the right tools and it's pretty easy. I did the replacement myself. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars from me is that resolution is a bit limited compare to the original screen, max for this screen is 1366 X 768 so if your eyes are used to something higher it will feel weird, it's functional nonetheless and it just takes time to get used to it.
Not high end equipment but works well for my intended use.
The background isn't as muted as I would like and I wish the mic were able to position closer to my mouth to control the voice level better. Otherwise, it's a good headset. The cushions are the best part!!! My head is average size (or at least I think so) and I didn't need to extend the ear pieces at all. The materials are REALLY robust so the risk of it breaking like the one this replaced are very slim. If you want a headset to last, this is the one. The cord is very sturdy as well with attention to detail on the connections to the plugs as well as the sound control knob. I am impressed so far and I use a headset daily for work.
It's a great bag, really protects my laptop and tablet. The only thing I don't like is that it's a bit small and it can't expand like most laptop bags. But very good quality.it does it's job
Briefly said; this is a great computer fan, but the structure is too tall for my taste. This made having one hand up on the keyboard and the other one much lower on the mouse, a very uncomfortable and weird position.
Fun and useful tool for the family. I like this brand better because it writes with less pressure needed to produce a line.
Was purchased for gift
This is a very good backpack... the only reason why i knocked down a star is because it was a little smaller than what i read and hoped for. size goes well with females and kids.
these are great adapters,i'm glad and happy with the purchase
This was super easy to install and to get lined up. Even if you did it wrong and had to lift it, it's still possible to get just right. The 4 stars is due to the color. Working in a graphics shop, we never guarantee perfect color match. That does apply here, it was a minute step darker (I mean very minute, most wouldn't notice). Other than that, flawless.
The product is heavy enough to hold a blue yeti. It arrived missing a part, but when I told the sellers they immediately offered assistance. Overall works great for my set-up.
Good product, but no HDMI though
A nice quality of stickers, but buyer should be aware that 50 out of the 150 I bought were illicit in some way - no nudity, but women in promiscuous poses, naked but breasts and privates covered, drug and smoking references, and middle fingers. This just means that I can't hand them out at school, or put it on my laptop, but if that's what you want then these are good for you. However, a lot of them are pretty cute, like the corgi stickers and the astronaut riding the unicorn.
Great product at good price
Excellent. Worked perfectly.
I was looking for a cheap headset to use for now since my other headset broke. I went through numerous headsets on Amazon reading all the reviews, this one caught my eye. What I love about this headset is that it's super comfy and looks great too! Also, the mic is AMAZING. It sounds better than my old Logitech and Corsair headset! However, I did have a hard time connecting the mic, kept saying not supported. Also, the wire for the headphone jack seems a bit broken. You have to move it a certain way for it to actually play in both ears which can get a little annoying but I'm sure I just got unlucky with what they sent me. I also wish the mute button was in a more convienent spot than on top of the ear piece. The USB is only for the lights. I really don't see the point in this. I wish this was mentioned before I spent 15 minutes figuring out why the USB wasn't working. Other than that, it's good for its price! The USB only being for lights should be mentioned somewhere. I bought this headset because it was USB.
This is a great case for a 17.3 inch laptop which is my favorite size. However, the bag is not that padded. It would not protect the laptop well if it were accidentally dropped. I had one before that was well-padded, but had to get a new one. Overall, it is good, but I think it should have more padding to protect the laptop.
The picture shows that there are 2 HDMI and 1 VGA ports. There's only 1 VGA & 1 DVI port. It DOES say that in the description, but, as the old saying goes, a picture is worth a thousand words!!
I love the design. It is beautiful. But the cut doesn't really fit in and requires quiet a while to install. The bottom 4 corner patches leave black stains on other stuff, so just be aware.
Product works great. NFC function works great. The build quality could be a little better but all in all I am satisfied
You get what you pay for. This is a very basic case for simple builds. I wouldn't recommend it for a serious gaming rig but for basic productivity it works well.
Lots of frustration at first but then I smacked it with my hand and it started working (not joking). It got recognized and windows automatically found and installed a driver. Sound is good and 5.1. I'm using optical cable from it to my soundbar set up. Running Windows 7. Working flawlessly so far.
Good product, most useful that I've found, but a little flaky with monitor recognition.
The tip breaks down after a while so that kind of sucked other than that it was pretty good
Used a 128gb model of this in my phone for the past year, bought a 64gb to go in my phone and moved the 128gb to my Nintendo Switch. Fantastic read/write speeds for the price. Switch games load quickly and no wait times when taking RAW pictures and recording 4k on my phone. My only gripe is the USB reader. It's very small, durable, good build quality, and great read/write speeds. However, getting the microSD out of the reader is a bit of a pain. Once fully inserted barely any of the microSD sticks out so it's a bit difficult to remove. Other than that, caught the 64gb microSD and reader on sale for $29 so it's a great deal.
Lots of color options, the software is slowly improving so the product works better now than when initially released. Lots of freaking wires involved though. The color novelty wears off rather fast. The fact that it requires multiple connectors that cost an additional amount on top of the rgb products themselves if you want to use multiple products from their rgb line makes it rather expensive just for some fancy lights.
Feels sturdier than previous models. Good light duty scanner. Use it a few times a day.
I bought this tablet a while back and I absolutely love it. My only issue is that when I'm drawing it just stops working and won't start again until I restart the computer. Anyone have any idea how to fix it?
This is the 2nd one I've purchased and considering the first one lasted 3 years I would say it's decent quality! The closing strap gets a little worn but that's to be expected.
I used this for my mobile cb as a base power supply works perfect no air noise typical of cheaper supply's
Any dust will make installation difficult! I found that my problem was dust I never noticed under the glass protector. You can put the paperlike on top of the glass protector. Take the advice of a YouTuber too. Use scotch tape and not the bitty positioning stickers they send. My installation isn't perfect, but it is much nicer to draw on the Ipad even with dust bubbles. The negatives do not cancel out the positive, but I had to mention them.
First one broke they sent me another very quickly I use it all the time
Very good product and well priced. Looks good and gets the job done.
Earphones could be a little bigger (since I have big ears, and one size doesn't fit all). Battery life is good but not great. Installation is a little confusing, if you're not a techie. But I got it done, and I love the sound quality.
I ordered two only one has arrived so far
Great deal for the price
Cute! My only issue with it is that they come off pretty easily.
Noisy, but gets the job done. Not used often, so not a big deal.
This is the best wireless router I've owned. The 2.4 GHz frequency reaches my entire yard with good coverage. The 5 GHz delivers flawless wireless to my televisions and other devices. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the software interface needs improvement but even with that issue I wouldn't hesitate to buy the router again. I've used this router a year before writing the review and I'm still happy with the device and feel that it's a solid performer.
The kit was good, except for the HDMI cable did not work. I had ordered a second cable from another source so I was able to test. The case, power supply and SD card worked fine.
Battery life is decent, keys are nice. Occasionally notice key presses not registering when wireless, this is resolved by plugging in keyboard.
This mouse is designed for use without a wrist pad. When adding the use of a wrist pad, it makes it somewhat difficult to maneuver. Other than that, the mouse works well.
I bought this to use as an AI-Mesh access point and while it does work well 98% of the time, there are definitely still hiccups in the system. (The device will go offline once in a while, directing all network traffic to my main router or just cutting it off entirely)I am hopeful that eventually everything will be ironed-out, as ASUS regularly pushes out firmware updates for all of these devices.
Originally reviewed this battery as dead after two months. Unfortunately I left the review on the wrong item. This battery has been working fine. 😅
It works great, however it's not clearly audible like a speaker would be. I should have read the description more carefully.
I really like this mouse, best series of mice you can get. I recommend buying a naga
If you plan on doing any form of 1080p gaming this card has got you covered. However, I recommend taking a look at what AMD has to offer. They have some excellent cards at a very similar price. In fact, the only reason I went with this card was because I needed a need card ASAP when my old one died. This happened to be at the time that crypto-currency was booming. Meaning AMD cards were hard to find at the correct price. Otherwise, I am pleased with this card and hope it lasts me several years at least.
Matte finish really helps cut down on the reflections/glares. I like to take my laptop outside to work on nice days. This screen protector makes it much easier to do so without as much reflection of myself and my surroundings. I only gave it 4 stars because it is EXACTLY the size of the screen which makes it difficult to get it perfectly lined up.
The case is very well made and feels luxurious. The only reason it doesn't get 5 starts is because the bottom of the case partially blocks the head phone jack.
I've had this hard drive for almost two years now. never had a problem with it until this moment as I type this comment. I use it to house all my clients' videos, docs, photos and other misc items for my business. Mind you I keep the drive secure in my back pack at all times. The hard drive fell for the first time, off my work table no more than two feet onto laminate wood...And now it doesn't work. I'm scrambling to jimmy the hdmi cord to grab whatever i can from the drive. If you get this drive, wrap it up, bag it up, put an otterbox on it.. one fall could break it. the build quality could be more secure. was 5 stars-down to 2.
Good headset, does the job as far as giving you privacy. Wish the sound quality was better though.
I have purchased 2 of these chargers for 2 separate mac books. They work good only problem is the cord is not well made, unlike the original charger. The first one I bought is now breaking after 2 years, probably wear and tear where I bend it at the end it plugs into the mac book. over all not a bad charger for the price.
Its not a neoprene case, its some kind of soft foam(i didn't realize because i searched and it came up under neoprene laptop sleeve).. this sleeve really only protects from scratches, so if you drop it in this case 0 protection from damage( given neoprene isn't much better) I kept it because i have a nice bag, and all i needed it for was to protect from scratches(i put drives and my cooler master aluminum laptop cooler in the same pocket)
Love these cases each of my kids have this line . Their ipads are like new still.
I bought this Raspberry Pi kit in order to add Octoprint to my 3D printer. Came with everything I needed to include a power cable, heatsinks, and of course the Raspberry Pi 3. The only thing that would have made this kit better would be if the power cable was switched. At the time, I didn't think that it was that big of a deal, but wished I would have gotten a power cable with a switch on it. Overall, I'm happy with this kit. I would recommend to others.
Great small versatile keyboard. Cannot give it a 5 because sometimes the connection between keyboard and receiver breaks and I have to turn it back on and off. But it is good for the price.
Quiet, efficient and reliable. I have had the drive for a few months now and have had no problems with it. Plug ans Play on my Windows 7 desktop.
Delivery was horrible. Nephew rated 4/5 for product
Great product fits well and seems solid
Really wanted this to work, but it didn't work on my Pixel 3, even plugged in, my phone was still listening, which really speaks to the nature of the phone rather than this device. It does, however, work on my MS Surface Pro 3.
For someone whom has a growing library and with games this generation seemingly ever requiring more space this deal was a no brainier. I have had zero issues with performance and it was an easy plug in and go game install. I am happy with the product and recommend it for people whom enjoy gaming. I will definitely update if I run into any issues.
Works so far but gets warmer than the original one. I worry about the replacement but so far charging fine.
Worked as advertised. Some of the pins can become misaligned in the connector, as the Molex spec is pretty sloppy. Nothing a minute and a pair of needle-nose or a Swiss Army knife can't fix.
Not at all as pictured - it's definitely purple vs the navy blue as shown. It does the trick though and looks nice.
For it refurbished- Works well, a small pain was the keys seems to be coated with something that wares off - but else solid
This bag works as advertised. I bought this bag to carry my 17" laptop and it fits nicely, also holds a smaller laptop and a couple of notebooks in the main storage compartment. It has plenty of large storage area for cords and other things as well. The zippers are sturdy and the handle and straps are well made. I feel like this bag will last a while! My only negative critiques are that the small pockets are not as useful as I had hoped. They hold pens amd small items, but there is no good place to organize smaller items, they just kinda wind up jumbled in the pocket. The front pocket does have a mesh zipper pocket and small dividers, but I have not found them to be particularly useful at actually holding things. The other thing I find sub-optimal is that the two larger pockets bulge at the bottom where items collect and they make the bag uneven; the bag won't sit up on its own, which is most likely due to the fact that the bag can be opened flat for airport security purposes. Overall, this is a good bag that does what is advertised, and I would definitely purchase it again.
Great SSD, I've had faster but for the price this is a great buy. It gets a little warm so make sure you have ample airflow around this drive.
Very powerful cooler. The only thing it makes some minor vibration, so my tiny monitor of my laptop shakes sometimes, so I guess it's better to use with heavier models of laptops.
Trying to adjust to the APP. The app is not all that intuitive and has a tendency to crash. I do like it can run without the internet and the clumsy app as a backup. The hardware is a bit flimsy but it is less costly than the more popular Rachio 2nd or 3rd generation. I like that it is eligible for the local water Company rebate. This will pay for itself many times over in a few years of use.
Great fan, moves a lot of air compared to some other brands we tried. We use it mostly to move air from our living area down the hall to the bedrooms. The multiple speed feature is nice. Would have given it five stars if the brackets allowed for it to sit flush against a wall, it kind of juts out and looks a little odd in a doorway corner
worked as described.
Very appealing item.
Good little fans for helping cool amp. They are connected to each other if that's a problem for u. I run them on medium and they seem ro do a great job cooling my amp and I jam pretty loud producing a lot of heat. I think they're better for small spaces, I'm not sure they cool a equipment cabinet.
You'll need a screen protector. This item is cute but I can use the feature of propping my iPad up.
Very small, but large capacity drive. Very smooth.
If you're logging in for the first time, the password can be found (in tiny characters) on the bottom of the device. Netgear should let their customers where it's located on the instructions and not make us have to work so much.
These were darling! Unfortunately they didn't last. I broke all 3 on my cell within the first two weeks. I'm 50 and my grandkids never touched my phone. I didn't think I was that rough. I guess they would be fine if you never put your cell in your pockets or purse.
I've owned a few combo keyboard + trackpad before. This one is good, but has 1 flaw. The trackpad is not very fluent. It sometimes does not detect my touch. If I was using this as my everyday setup, I would look at something else instead.
Very satisfied with the look and feel of these controllers. The PlayStation controller has tall buttons and the Sega d pad isn't great but overall it's a good buy.
I'm used to having about 17 million extra usb-micro cables cluttering up the place for my android phones/tablets/literally-everything-else (camera? Alexa? wifi-router? etc. lol) so far, bought 3 for wife and mother in law, good quality (I have bought many an f-color usb-micro cable in the past and love those as well) - and they love the gorgeous color and the metal trim. their only complaint "IT'S TOO LONG" lololol, yeah, ok, you're welcome.
Arrived very quickly, and works well with our 2009 MacBook. The cord is significantly shorter than the factory one it came with, though.
Works as intended - in my case - using it strictly as a archive device - thus it's not plugged in all the time - I plug it up - do my archiving & then disco it ... no issues ...
I was successfully installed the USB wireless LAN utility following the user guide, the instructions are clear. But I lost the wireless connection after one run of the speed test. The utility tries to discover my router. I finally deleted the program clean and just insert the adapter and installed with my wireless pass code. The speed of this adapter matched my cable. I tested on my old laptop with USB2 and the speed is better but not as good as cable. I am happy with this purchase.
It wasn't very sturdy and it broke the fist week
It's low priced but not very Durable.
Quiet and does what it says. Good buy
Has done the job I needed it to, and 5 seems to be the right number for my household of mixed connector types. The clasp is super helpful as it fits around the cable, so my son can get to the Micro plug without losing my adapter.
Great product for the money
Works nice to browse web via FireFox on Amazon Fire TV box. Keypad is actually decent and responsive. The lighting is nice and battery life is really good.
I got the 8 inch case for the Fire HD 8. It fits but is very snug. This is a no frills sleeve without any pockets or room to safely store cables or accessories. Also there's no handle or hand loop/grip to hold it more easily. One plus is that the position of the charging port on the Fire HD 8 allows it to charge while completely inside the pouch (with the zipper mostly closed expect for the last inch or so). I have not noticed any scratching from the zippers or color staining on the device.
Beautiful fans. Bright LEDs. Moves air well.One of the fans is nearly the silent, while the second fan has a slight rattle that I can hear when close.
This seems like a great bag! I haven't given it too much mileage yet, but I love how it is payed out and organized. The pockets are large but stay slim. You can tel the material is a little on the cheaper side, but it looks really nice.
Work as intended but the way i had to rig it to stay on the screen left it less desirable. Had to fix the stick pieces inside the frame for it to hold somewhat flush against the screen
Got this to replace the livescribe 3, which is great but just too big in the hand. This been is MUCH closer to a real pen feel, though still a bit bigger. Works just as well as the livescribe 3 did and feels more comfortable.
This backpack is smaller than others but has good interior and exterior pockets. Used by my 15 yr old grandson for high school
Can charge from one USB c charger that is shared with phones. Seems to be solid. Good when travelling. Out of the Chromebooks available this is a good device.
i have a macbook pro 13 inch (2017). The case fits pretty well and looks good too. The only thing i did not like was how the keyboard case does not cover the top keys.
Had to have my IT person set it up.
My old Dell mouse had started double-clicking instead of single clicking, which was extremely frustrating. I bought another corded mouse that was defective out of the box, then decided to try this one. I like it. It's nothing fancy, just a three-button mouse, but it does that well. It's a nice size, and has an ambidextrous design. My one small quibble is that the shiny surface shows fingerprints and is getting scuffed. Overall, it was a good purchase, and I'd buy it again.
I'm writing this with the Cooper touchpad. It took a little while to setup but I finally got it to connect by entering 0000 on both the keyboard and in windows 10 prompt. It is nice to have the built in mouse. The case is quite nice and looks like it will hold up for a long time.
It took some getting used to, but is a good choice.
I just moved to the desert, and I bought these to wear outside when I'm doing yard work. I love that they charge with a micro USB, same as my phone, and they stay pretty comfortable as I'm moving up and down and around in my yard. I do feel a little dorky with them on though.
I have pc for work and personal, share the monitor and keyboard just by pressing one button is greate
Good screen for the money - looks good. Just hate that it uses most of the GPIO pins which keep them from being used for other things. Otherwise pretty nice.
I've had the mouse for about a month and it works very well. My only gripe is that the fire button is three clicks, rather than two.
Good product, however, Playstore still not supported.
The cable worked as needed.
It was a little difficult to attach to the computer but overall great quality
a well built keyboard that can handle the intensity of a good game back lighting can be a little difficult on the angle you're viewing from
I like how this battery is charging complete within very short time period. It discharged, however, after 2-3 hours of working. I am not sure whether this is a problem of battery or my laptop.
This keyboard works as I expected. I use it with my 2017 iPad. The only issue I have with it is that if I'm typing really fast, it is pretty loud.
Easy to stick on and re-adjust without leaving any marks. I chose a skin over a protective case since the former does not add any weight to may laptop and the whole thing fits into a sleeve easily without excessive bulkiness. Decided to give my macbook pro a skin to prevent scratches and a sleeve for daily commuting.
Great laptop backpack. Holds a lot of stuff without being bulky and is fairly light. I use it for business and I think it looks attractive but not over the top. The only thing I can say is that the zipper went off track last night. I was able to get it working again but hopefully this is not a problem over time. I have only had it for a few weeks so time will tell. I will update if the zipper breaks.
Broke lcd while trying to remove broken screen
Easy to set up and love the standby feature s all I need to do is turn on my Bluetooth speaker When using standby needs to be charge often.
I like how quiet the clicking is. My only complaint is no matter what my settings are in the computer the mouse likes to wonder off. Don't have that issue with other mice. Love the design it's cute and fits your hand nicely.
The machine is wonderful. It is fast, boots instantly and there is plenty of memory and hard disk space. I use it for engineering work (CAD and structural calculations) and it is replacing a previous two monitor HP rig. I work with two programs simultaneously and the monitor is fantastic at that. My only complaint is the input devices HP includes with it. The mouse is awful for CAD. The no-button design is a nightmare for dragging and dropping with CAD applications. It had to be replaced with a wired HP mouse. The keyboard is nice and small, but after a few weeks it started to repeat keys. I contacted, and spent a considerable time with, HP support on this issue. After the support session it improved; but after several days the key repetitions came back. So I finally replaced the keyboard with a Logitech mechanical keyboard and I am happy with it. So now the machine is a dream! I am an old school computer user and enjoy the tactile feedback of the mechanical keyboard. The fan is certainly a bit noisy; but it only turns on from time to time, so it is not a concern to me. The sound is truly better than other all in ones; but, if like me you take music seriously, get a set of external loudspeakers.
As described, well built and designed. Fits perfectly.
Lays flat on keyboard. Just going to take me a little time to get used to.
Been using this mouse for a couple of weeks now. Haven't replaced the battery yet:-) It's comfortable, though a bit on the small side for my hand. I didn't think to check that out before I ordered. I wish there had been specific instructions on how to configure the buttons differently, or if that was even an option. Overall, I'm quite satisfied...and enjoying the simplicity of less-cords!
We have a very large home and there were places in the house where WiFi was just not even showing up to hook up to. Since installing this set of boosters we have 100% coverage inside and 100% coverage up to about 30 feet from the house. Very good system.
Very light for portability but stiff folding mechanism caused the plastic to break when trying to slide the legs into folding position.
the case is good but the keyboard cover is always lifted up. i still use it, though, because it prevents crumbs or dust getting in hard to reach crevices
gave as a gift 2 son. Thus far he has no complaints. Nice color.
They do peel off spontaneously, but you get a lot of them and they do not appear to leave gooey residue. It helps keep prying eyes covered. Unobtrusive. I would order again.
A little on the heavy side
super cool effect behind my computers
Really nice! I'm an ex-mac devotee. Macs just don't last long before they are obsolete, and I can't shell out $1,000 every 3 years for a new one. I find Google chrome to be a wonderful, intuitive alternative. This is not aluminium like Mac, and the back edge of the "lid" (screen) near hinge, is sharp, and needs to be sanded in some way, perhaps moto tool to smooth the rough edge. Otherwise it's a great size, not too small, not to heavy, keyboard is very light and nice to the touch (ex-typist, so I know what I say). For the price, simply amazing, very fast speed thanks to the memory in it. and that HD screen, just so excellent!! Not loaded up with software you don't want either. Love the golden color, it's a deep golden, not real pale.
The product itself is good quality. It is pretty small though, just barely bigger than a piece of paper.
I really like this case. The keyboard works well and the versatility is exactly what I was looking for. The only issue I have is that since it connects in one place in the middle, sometimes the screen wobbles a little when typing. Other than that it's fantastic.
Reasonably priced. Easy to setup. Low profile and small footprint for crowded/limited spaces. No issues so far!
Great backpack for the price. The material is water resistant and scratch proof. Not only that it also looks great. My MacBook Pro and accessories fit easily inside the main compartment. The bag also features a spot on each side of the bag that can hold a water bottle, coke, or other drink. There is also a compartment on the front of the bag that is semi hidden because the zipper is underneath the cover. Fits my misc items easily. And just when you thought that was all, it even let's you store battery pack within the bag. You can use that and plug your phone in to charge through the usb port on the side of the bag. The only thing I don't care for on the bag is the little latch thing that pulls over the main compartment. It looks nice, but it gets in the way when trying to access the main compartment. Overall, great price for such a nice backpack. Especially compared to others out there for sale.
SD card was bad, Amazon reimbursed for a new card, all ok. Now just have to learn it.
product is a little thin-but what to expect for under $5.00
Wonderful product, easy to use and worth the money.
this controller responds to xinput ok with steam but when its connected with retroarch open, it is sensed as a keyboard and not an xbox controller... I was really hoping I could use this with my bigbox setup...
Not really as durable as you would expect a kids tablet to be, its basically a big smart phone. No front camera.
I know just enough to be (dangerous). I love AV and repair and build PC'S and electronics for fun. I figured this out on my own and; BAM!...No buffering now 100+ feet. You have to get it connected then play with optimum placement. We are outside all summer and streaming TV and audio is NOW A PLEASURE!
I use this product to shield the heat from my laptop, it's looking good so far. Just that you can't keep it for very long like more than 4 hours.
Top of grips by triggers gets deformed and grips feel a little spikey
You might as well just by a cheap tablet it has no storage so you can't do anything on it
Easy to use, the only thing is that it comes with a CD for the installation and those are not always standard anymore with computers. It wasn't easy to find the link. I would say that it might be a challenge for someone who is not computer savy. For my uses it is great.
A little tricky to set-up at first, but worked wonders for extending wifi to a previously dead zone in my house.
This is a great motherboard. BUT, be careful. You have to get the right RAM, especially if you want to go up on capacity. If you only want to run 16 gigs of Ram, no problem, as long as it is DDR 4.. no problem. If you want to run 128 gigs, the chipset and motherboard get really picky. It will start to tweak until you lower it down, unless you fun only approved RAM by Intel. And good luck finding the list of approved Ram, not easy to do. Also, make sure you use the same, model, make, speed, manufacturer of Ram, or it will tweak also. But again, love the motherboard.
Works great. As advertised.
Got this for my daughter to use when we travel etc. Seems to hold up pretty good. The only thing I see that I don't care for is the screen. I think it could be better quality.
My biggest gripe with this cooler is the instructions are horrible. If you buy this make sure you have access to YouTube because that was the only way to figure out how to install this properly. Word of warning this thing is huge so if you are thinking of buying it mak sure that your case is big enough to handle it. Other than those gripes I mentioned the cooler works well and has kept my cpu in operating range temps even though I am overclocking
Good Variety of components, nothing more to say
The color is beautiful! It matched perfectly with the smart cover that I got directly from apple which was kind of shocking. I was hoping to get as close to it as possible, but it really is a perfect match. It does get dirty easily, but it's very durable, and wipe it off with a wet cloth every now and then.
Easy install and quick to format. However, the drive is very loud when it reads/writes, it does make a techy nervous but I need the space and reliability.
Doesn't seem to be any lag at all when using the Bluetooth keyboard. One complaint is the location of the delete key. If you're used to hitting backspace occasionally, you'll likely hit the delete key instead, which by default is the iPad lock key (or "sleep" key). It's annoying when you're typing something and go to hit backspace and all of a sudden your iPad screen goes black. Other than that, no complaints. The magnetic case itself is nice. I wouldn't trust it to protect the iPad from a 4 foot drop though.
This case has a nice clean look. It's slim and light which is nice, but I'm not confident that my iPad is all that safe from accidental drops. I also agree with previous reviews that this case is not secure when propped up. Any slight bump will knock it off the grooves and the case collapses. This is my biggest gripe with this product.
Good product, well packaged. Cable is very stiff and holds shape, unlike other Anker cables...
I love this case it fits perfect for my Mac Pro 15 inch, the cover is soft and the design is nice. Love that it comes with a screen protector, it does bubble up a bit
It works pretty well but is not as comfortable to use as I thought it would be.
Been using this for months, no issues. I felt like i was taking a chance after reading some of the reviews but it's been great. Expensive in my opinion but still dont regret buying at all. Would recommend to a anyone looking for a good ultrawide.
Very nice, my only suggestion is that the bottom does. It have anything to hold the computer inside. It would be better if it had straps on the bottom as well.
Fits well, no rubber smell. Offers great protection. Did not use plastic screen protector, its a little cheesy. Rubber guard sits a little higher without the protector, but easier to grip
Product works and quality seems Ok!!!
I got this one after two expensive returned pieces! It's working very well for less than a week now, I would have rate it 5 stars, except that I sometime need to unplug and plug it back again to make it work, when I first start my computer. But that doesn't happen all the time. I'll see how it works for another week or so.
this product works just as expected the only con is it does not come with the mounting screw seems to me it should not be something you need to purchase separately
I got the blue one.Very cool in the dark. Lights go fast when its charging and then slows down when its charged. Wish it was longer tho- would buy more if it was.
This shelf just puts my computer on, I think it is a good fit.
I saved many digital files with ease. No problems.
The battery on 2 of the three iPads I bought for my 3 kids is terrible. Will NOT charge!!! And then the battery life is gone in a flash once you use it.
The wifi works great. The Bluetooth not so much. Still a great item for updating the old stock wifi module I had.
It works just as it's supposed to. The only issue I have is with how few services on the web or an Android apps will actually support it. Fine for use with Google login, and with Vanguard. Despite me being a very online guy, that's about it... You cannot protect, for example, individual apps on your phone, nor lock down Gmail, etc.
I use this now for Youtube videos when trying to game. The camera works extremely well for fixed positions, it has some difficulty tracking movements (they certainly are not terribly smooth). I have not figured out the Hz rate yet, but for very fast motions, it does blur. However, this camera works really well when mounted and the color depth is very good.
The image quality printed wasn't quite as clear as the pictures on the product page. A little more dulled out I suppose is the best way to describe it. Overall though holds the tablet very secure and still looks great.
Love it other than....
This is a good idea and it works well. I wish the battery lasted longer. Also, be careful not to get your hair caught in the fan.
Looks great works great. Lots of room for cords and chargers. It seems to attract hair tho.
For was very good and was easy to install. One of the protectors was broken in the top corner when I checked package. Overall a very good product.
These work okay. I wasn't looking for anything special, just some workstation speakers.
looks stylish, not cheap!
First, I really like the texture of the case. I'm a very tactile person. Second, it's nice and sturdy. My only concern is my Surface Pro slides down as shown in the pictures. The cutouts are perfect, but it doesn't stay put. It definitely adds weight to the Surface Pro, but I like the sense of protection it offers. The magnet on the flap is nice and strong. Not overly strong, also not too weak to where it wouldn't stay closed. The suede on the inside is nice and soft.
I like this case. It stays open and I can pick it up without everything flopping over like my last one which broke my former iPad when it flipped sending everything to the floor. This one appears to be sturdy, is lightweight and fairly easy to type on except for the placement of the right hand shift key. Its nice to be able to choose a color that matches my device too!
"Z" and the "Y" key are in the wrong positions on the keyboard. Miss labeled keys. Otherwise nice product seems to work well.
Bought this for a friend and she really liked it a lot until she upgraded her iPad.
The battery quickly charged to 100% and seems to be doing as well as the Lenova battery my computer came with. And it came quickly from the shipper.
Adorable! Average mouse I bought more for the look so great for me.
Its slower than what I wanted however it is good enough for what I need at this time.
The computer is great I have had it for a few months now and I am very pleased with the results of this Pc. Overall the graphics for the games are very I am able to play most of my games on high settings. The only thing I don't like about this pc is that it has no disc drive which sucks because I am not able to install the cd's that came with my PC
Overall I like this protector, there is not really a downside. The only thing that bugs me a bit the camera cut out. the screen protector doesn't cover the camera or the sensor and that's fine but the problem is the sensor is far enough to the right of the camera it looks a little bit off center.
A basic mouse works great
I have dropped my tablet a few times and it's still like New. Well worth the money
Bought to replace a generic import case that failed after a short time. As the OEM case the quality shows. I like that it can hold my Dell pen. Minus one star because I feel like it could have a better texture. It is a bit too slick for me.
Looks great on my keyboard
Didn't need it after it was received!!
Unknown about tech support have not had to call them, device is working well.
Ordered with prime expectation. Saw option for same day delivery. Did not make same day but was delivered by noon the next day. Product was as advertised easy install no settings or tweaks worked right out of the box
It was a rough start as several drives did not seat well and would not register, but then we tried a different way to seat the drive in the housing and it worked fine.
DID NOT LIKE the grip feel; it lacks fuzziness or softness that would overcome it's slippery feeling!
Fast shipping, fits my laptop perfectly, and love the thickness! The case looks more vibrant in the picture than in person, but overall very happy with my purchase!
I am well satisfied with this product which is handy for the newer PC's which lack this function internally.
Looks durable but when i tried to assemble it i had to remove a small bulky part of plastic that won't let the joycon fit perfectly, i think it was a defect during fabrication of the one that i received.
I waited for six months before buying this expensive iPad Pro so as to checkout user reviews but I am not regretting it at all. I am waiting for public release of ipadOS and I will update this review.
Compact, robust stainless steel shell and easy to manipulate shape. Performance is as rated. Quickly transfers using USB 3.0 interfaces. I use it as a boot drive for pfSense. Unfortunately, the flash drive runs very warm, hot actually. Uncomfortable to hold! This gives concern to its reliability in the long term. Be sure to have adequate ventilation. If used as an internal USB boot drive, it's recommended to have it in some form of air flow pathway within the chassis.
Nice, made of some type of memory foam. i thought it would be better quality, but it still does its job and fits my 13 inch laptop nicely.
Great case, the grainy feel of the old joycons get lost so feels a bit sweaty sometimes
After struggling with Dell computers for the past couple years, this Asus is a welcome relief. It works great, the performance is good, it's nice and quiet when it runs. Overall a very good machine. My only complaint is the speakers are not that good. Even at 100% they are sometimes not loud enough. The machine comes with an external speaker which is very helpful when at home, but when out and about it's hard to hear a lot of the time.
iPad fit perfectly and the hard case is nice and seems sturdy. I really like the unique swivel option and light-up keyboard. However the swivel cracked and broke after just 15 months, with little use. I reached out to customer service and I am happy to say that the company is sending me a new one. I will update again, if necessary.
I upgraded from a 8350 black and wow. Like seriously faster than that hot garbage was. I've always liked AMD for the value proposition and I feel this absolutely continues that.
Came a little dented, but nothing I couldn't fix with some pliers. Pretty good quality for how cheap it is.
Like the look and how it fits. Thought I would be able to prop up the iPad with the cover. Doesn't hold so I am disappointed in that
I have the computer now for a while and it has functioned well.
Great to use, it serves the purpose. But hard to keep without air bubbles
wouldnt connect to my computer at first but after a few hours got it to work and its great
Love to mobility of it, battery life lasts most of the day and is a good media/basic productivity device. Can't handle 60fps videos :(
I bought the pink version of this case, which folded very easily and worked perfectly (when folding the cover into a triangle so that I could make my iPad stand up when I wanted to watch movies on it). The blue case, however, is a lot stiffer when you try to fold the cover, and the magnetic feels a bit more weak. I am unsure if I got a slightly defective one or whether the blue case is just a lower quality case (which would be odd). For the pink case, the magnetic works very well - allowing the cover to easily attach to the body of the iPad. The clear body of the case allows the Apple logo to peer through and complements the rose gold of my iPad. I would give this a 5/5 if I had not received the blue case. It appears as though there needs to be better quality control.
So far so good. The product arrived as scheduled and fits my computer. In fairness, I've only had the cord a short while so I can't speak to durability, and since I've not had any issues with it yet, I can't speak to returns/ customer service issues either. Those are the main issues preventing me from giving the product higher scores.
I use the fan to start my charcoal grill and it works great. It push a lot of air and last pretty long..
I like this mouse. Good on battery and durable. The only thing I don't like about it is that if you're typing for an extended amount of time and put your hand back on it to move it, the mouse seems to have one time slight lag after a long enough idling. I'm assuming it's a built in feature to save power but it's slightly annoying the few times it does this during a work day. Other than that, it's pretty good and haven't changed the battery since I got it around 3 months ago.
The learning curve is steep but with the right gear it worked as said it would.
I originally got the official raspberry pi case and noticed the system overheating immediately under very small load. This case with it's heat sinks and fans seem to be a perfect fix, the temp is now only in the fifties for both the cpu and gpu.
I love it but as easy as the disk fell off I wish that it would have come with 1 or 2 replacements.
I like the case. It's simple and fits perfectly. However it doesn't hold the viewing angle very good. It would be better if it was made with a non slip surface on the back so it would hold the viewing angle with out sliding.
While they're not as soft as the originals they work just fine. There are no issues as far as I can tell and they fit in the S Pen perfectly. So far there are no scratches or anything on my screen from these tips. I feel fine using them, but I have to get use to the feel.
For some reason my house is a dead zone for my cell phone. It got really frustrating and I heard about this product and figured I'd give it a try. The price was good and shipping was really fast. I plugged it into my router and my phone def has a noticeable difference in connection.
2 screens are bit different color. The screens are same
Picture quality at bootup, show horizontal line across screen
The plastic material is not of the best quality but for the price it's doable. It comes with a screen protector, which works well.
This mouse is as advertised. Good comfortable grip. Scrolls easily. Can't beat the price.
A little too small for my tablet
Beautiful design and good quality. I use it all the time. It is easy to lift the glass cover and refill. I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because it does not hold as much water as my other diffusers. Otherwise I really like it.
Fit, looks, cost, protection, all great.
Good. Does the job for a good price
Overall, I'm happy, but the lower faceplate worked itself loose. The speakers are minimally acceptable but I don't use them. 32" is a huge upgrade over 27". I would buy these again.
The charger works, but does overheat quickly and sparks when plugged into an outlet. But it's functional and portable - for the price, it's fine :)
Overall this is a great value. I would have liked an additional USB 3 port, but I can use one of the 4 ports on my macbook pro to supplement the single port on the dock. It runs a bit warm, but considering it's charging the Macbook, driving two 24 inch monitors and all the ports, I would say it's operating within an expected range. I am very happy with this dock. There was no setup needed, just plugged it in and off to the races.
Works great. I bought another similar unit that appeared not need an additional power source, but it didn't work. 4 stars only because of the need for the additional power source, which adds more wires to my already crowded workstation. Other than that, works just fine connecting my 2017 Macbook Pro to a monitor. (through a usb-c hub with HDMI output)
nice key board but my friend ordered the same thing and got japanese lettering instead of english
The stylus worked great for a few days. However, now when I try to use it, it does not work. I've only had it for about a week now, and I've only used it about 3 times during school. The buttons on the stylus also do not work. I do see that sometimes the stylus will work for a few seconds while I have my palm rested on the iPad but it stops working once I take my palm off. This only lasts for a few seconds even while keeping my palm on the screen. It also will not connect to my iPad anymore. The stylus is not recognized anymore when I try to pair it to my iPad. It was such a great product at first, so I don't see how it is not working anymore. Update: I contacted the seller regarding a refund and I was granted one with no hassle. I've had the new one for months now and it works great!
When we received this item it smelled like cigarette smoke!
Works great! Glad I found this!
Works well. Just buy the electronics tape to attach the screen.
By far the easiest cooler to install and the best looking one also. Without RGB. Keeps my CPU cool and under control.
Good tablet. Takes a lot of adjustment to get to use it.
I bought this boom box to use for it's portability. We have only used the CD player, and it has a great sound! I just have to remember to reset the volume and the CD button every time I plug it in.
Would have given a 5 star except the first one didn't last 30 days the replacement machine works great.
Update: after seeing my review they offered to replace my product or give me a refund, which is pretty cool if you ask me!! Bought this for my 5 year old as she has a tendency do drop her iPad. It's an old one but we still want to keep it working so thought this would be a good choice for the durability. You can't adjust the volume and the case puts a compression on the whole iPad that over a few months it started to not work right. We thought it was because she dropped it a few too many times. We put it back in her old case and have had no problems.
This is a well made, light weight product. Easily fits my 15 inch lap top computer and work folders.
Works in a pinch, but it is very sensitive to movement so makes it difficult to work in a tight spot.
Great just wish cord was longer
Good looking and nice case a bit Snug for the Surface GO which "10 inch but like to porduct
The headset works great. No issues. It is a little tight, but it's new. It may just take time.
LAPTOP FITS PERFECT. I LOVE THE SMALL COMPARTMENT WHERE I AM ABLE TO STORE MY LAPTOP CHARGER. GREAT PRODUCT!
My laptop did not have WiFi now it does, great
Okay, it needs an extra cap to make it work
The case is overall good. The cover is a bit heavy for the magnet that holds it to the iPad when closed.
Works like all charm. I like that I can plug both of my external hard-drives in to it and take up only one port.
Very easy to use and works in 5 mns
This little router works perfect for hotel internet, keeps others from your stuff. Easy to setup, great if you need avoid the login screen for Chromecast or Apple Tv.
It is very spacious. I bought it for my husband and he loves it. I didn't give five stars because I have not yet experienced its durability.
The case is too soft, it looked kind of firm in the picture but it's not. It offers good protection but if for some reason one of the corners is squashed with something heavy it will get deformed. It is not something to throw anywhere in your backpack for sure
I have received the iPad and it was in very good condition but i didn't receive the charger that was my only issue in this iPad Air
The keyboard extremely easily and has a nice touch. It's so easy to connect. This is great case and keyboard combination. Typing on the keyboard is good solid feel to the keys, good spacing. It looks cool and easy to use. It also has a holder for an Apple pen. Protection and convenience in one package. don't have to worry about losing it!
This is a nice mouse. I bought this mouse to replace my current wireless mouse that I am using with the computer. It works fine and synced up with the computer fine, my only complaint is I wish is was a little smaller (not thinner) but better sized to your hand. That is the main reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
It is exactly what shows. Great product!
The cover feels quite nice, not too heavy my only minor issue is that the colour is not as shown on the pics (at least for me who ordered the black one) it's more a greyish colour then black.
Works well and is cheap price.ONly complaint is that the writing for the micro slot is upside down compared to the orientation of the card. Tripped me up to begin with. Other than that I like it. Now that i know it , not a problem.
The look and feel of the mouse and buttons is very good. The only complaint/wish that I have is to have software to be able to program the buttons. Especially on a Mac. With the Mac, you only have the two buttons and the scroll wheel. The scroll wheel button and the forward/back buttons are non-functional. I bought this as a test for multiple purchases in my workplace, but due to the non-programmability, I won't be purchasing more. Believe me, the level of whining from most users would be ear-piercing. If Anker develops software for programming buttons, I'll be on-board in a heartbeat. I'll be using this one at home because the comfort level is a definite plus.
it protects the screen. no interference with touch function, I did not notice at least. manufacturer tried and make installation as easy as possible, still challenging for first timer to avoid bubbles. maybe second screen will stick better.
Mouse worked fine until it died after 2 months of use. The Company replaced it immediately which I appreciate. The new mouse works as promised, but I have only been using a few days. The company gets high marks for customer service!
The color options are great and I can vary between them. I wish the keyboard was quieter and not so clicky/loud.
I've purchased a similar item that had better quality. This is just ok because the part that folds into a stand isn't very sturdy.
Was a lil big but works fine
Nice thin protection slip for my MacBook keyboard. Doesn't let crumbs slip through the cracks. Very easy to lay on and stays on.
It's snug fitting for the WD passport but it works out fine.
only downfall is that is hard to keep it close with the keyboard, this has to be fixed....very useful, looks great, the keyboard works perfect.
Great keyboard, Still using it to this day. Keep in mind that it is really noisy but you can expect that with these low price mechanical keyboard, still a great keyboard.
Dust plug doesn't fit well.
Not exactly what I needed (I copied the model number from the one I was replacing) the cord wasnt long enough, but all in all, it was what it said it was.
Works great, easy to set up. But instructions and label are poor.
Loved the look of this cover, it's very pretty. I believe it will be sufficient in protecting my iPad. The only problem I have is that the buttons don't work very well. Have to push really hard and try to shift my iPad around to get them to work
Good case. Used it to build my first pc and I am pleased. Stays cool if fans are mounted properly. Wished it had a bay for an optical drive (which is doesn't), but that's on me for forgetting I need an optical drive. With my layout I had enough room for two AIO water coolers (120 mm for the cpu and 140 mm for the gpu with the Kraken G12 Bracket). Good stuff!
Does the job no frills wish it would have come in a anti static bag
Good construction and easy to use. This adapter seems to produce a macOS error when plugging it in. It claims that USB devices are drawing too much power and that USB has been disabled when it has not. The external display works like normal after a few seconds. This device does not enable a secondary screen until after you have logged in, so it may not be suitable for devices with broken screens.
I wish it was USB 3 rather then 2. But great price for 64GB
Good quality for a decent price.
So far adapter is working as expected, I had to install drivers and firmware updates to my laptop so the adapter get recognized by my laptop.
Exactly what I wanted plus more. More padded than I expected.
It will increase your signal but it doesn't increase the quality of your router or wifi card. I ended up just getting a nice ASUS router and installing better WiFi adapters in my troubled computers. Now I have full signal wherever I may roam.
Not bad matches my black and red setup very well, and it's larger than I expected it to be which isn't a bad thing.
The Frida Kahlo print is adorable, but this is very snug for a 10.5 inch iPad Pro. It will fit with a slim case on the iPad, but it takes a little effort to zip it up. As someone said, I can't fit anything else in the case. Cute, but even if you have a 9.7 in iPad, you're likely not going to fit much else in there.
Works good with my HP laptop
This USB plug works very well with the proper headset, for Dragon speak naturally.
Only thing I don't like is how heavy it is, but I'm beginning to get used to it. Also much thicker than my previous case, although I suspect that is a part of the protection.
Mouse is horrible. Sound is not good. Keyboard is awesome
love it great quality and I can see much better.Only thing I wish was better is the controls for it under the screen
overall not a bad card. this was my first graphics card and i have to say its much better then the on board graphics i was running. overclocking is simple as it should be, and i get more performance out of my computer. i went from 30 fps low settings on most games and now i can do medium/high 60 fps. so for the price im happy about this item.
A great tablet, with a few exceptions. Compared to current models, this tablet is thick and heavy. Also, the screen is dim, and too reflective. If you want to watch a movie in low light, the screen acts like a mirror and all you can see is your face. As strange as it sounds with these complaints, I like the tablet, everything else is great. You just have to get used to its shortcomings. It is fast, and provided apps make it easy to move downloaded apps to the SD card (32 GB included!). Its screen ratio is perfect for movie watching, no black bars like on my 4:3 ratio iPad Mini 4. I would buy again and recommend.
Fits my MacBook Air perfectly and it looks great.
It works great! I updated it to High Sierra and it's running smoothly so far. Battery life is good, screen looks fine, and all of the keys and ports are functional. The only thing I didn't like is the big dent on the front of the lid. It doesn't effect any of the functionality, but it was a little disappointing to open the box to see a dent on something I'd just spend $1,000 on.
Color not same as shown in pictures
the cover does what its supposed to do: protect the keyboard. but, recently, i've noticed that the "home" keys all seem to be sticking to the cover. its like the oil from my fingers seeped through the plastic. Note that i have very dry skin, but the description is what it looks like. the surface of the cover is dry, but the cover now sticks to the keys. just an odd note that i thought i'd pass on. other than this, it works just fine. Touch is not a problem typing, you can still see the key identification, and i can close the top without issue.
I needed this for a monitor. Worked fine but the power cable that came with it was wrong (-1 star), see pic. Luckily I had other standard cords that I was able to use.
Had issues with the controller disconnecting. Replaced it with the old card and so far so good! Very happy!
Looks great Keyboard works well...
Broke the first time my little one dropped it. Is kind of heavy. ** seller was kind enough to send me a replacement, thankyou so much. Would be 5 stars but the first one did break.
A very solid product, only rather costly, but because its a new kind of interface, have to accept it. Everything works well.
I received the tablet in two days. The tablet was easy to setup and use. The minor problem is on the old tablet I had I was able to blow up the screen to see the fine print on this tablet I can't, if I'm right. Overall tablet is worth buying
Nice to have when we have guests over so we dont have to keep moving our charging plugs, ordered a few extra charging usbs so friends and Family can all charge their devices
Product is good, but the rectangular magnets are not cut evenly. They are clearly different sizes.
The cables seem of fine enough design and construction, but why am I - why are WE - paying considerably extra for a completely irrelevant and superfluous Spandex-like drawstring bag? It adds considerably more to the the cost of production than a simple zip-lock bag. It's clearly intended to tinker with our perception of the quality of the product - the actual cables - while doing nothing at all to improve the quality of said cables. I don't appreciate being manipulated, do you? Had I noticed that such a bit of bubblegum was being included, I likely would have chosen another product. It only increases the cost and doesn't diminish the utility of the cables, however; I'm not likely to request a refund for this alone, but it will be remembered when another purchase of the same type is required.
was looking for a fat mouse....found it! ty
have been traveling with this and its been great to have! no problems at all after a few weeks of use.
This product is just a fraction of the cost of apple's charger and it functions perfectly well! The only thing to be wary of is the magnet's size.
Very good deal for the price---no frills to be sure---but the hardware works perfectly although the build quality is for sure commensurate with the price
So far so good. I have my computer in one room and run to TV in another. Appears well constructed.
While I did like this product, it is too small for my MacBook Air even though I ordered the correct size.
Protects tablet from its 8 year old hyper owner.
Easy to install, thin profile and protects well. Good value.
Great companies produce great products.
This does the job in every way I need it to but one. The touch pad is horrible. I expected more from you Asus! Also, packaging, both inside and out, was very damaged. No interior padding at all, just a loose box in a larger box. You've always done better than that with packaging, Amazon.
Great PC. Cute and Tiny, but a Powerhouse! My only disappointment was power supply cord has cracks in it. Trying to get a replacement but other than that it's the bomb. I'm hoping I can add a 2nd sata hard drive, but I haven't looked inside yet. It is smooth and very quiet. I would easily give it 5 stars except for the cracked power supply cord.
These make decent Surface Pen replacements. They aren't as heavy duty as the original surface pens, but they do the job.
These are pretty comfy and can easily mold to whatever shape you want. However, the keyboard rest could really use some extra stuffing, and they both need extra reinforced stitching. Both of these are already leaking out beads, although it's a pretty simple fix to patch them back up.
Bought these for on line gaming so far they work pretty good. I play a lot of steam games and this little thing does what it supposed to.
Nice charging dock, I wouldnt recommend traveling with it, mine broke :(
Work good in my camera.
I recently bought a 13" notebook and it has only 2 USB-C ports. I despise touchpads, so I wanted a mouse. Not wanting to devote a precious port to a USB mouse, I bought this and couldn't be happier. Pairing was easy and rapid; the mouse quickly reconnects when I awaken or restart the notebook. Construction seems a bit cheap, but it's not a concern. How much punishment does a mouse take? I can't speak to battery life, but given the ease of use, I'm happy to replace it when needed. (I only use the notebook a couple hours a day, so I expect good battery life.) The mouse is smaller than a standard desktop device, but that's not an issue for me. Highly recommended.
The screen protector who is definitely durable, but the air bubble that is under the screen protector Seldomly makes it difficult to type on the iPad Pro 2018 a bit more difficult than it has to be, as far as the Face ID I have had no problems.
When I first opened the box, there were a few minor problems that I had to fix before I could actually use the case. The top section came loose during delivery and the latch was set too tight to open by hand. I was able to pop the top back into place with no real problem, though I haven't tested if this will happen again during transport, and a small filing of the latch allowed the case to actually be opened by hand. Aside from the above listed problems, this case is really great, and the addition of a spot for the wrist straps is awesome. It does feel odd to have two different ways of pulling the games out depending on the slot, but that is something that I got use to quickly. A really unique case that I can't wait to travel around with.
The Steelseries qck+ is a very versatile and comfortable mousepad to use. But on the other hand it gets dirty very quickly, but the residue is not that hard to clean up but if you're lazy like me you'd rather not want to. But other than that it's one of the best mousepads out there at the moment and it is truly worth a pickup.
Using for my ipad mini 5. I draw a lot. A Lot. so the swivel grip is a life saver. the case survived a few falls and there is no plastic over the screen. perfect me because i have a matte screen protector. I dont really use the strap, dont like the idea of my ipad dangling around but i tested it out for an hour. very comfortable and sturdy
This USB hub has all the features I need in a hub. The SD card reader option are super helpful and it has extreme speed transfer thanks to USB 3.0. I did have some problems with it after a year but Sabrent kindly sent me a new one at to extra cost to me.
it is a nice case probably wont save your computer if you drop it though
Overall, this is a good option for the price. You could spend a little bit more to get something slightly thinner. It has just the smallest amount of latency, but I have tolerated worse.
It is a very, very tight fit. I AM using the teal Gears of War Xbox One S, but hopefully it either gets more loose over time.
Good mouse pad with good wrist support.
Very good and dependable so far. Only problem is, the side buttons don't work when you're holding the left click down. So if you're playing Mercy and you're healing someone, you can't fly to them while healing them if you use the side buttons for your abilities.
Works great and is user friendly other than the headphone port does not work. Received quickly in the mail.
Don't love the clear plastic cover. It came a little bit scratched and it comes off as a little cheap, however it will work fine for my 9 year old for now. The case itself seems sturdy and is protecting the iPad.
Actually i was pretty surprised with this unit (purchased an Amazon refurbished unit). It picked up my security cams and completed the project. It is too pricey (new), but the reconditioned unit was competitively priced. Easy set-up...viola!
This case is absolutely beautiful!!!! It has a nice smooth finish and I like how the apple logo is still visible through it. The only thing I did not like, was that when laying my wrist on the laptop while typing the bottom case has an uncomfortable overhang that press into my arms after a while.
Worth the money and charges MacBook similar to apple product. The best thing is that it will last long.
Good product at a great price!!🙂
It was easy to install and works very well.
Kinda' like a giant cell phone skin. Fit my Galaxy Tab S3 perfectly. Arrived on time. I suggest this product especially if you have younger kids who use your tablet.
Pros: Setup and configuration is instant on both my TV and computer. Plug dongle in, adjust track pad speed, pick your favorite back lighting and you're off. Great size vs. functionality ratio on the keyboard. Cons: Cannot be used to control other devices plugged into the TV, so this is unfortunately not an all in one remote. Track pad can be kind of.....track pad. As you would expect in 2019, you plug the dongle in and it syncs the remote up and you're off. A two button combo to speed the mouse cursor up, another few clicks to pick your favorite RGB scheme (optional) and you're done. The remote is light, but not flimsy and the keys give good audible and tactile feedback. Typing is easy and despite the light weight I didn't find myself struggling to keep the remote still while I was typing. Using the track pad is easy, but it at times it would act like, well, like a track pad. If you have extremely high expectations for any track pad you're doing it wrong. The overall biggest drawback to this remote is that I couldn't pair it with other devices plugged into the TV. If you have a smart TV that has a great processor and have a remote that is the flip phone equivalent of TV remotes, this is a great choice for under 20 clams. If you have a lower end TV and are using a streaming device (we use a Roku) this cannot be used with it, so you'll be stuck fat fingering in all your searches just the same.
I do like this mouse. It is a bit larger than my last wireless, so it fits my hand better. I cannot really review whether it lives up to its long battery life claim, but I did quickly learn that it does not work with my NiMH rechargeable batteries. As long as it doesn't eat batteries, this is not a make-or-break issue.
Perfect for my needs. Not as heavy of material as l had hoped, but fine for my needs
Love this case, top and bottom are perfect. However the little keyboard cover doesn't really match up with the letters so I don't use it.
Excelent product but now with WD SSD with lower price, I will let Samsung out of my list, because is expansive.
Love it!!! Color is beautiful and it does protect. The only bad thing I have to say about it is that it does to have a shoulder strap.
Its really good but the side starting to peel off BUT still good and its soft im happy with it.
I get lots of complements & it has stayed in great shape
Works good and easy to put on. Is kinda loose where it can come off if gripped wrong.
It's a great stand for the price, however the instructions at times are very unclear if you're new at using a stand like this. Last bit of advice for anyone buying one, make sure you have someone helping you install your monitors and set the arms to the center, otherwise the off balance will tilt the base stand and it can become a mess. You really want to have someone helping you set this up if possible, it can be done alone, but it's a little bit of a hassle.
great price for what's inside the machine. nice glass cover looks slick and good. might come back for the extra star if everything's good.
repositioned resulted in crack at side but over bezel no need to replace
Good looking and functional. My only complaint is that the keyboard has to be re-paired if it isn't being used continually.
Pretty solid game set, sturdy quality. The only thing that I would of liked is for it to function through usb rather than through the audio jack. The usb plug in is only used to supply power to the headset lights.
I thought the disc on the end was going to be a nuisance, but I don't even notice it! This pen works just as well as the ones without a disc (I bought one of each just in case!). The disc is attached with elastic so it moves with you at any angle. It comes with a lid that screws on so it can be thrown in the backpack.
I've used the other kits in the past but after reading the other reviews I decided to give V-kits a try. My first purchase came with just an empty envelope so that was fun. The replacement however actually made it to me. I am not at all disappointed. The case is real easy to put together and everything is accessible. My only con would be if you have the camera module installed you will likely need to remove the CPU heat sink since the cable would be very very close to that element which in all likelihood is going to be hot.
This product is exactly as described and fit my Macbook Pro perfectly. Only complaint is that the graphic is blurry making it very hard to read the smaller words (I got the left brain/right brain design) on the case and impossible to read on the keyboard cover). Also if you are someone who needs to look at the letters on your keyboard as you type you may want to consider not using the keyboard cover as some of the letters are almost impossible to see over the background design.
Easy setup, plug and play. Stuck with windows default drivers and seems to work well. I only use it to connect my PS4 and Xbox One controller to PC and both connect easily.
Good for my old laptop but keep bumping up from the middle.
This thing fits in my pocket and is wonderful when I have to work my call shift as an IT specialist. Opening it up will automatically turn it on and connect to your device (in my case, my tablet), so I can type with ease. I took a gamble and thought the mini version of the keyboard would be nice, but I have to think about what I'm typing because the keys are so close together. Though, I do above average sized hands. Otherwise, this is a great product.
The case has full functionality however the swivel seems “loose.” I feel like it could've been made more sturdy for long term use.
Only Issue is the bottom half of the case doesn't snap and lock on but everything else is perfect. screen protecter is awesome!!!
A solid product that does exactly what I needed it to. It was a solid value for the money and it worked perfectly with my microSD card first time. The only thing I can knock is that it didn't make it readily apparent which direction was up as far as inserting the card, but it's a fairly minor issue.
Nice mount but needs secondary mounting holes for drives that mount sideways in the case.
Love these headphones. Comfortable and i can walk away from the tv and still hear it in the other room. Charge last a long time. Great product.
I've only had this keyboard case for a couple of days but so far so good. I hope I don't have the same hinge problems as many other buyers have experienced. Fingers crossed. I am VERY impressed with the keyboard! It's the BEST one I have used so far for my IPad Pro 9.7 and believe me, I have tried many others (Yekbee, Logitech, Brydge, etc.). The keys work and feel really good - like a regular laptop keyboard, no skipping keys and the backlit feature works very well too. I guess time will tell and will update again in a month.
The only thing I don't like about this is that is that it's a re-branded headphones but I purchased it already before founding that out. Not bad overall sound quality. I'm pretty there's better headphones out there at the same price point.
The unit works for a smaller sized usage and was affordable.
This keyboard is a great keyboard. As far as compatibility, it has connected to both my MacBook and my iPhone. It was a completely painless connection to my iPhone however the connection to my MacBook was kind of a pain. It took about an hour of me connecting and disconnecting to retry before the key board would pair and work. Once paired with the laptop it connects automatically every-time but the first connection can be painful. One the keyboard was connected it works great and I absolutely love it. Size is great and the keys feel nice and smooth.
This is a well-built cover. It works as it is supposed to. The only downside, was after about a 18 months, it started to have a crack in the cover material, in the spine. But, after as much as I use my tablet, I didn't mind buying another.
Very vibrant color works just fine. Nice and flat so easy to carry in a carry case
Great fit for my Ipad 2 generation. I purchased this case in black direct from Wal Mart, when I first got the Ipad. This case is the real deal, and it fits just like the one from Wal Mart. Different color is nice chance of pace. Definitely would recommend.
Two of the cables work great.
great product but the software need updating if they get that it will be good .
Darker than shown in the picture. It should be called "light gray" instead of smokey white. Returned.
Good incense stick, smell very strong. A bit pricey for ~80 sticks. I like it but might not order it again.
Works well enough with Linux laptops sharing a monitor. Only gripe is double-tapping the scroll lock key does not switch between computers. Instead, the KVM is using the num lock key for this functionality, even though the documentation says otherwise.
received item and it fits well
works good case is kind of cheap overall it good
Love this lens. Had so much fun with it while in Europe
Could use some pull tabs on the Zippers they are hard to get a hold of when bag is unzipped and they are at bottom.
You connect via email. Repair was approved, but requires shipping the computer to a repair center. There was no shipping cost, but the time for shipping added to the time without use of my laptop.
Had some issues with this and would cause the main computer screen to flicker, not sure if it was something to do with monitor or cable connection. Otherwise it's a well built cable.
Using it with my HT antenna on my mobile rig in a small go-box. Works well.
It is a lovely bag and well constructed.
The only thing that caught me by surprise was that the actually keys are not lit, so if you are looking for something to help you type in the dark than this is not what you are looking to buy. Other than that, this thing is solid and reliable.
Nice good for young kids i got 2. One was crack on the front but still works.
I just received my tablet this week, and so far, so good! The size and weight are good. There were very few apps pre-loaded which is great because I could put on exactly what I wanted and not have to deal with a ton of ad-ware. The picture quality is good, and sound is fine. So far, the speed has been good and there are no issues playing videos. My only "complaint" so far is that the battery life isn't great. I haven't run it down to zero yet, but after about 30 minutes of use last night, I was down to about 80% (from a full charge). I intend to leave it plugged in (wanted for looking at recipes while I cook), so I am not too concerned about that. The overall quality isn't amazing, but it isn't terrible either (I have paid more for worse!). If you want a starter tablet, something for an older child, or just a basic tablet, you can't beat the price!
Bigger than i expected and is very high quality. Will last a lifetime. Just wish it allowed a little leverage for my tablet. It blocks my fingers from using certain features when watching a movie i am forced to shift it from side to side.
Good but the best sensor ever as they described. Go for g403 or rival 310
Comfortable without being too big or too small.
very nice cover, looks pretty good. fit is not 100% accurate I feel like the cover not completely holding the ipad at the bottom. But looks very decent and good.
Is this a great backpack? Yes. It seems well-made, is roomy and has terrific features. But will it hold my Dell Inspiron or Latitude 15.6 laptops? No. Strictly speaking, yes, you can put it in the laptop padded sleeve. But the zippers strain at each corner and if you dropped it onto one of the top corners, there would be zero protection. Returning it and have already ordered the same brand backpack for a 17" laptop. I have high hopes.
They are very good. I just wish they work with playstation
I love the soft feel and look of it although it isn't the best quality it has held up alright. The case broke in one corner but it's too cute to take off
These are not your everyday use they are more for that extra gaming person that plays alot of phone games not the less good product and it comes with 2 and screen cleaners because if the screen is not super clean it get a little wonky
I would consider buying another one if needed. You can daisy chain these things with one power connection!
A little on the small side width wise, but all in all good product.
Could use just a bit more internal memory
I enjoyed extra memory card. I love to binge watch my favorite programs with no problems. I would like to order 2 more at this time.
This product works reasonably well. I do not get the performance they claim but it is still good enough to steam HD movies. I am taking off one star because getting the units talking and secured was not plug and play. After having trouble I read some reviews and one said you needed to link and secure them in very close proximity. I eventually had to plug them in back to back to get mine synced up (this after trying for about 20 minutes in different rooms. They have been working well now for about a month. This is my third set of power-line Ethernet devices. The prior sets seem to last for about 12-18 months before failing. I hope these will do better. I am concerned that they will not last because as some other reviewers stated they are always a bit warm to the touch. As an electrical engineer and product designer myself I don't see any reason for them to get warm. There are many ways to efficiently (minimal heat) make power. In generally, the reliability of any electronic part is reduced the hotter is operates. FIngers crossed.
I really like the design on the cover. It took a minute to figure out how to prop up a tablet and doesn't do as well as I had hoped it would for this use. I still really like it and the materials seems like it'll be durable.
Its pretty good but it would be much bettter if there was a trackpad & the keyboard had a back lighting. Next model!
Good replacement but cheaper plastic you can tell by the difference in color and the texture
Does as expected and lights up well.
Great portability, love using in meetings and on the move with my tablet
Nice small, slim and ruggedly built product. Poor choice in cable + adapter for iPhone! Adapter separates from the cable easily making it unreliable. Should have package separate cables to eliminate adapters. I ended up buying my own individual cables.
requires intermittent adjustment at times, but pretty good,nevertheless.
I ordered a couple of these to replace older cables in hopes of faster charging. I specifically ordered them because I have a phone with a micro USB charging port and saw that it comes with an adapter. I figure that I would be getting a new phone that uses the USB type C eventually so could use the adapter until then. Well, the adapter converts older cords using micro USB to the new USB type C, so this is of no use. I'm not sure why anyone would need such an adapter supplied with cords that already have USB type C plugs... Another odd thing is that the package comes with 2 cords and only 1 adapter, but I suppose since the adapter is not meant to be used with the cords...
Very nice for college. Protected my laptop even against heavy rain and wind. Comfortable. Love the coffee color. Despite the side charging device not working properly, the backpack is nicely made and does it's job well.
Pros: - Works out of the box for Switch - Long-ish cable - Good enough to use for parties / multiplayer Cons: - Very cheap, flimsy feel (I'm worried it will break easily) - Triggers are difficult to keep pressed - Sticks have small deadzones, making them feel oversensitive - D-pad feels imprecise If you need a spare controller for occasional use for parties and such, this one is for you. It isn't comfortable enough to use as a primary controller though (no gyro or rumble makes it even worse) and feels too light to stand up to a lot of use or travel. 4 stars because it's so affordable.
I use this when swapping out my water cooling fluid. it works pretty well, and it can also help get out some die supposedly, but I have not been able to test it that much. also, keep in mind that any big buildups will require a system tear down to get fully cleaned
I like the design and it holds up my iPad nicely while viewing handsfree like when watching a movie on Netflix
Beautiful case! However, bottom part came broken slightly at the corner and after 3 months of use, fits loosely and has a tendency to slide off.
Love the quality but everything I edit is too dark on other screens going by the calibration of this screen. Other than that siper happy!.
Had a bit of issues with understanding how it charged but once it got it working it was great
Great product never had a problem, easy set up.
Very good for travelers
It's fine and it works well with my new iPad mini BUT it just looks dated. I'm keeping it, and it is a great value for the price, but it's not super cute.
Works fine, but the mag connector feels flimsy and rattles
Gave new life to an old Toshiba Satellite!
product: is a good replacement and seems pretty solid. no issues with quality or functionality. shipping: i ordered it on a thursday night and did receive it until the following wednesday. it actually did not ship until monday night. It does not ship from amazon, but is listed as prime product so should be shipped as such. mis-leading and i could have easily selected a different one and had it delivered in two days as why i pay for prime to begin with.
Liked option for blue. Seems good.
Fast shipment, Good price
Dont use the strap by ut it's a very durable case. There are concrete floors at my work and I've dropped it a couple times and not damage to my ipad.I love the color! Not wondering which one is mine.
We'll see how long it lasts, but out of the box the stick is absolutely perfect which is all you should care about on an N64 controller. The sensitivity, range of motion, etc, is all perfect. I'll update this review if it starts to go faulty but first impressions are great.
Good quality of a cover. Feels really nice to hold and the fold stand is solid.
I had an issue with my first item but customer service handled it very quickly. I am very satisfied and I love this item.
Nice quality fabric, good sized bag for all the needs for a baby. Has straps for backpack and carry. Would be great for both mom and dad to use. Has good compartments for bottles and things. Has changing pad included. Nice product for the money.
Good laptop for the price range. Slim and pretty. Battery life is decent. Lifted keyboard is comfortable to work on. Only thing I have noticed is that the sound isn't very loud. Otherwise I'm happy.
Haven't dropped my computer so can't tell you how good it works..
This sleeve case is a bit too big for an IPad Pro 11” 2018. It works but it could be a bit smaller to fit more snuggly. But aside from that the overall construction is a good value for the price. I just wish it didn't say amazon basics on the front so boldly.
It looks good and works, but after a while, the bottom case keeps slipping off.
Sort of like a cheaper version of the comparable Logitech combo. Works fine.
This is a solid case. I feel like this would be a good kid proof case. But the stand is bulky and it stands more straight up than at a slant like I'd prefer.
It's a little heavy, but the keyboard typing is better than the apple stores. I do not recommend this product if you want to travel light though.
Sent it to my 8 year old nephew, he said he ABSOLUTELY loves it!
I just now put it on my Alienware 17 inch laptop it fits but I haven't really used it to see if it stays in place or how well it is as far as will it last being used on a daily basis I will update my review once I actually use it for a couple months but it does fit
Very nice laptop backpack. One reason why I gave 4 stars. The front compartment can use dual zip pulls/slides instead of simply just ONE. The same zipper design should be for BOTH the front and back compartment. The bag comes with additional reflective rain cover as well.
... but it's only been a week ... too early to give a valuable assessment of the product. But at least it continues to work.
as advertised and arrived on time.
It worked until it didn't anymore
I purchases the earlier model about 9 months ago, buy it failed. I wanted to find one that was better built and heavier duty. This one has met my expectations. I'm very pleased with this version.
Has been a pretty solid little kit ...one of the controllers buttons dont seem to react as quickly as the other but my kiddos love playing classic games!
Works exactly as designed. Looks as sleek as the tablet itself. Only downside is that it doesnt connect in fully with a case on the Surface Pro. But that isnt this products fault, took the case off and have been using it just fine.
Good looking sleeve, very soft inside! Fits my macbook 13" 2017 perfectly.
Fits the screen well and adds sense of security.
For the price, it is amazing. Beautiful color, good cable routing, quiet fans, and nice size overall. few problems with the case include simply stupid dust filters. the front of the case has a filter running from top to bottom, but you have to remove the entire front of the case (vie 6 plastic pinch pins) to clean it. the PSU dust filter is on the outside, which is great, but it appears to be stiffened window screen that you just pull off. The only dust filter that comes off easily are the filters on top of the case. The other problem is that the two provided fans will ONLY work on the front of the case. you cannot move them other places without buying nylon nuts to hold the fan in place. That just seems ridiculous to me. Overall, despite the fan and dust filter issues it is a very pretty case and my mother LOVED the color. It functions overall nicely. Great budget builder case if you can deal with the stupid filters/fans.
Very Good! Highly recommend.
Nice color & feel. Easy to install. Took away one star because the Apple logo does not show through. The photo looks like it does & that would have made it 4 stars to me. (I applied one of the Apple stickers that came with my macbook to the front!)
While the case looks great and sturdy, I wish it came with a built in screen protector, like those with Otterbox. The protector that it came with didn't line up properly with the Home button and camera. It's a flimsy plastic. Had I known this, I would have bought a tempered glass. Now I have to wait 2-3 more days to get that in stock. I just hope I don't scratch the screen in before then. I'm hesitant to put this on without a screen protector. I'm afraid it may scratch the glass. I guess you get what you pay for, and I should have spent more money and bought and Otterbox (I just didn't want Black).
Works. As described. Can't Go wrong with this purchase
Good deal made good no problems so far
worked for oculus sensors
Magnet that holds keyboard too strong - triggers the tablet shut-off so you can't fold it backwards comfortably
Works to charge a switch lite. But connecting the Ethernet cable to the dongle to the switch lite, it doesn't pick up a wired internet connection. Not a big deal that wasn't my intended use it would have been a plus if did work
Fits great, super easy to snap on. It's holding up well. No more sharp aluminum edges cutting my fingers! It does show fingerprints tho. I got the black one and the LED apple logo shows through nicely.
After about 25 minutes of updates, works great, nice touch screen. Sound from Speakers is Good but not Great. Nice clear screen. I dont do gaming so I can speak to speed but for standard usage this is good deal for the money.
It was only on for a few hours and it cracked
My son was given a mouse of this brand last year and loved it, and I needed something with higher sensitivity for gaming. The mouse is small - smaller than my Logitech mouse - but it has a nice grippy feel, and is maybe a little more ergonomic, with a place to rest my ring finger, which I like. Best part is that it's more responsive than my Logitech in video games. I like the color, too. For the price, I'm super happy with the purchase.
This is an awesome headset for the money! I love the ability to fold them up when not in use, and I really appreciate the addition of the conversion cable for use when you need to plug into a computer with separate mic and headphone jacks. The lapel mute/volume controls are an added plus. I took off a single star because they are a little tight on my head, but to be fair, I wear a size 8 hat, so I often have a hard time with comfort with full sized headsets like this.
Worked as advertised. 2 partitions one public one private which you can resize. Finger print id works with windows PC. Well made small device.
Size is great and zipper compartments keeps things organized
The controller is neat but after you enable some of the features some buttons don't respond like they should prior to feature enabling but still a good controller does work with other shooter games at least the rapid fire
I bought a couple - or maybe it came with two, I can't remember - and one is still going strong. The other just recently stopped working. I feel like cords in general don't last long, probably because of how they get wound up, caught on things, kinked, and otherwise abused. I'd make this purchase again though. They feel more sturdy than the average iPhone cable. The length is, of course, the best part.
Works great for my Ryzen 3 build. I have a SSD drive (which mounts on the bottom of the case) and a 3.5" 3TB spinner. One word of advice, install the 3.5" drive first when using the AM4 boards as the CPU fan makes it impossible to mount it later unless you come in through the front of the case (as I did). The 3.5" cover is metal and bent slightly when I removed it, but was able to straighten it back out. All in all, it is a nice case and the fans are nice and quiet. The LED lights for the HDD, Power and case fans are bright and visible. Enough room on the case skeleton to use zip ties for cable management.
Things are good, I am very satisfied!
My old PC was acting up with processor problems so I needed to replace it. I did not want to spend a lot of money and desktops are hard to come by these days now that laptops are so inexpensive. I stumbled upon these refurbished Dell's and decided to take a chance. My previous PC was custom built by me with some high end components. I pulled the RAM, video card and solid state hard drive from my old machine and placed it in this refurb for a bit of a performance boost. The Windows 10 license was valid and setup quickly. Machine performance has been very good with no complaints at all. The only reason I subtracted a star was because the case did have blemishes, some that could have been taken care of with a little better cleaning by the refurbisher. Overall very pleased with the purchase and would buy again.
Not as nice as the origami style but works for landscape direction.
Shipped quickly, adequately described. Performing as it should.
Got what I wanted for a good price
The front cover folds like a handle you can use to hold the tablet while reading. The cover also closes to put the tablet in sleep mode.
Easy to build into. Took maybe 20 mins to fully assemble (although I initially got my SSDs in backwards). I was pleasantly surprised to see mounting a 3.5 in HDD is still marginally possible provided one has an extremely short video card or uses on board graphics. Cabling will be tight, however.. The only knocks are the stabilization bracket didn't fit my video card and temperatures are indeed greater when used horizontally (which is well documented). Only thing left is to decide how to fill the optical drive slot if at all.. .
This is a very cost effective tool if you want to have two monitors (best thing ever!!!). I did notice that the image is not as sharp on the monitor utilizing this connection; but I use it for emails and spread sheets so its perfect for my needs. I have only been using it for approx a month but so far so good - if anything changes I will revise this review.
The price was very reasonable.
I was pleasantly surprised by this headset. I did not want a very expensive one, as I am a casual gamer. I recently purchased an Xbox One S and wanted a headset to hear game audio. It plugs right in to the audio jack of the Xbox One controller and works just fine. The audio isn't super powerful, even on its highest volume setting, but it gets the job done. Sounds are crisp and easily distinguishable. I've had it for almost a month and I really enjoy it (especially for the price). My only complaint is that while the size is adjustable, the smallest size setting is a bit too big. It's still pretty comfortable, but wish it fit more snug on my head and ears. If you have a larger-sized head, this will probably fit perfectly.
this mouse works great, it's only bluetooth and not wireless with IR.
My son liked this for gaming.
I ordered several of these for their vibration resistance and temp rating, as i am using these in rugged environments. They work well. I got one DOA but Amazon replaced it quickly as always.
Item does help with privacy. But the stickers on the sides are very visible
Great, love the colour and it keeps the Tablet very safe and secure.
I typically use my iPad for note taking for work and during meetings, but with my workplace getting new huge lights the glare has been so bad and a big hindrance to writing that I decided to get one of these. This was thicker than I thought it was going to be but I prefer it that way as it seems like it would be more protective. I liked how this came with wipes and such to help with the application and it wasn't too hard putting this on my iPad. It fit pretty well and covered most of the screen. However, while the application was relatively easy, keeping lint and dust off of it was not. With this, for me it was near impossible to stop lint from getting trapped underneath the screen protector and creating bubbles. In addition, I tried to apply the screen so that I wouldn't get bubbles, but there were just huge amount of bubbles under the screen. Most I was able to get off by sliding a credit card over it and forcing them out, but a few were very persistent and to me, it just didn't look nice with them on. As for the anti-glare, this gets the job done well and I like the way it feels like writing on it. The texture feels a lot closer to paper and it's less noisy writing on this in my opinion. I'd say in comparison to a regular screen protector it does also keep fingerprints to a minimum which I really like.
I really like this cover/keyboard. It has protected my ipad in two drops from about 4 feet. The keyboard is excellent. However, despite the fact that I am gentle with it it has broken along the hinge after about a year. Let me be clear, it didn't break from the fall. On both of them, I opened it one day and the back along the left side of the hinge it cracked. Both still worked, just not as well. I would get it again despite the issues because I really like it.
Pros: Works as advertised. Cool power on/off buttons for each port. Great to have faster connections. Cons: interferes with my Bluetooth mouse. Putting it far enough away solves the problem.
Great case. A little pricey though.
Great for a 13 year old boy gaming with his friends!
Works as advertised.
After reading and researching multiple products I eventually chose this one. I was looking for something where I could easily attach and detach the keyboard. I also work in the field so something durable was KEY. I would keep this protector if it wasn't for one major issue I have. The access to the HDMI port is not big enough to allow for my cables to fit. So I have to remove the cover if I want to plug in a 2nd monitor. I also am not impressed by the pen holder. It is SO stiff I felt like I was going to break the pen or laptop in the process of securing it. If Kensington could work out those two details this would be a solid purchase for most everyone. For me while I love the durability the day to day impact of the HDMI and pen is becoming an issue.
I got a mouse pad with gaming mouse as set for my niece for Christmas present. Nice aluminum pad. It doesn't slip and smooth to touch.
Have mouse so far and its so stunning! Came in great packaging but the only down fall is that you have to charge it when it dies. Has a very long charge though!
I bought the 2-pack to be extenders for a couple of bluetooth speakers that had very short charging cables. They worked perfectly charging both the Sony XB20 and the Tribit XSound Go. So if you need to extend you cables for bluetooth speakers, this is the brand you should get.
I like this case. It makes the computer smidge bulkier, but not bad. I don't love how your fingerprints are shown on the case and it's hard to rub off. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars.But it's been pretty good protecting my case so far. I've had it for about 3 months.
This controller feels great in hand and is very comfortable. Having only used joycon for most of my play time on switch, it does feel a bit weird to use a more traditional controller (but I'm sure I will get us to it). If you want to buy a switch pro controler, but don't want to pay the price, then this is a well worthy options. Only complaint that I have (not really with the controller) is that my package never made it to my front door and was placed on my stone walk next to my yard (A bit weird, but I guess I can chalk it up to being a bit a late) other than that, would definitely recommend this controler.
Fast shipper. Holds all my flash drives.
Does exactly what it says it does. Cheap and effective
Works well - easy to use.
I was afraid of using a generic charger but in the first days its worked fine! Not bad for something that cost a quarter of the price that Apple sells their product for.
Works great so far. Came with windows 10, but still had the windows 7 stickers on the 2 I purchased. Yeah!
Great product. Just would of been nice to see a video of it being installed on the watch. Only showed video on installation on phones.
The headphones where meh.
It's almost exactly what I wanted. I was hoping it would be a little longer (my bad for not checking the measurements). It fits the pens I use (Pilot rolling ball), a laptop dongle, and a couple dry-erase markers. It doesn't fit standard pencils, including regular Bic mechanical pencils, except diagonally and kind of poking out. But I'm going to keep it and adapt to the size.
Perfect fit for my Lenovo 11.6 inch laptop. Wish it would stick a little better.
The fan controller does not allow the fans to reach peak speed but other than that this delivers as expected.
Price made it possible for me to purchase an extra one for the job.
Great drive. No problems runs nicely. Works the best of all I have tried and at half the price!
Meeting the needs of my job.
Video streaming to another FB portal is excellent. Wish it had more apps, wish it had a battery so it could be easily moved from room to room, otherwise I would have given 5 stars.
This product is as advertised! It does what it says it's supposed to do. The reason, I didn't give it a five star rating was because I use a protective cover for my MacBook Pro. I have to take the cover off every time I use it because it won't allow it to connect to the ports all the way. The cover blocks it from fitting flush up against it. Other than that tedious aspect, the product works fine! If you have a cover for your laptop you will need to take it off in order to use this product.
This worked as well as other reviews mentioned, and a fraction of the price.
does what it should if the product you hook it to works right
Not bad for a wireless mouse that is less than $10.00. Don't expect a boutique mouse here, It is what it is, a functional, no-thrill mouse. If I am picky, I would say the cursor movement is not that smooth and the scroll wheel feels cheap (Actually the wheel starts squeaking already after only 1 day). But that is it. It worked. It has a clever power saving design that the mouse completely turns itself off after idling for a few minutes. You'll need to either click a button or scroll the thumb wheel to power it on again. Takes me a while to figure that out (no manual) and getting used to. That nuances doesn't bother me at all. I didn't own this mouse long enough but I except a much longer battery life since it is turning itself off like that. Also, there is no light coming out from the bottom, but once plugged in it worked.
Other than a single small issue with my old Gigabyte GTX 780 video card not able to sit completely flush on this board I would give this board 5 stars. The card had issues anyway with Windows 10 so I might be getting a better card soon. Although I might just decide to use on-board Intel graphics since I don't plan to do much other than work and watch 4K videos on this PC. Everything else about the board is very good quality so far and the price was right.
For those unwilling to pay the ridiculous premium price for the Apple Smart Cover, this is an excellent alternative offering great protection and attractive looks. I bought this for my iPad MIni 2 and it fit perfectly, protecting the back as well as the front with cutouts where needed for speakers and access to buttons, camera, headphone jack and power cord. It's slightly bulkier than the Apple Smart Cover, and not as aesthetically chic, but it offers the same functionality and probably better protection. I can understand design freaks being lured by the Apple offering which I owned and enjoyed with its magically self-adhering magnetic hinge and it's minimally perfect front cover folding back to a convenient viewing stand. The Apple Smart Cover was wonderous, but the magnetic hinge eventually fell off after several years of completely normal use. This product is less fragile by design, more protective and, at $15, much, much cheaper. I docked it one star for being less sexy than the Apple accessory, but otherwise think it's the best solution for the application.
Liked everything, nothing bad to say.
The only issue I have is the user interface. They did really well on everything, but when I turn off my computer first, it goes into a searching for input mode, during which I can't shut it down. So I have to climb back and unplug it. Am I missing something?
It moved quite a bit while using it, but it keeps off all the dust that would get in between the keys. Cleaning it can be a little bit of a pain as things like to stick to it, but it does it's job.
I have been using this laptop for a few months now and am quite satisfied. It runs fast and surfs well, no delays as yet. And it is certainly lightweight. The only drawback is the construction--it's not particularly durable and the hardware components are crap, but that may have something to do with reducing the weight. For everyday office use this isn't a big deal, but this might not be the best machine for people who put their laptops through hard use: travel a lot, harsh working environments, etc...But it works fine for me thus far.
Very nice mouse. I wish there was a toggle to turn it off though. It drains batteries a little fast. Very comfortable though.
Very nice case for someone who uses the tablet casually. (I use it mostly for art) I gave 4 stars only because the case has a peculiar smell... its faded after a few weeks but still there for sure.
Great case, pen charging works fine. Fits well, only complaint is the material on the inside of the cover picks up all sorts of dust or fibers or pet hair incredibly well, and it being the bottom when it's open and in stand mode isn't great. Its kind of hard to clean off all the stuff that sticks to it.
so far so good. Works as expected
I love how it comes in a pack of 2 instead of just 1. Its very lightweight but the pen is very difficult to remove. I also like how its alot easier to erase than other sketch pads. Overall great product.
Works well, easy to set up
Cheap and does the job. I had a spare Samsung so I figured I give this a shot. Pretty good so far and doesn't look like I'm losing a lot of speed off the drive by using this. Pros: -Cheap -Benchmark puts it on par with Samsung SSD externals -After benchmarks were ran, the drive was sitting at 40 degrees C so well within healthy levels -Solid build and doesn't rattle -Comes with tools needed to install Cons: -USB cable that plugs into the drive doesn't go all the way in. Doesn't seem to affect performance but annoying -USB cable doesn't feel very sturdy and might tear at the connections over time
speaker is a good speaker for the price, case fits speaker and charger perfect, not as loud as i thought it would be
This is a really great case especially for work/school. First things first, the rose gold color is really pretty and fashionable. Next is that the keyboard is easy to charge and stays charged for around a week of me typing at school. The cover part is pretty thick and protects the front well, as a whole the case is light and shockproof. Best part is that the keyboard is detachable, but if you do that you dont have a cover to your iPad. Lastly, the stand is a little confusing but after a little bit I figure out how to use it, its a little bit of a hassle, but no big deal. Overall, this is a great case for working and is very fashionable!
I had a little bit of difficulty peeling off the sticker. Once it was adhered to the keyboard, it was easy to read and stays sturdy.
If you bought a new macbook pro and need an adapter for an older, non-thunderbolt monitor, this is the adapter for you. I accidentally bought a thunderbolt 2 to thunderbolt 3 adapter as they are, visually, identical. I later discovered that what I really needed was a thunderbolt 3 to mini-display port. Now everything works perfectly.
Great case and does protect mh laptop.
I bought this for work. I have small hands/short fingers so I was looking for a low profile mechanical keyboard with something similar to brown switches. The keys are super quiet and you can still feel the “clicks” like a blue switch. However, you can tell the construction isn't as good when compared to other name brands like Corsair. When you press a key down, it wiggles a little bit and feel less solid than cherry mx.
I've had it for a week and have had no problems, very solid, well made, and the customization is nice.
Work good my great grandson loves them
It was a cheap grap so I don't expect to much. It has no lightning, which is fine. Design of Keyboard is okay. The Enter Key is a big button and in a different place. This is following an older keyboard design. Small palm rest but doesn't do to well in helping with long term typing. Overall, decent but not the best. Looks nice though.
These screen protectors have a matte anti-glare quality but the matte glare seems just as visually instructive as a shiny glare. I thought these would be easy to apply since there are no touch screens or cameras to fit them around, but it was equally tricky. You have to line up the rounded corners just so, so take your time. My care also snags the edges of the screen protector sometimes, which makes the corners not stick as firmly.
Bought as a gift. Haven't had any complaints
My case came in the mail today and I am absolutely in love with the print! I wouldn't say this is the most durable case out there, it probably wouldn't protect the laptop from a drop. But I think it'll help with surface scratches and that's what I wanted it for anyway. I docked one star for the “bonus” items. The screen protector that arrived with the case came scratched/stained so I won't be using it. This isn't a big deal to me since I only really bought this product for the case. The design on the keyboard protector is also very distracting and has already fell off several times today. Will probably end up tossing it. My case also came with a few scratches, but you can't really notice them unless you're smoothing your hand across the top. Had no trouble installing the case. It snapped right on! Overall, I believe this case will fulfill my needs. I'm not sure how long it will last but for now, I am happy with my purchase!
This is so nice. It is light weight. It looks very elegant. My MAC was easily fit into it. It had smooth velvet finish material. The Sleeve material is manufactured in such a way that it will not fall from your hands. I would advise people to buy this one if they are looking for a sleeve for MAC books.
This helps with the cooling of my PS4 and I have been fairly satisfied with it. I still ended up overheating a couple times and added a laptop cooler under the unit. Between the 2 they make a difference but I still have to vacuum the vents on a regular basis. This cooler is much better than the first one I got. It can be a bit loud at times though.
Product is of good quality and came as advertised.
This is a pretty handy bag for organizing your office stuff/electronics. It's held up well over the past year.
It's fine and serves a purpose.
Does not work on Raspberry Pi but works fine on Windows 7 and 10.
It came way bigger than expected, but it works alright. It makes me feel a bit more secure about carrying my laptop around campus. I had it in my backpack one day while it was pouring and it got a bit wet, and the water also got through it a bit. It would've been way worse if I didn't have it though. I would recommend this but definitely don't rely on it completely.
Great chromebook for casual surfing the internet and android functions. Have to be a little bit computer savvy or google to unlock the Android App Store. But once you update everything,this computer is awesome.👍
Just received the wireless keyboard for my husband to use with his new tablet. Was easy to set up. Size matches up with the Samsung Tab E. Magnetic so it has been staying in place. Currently charging with a included USB cable. It appears to be well made for the price. So far so good!
Definitely worth the couple extra dollars to get this one over the 650 w if you're planning to make future upgrades this will last you.
Great laptop. Have tried the 21 inch Lenova and it is difficult to carry around due to its size. Resolution is great. Think Lenova has one of the best, if not the best, track pads (perfect sensitivity and size). Performance could be better. Takes a bit longer than I like for the computer to boot and for applications to load.
Since it is supposed to be a Dell Package I was surprised to see a HP Keyboard and an offbrand mouse. Monitor and Tower are Dell. Otherwise good review. I know you can use different monitors, mouse and keyboard, but that isn't the point. This might be called false advertising.
works great and is a quality product.
Allows you to bring up a laptop to a monitor or a television. Does it purpose fairly well but every now and then I will have a little bit of trouble with it. Remember to install the drivers or you will have a rough time with it.
My son loves it. Decent backpack. He's used it 4 months now and only a string pull on the strap we had to cut. Otherwise it's holding up well.
Beautiful cae,clicks on easily, little hard to see letters with key cover, but for an avid user you don't look when typing so it works well
This mouse is very comfortable to use for both myself and my husband. I say this because my hand is pretty much half the size of my husband's, yet both of us can enjoy this. I have no question about the high quality of this product- it works great with our computers with no issues. The only downside is that this mouse is very heavy. While that alone does not take away from the ease of use, it would be much nicer if the mouse was lighter.
This router gives me and my family the WiFi we we're looking for! No issues since we installed this! It's great!
This mouse does not "wake up" by just moving it around, like my old mouse did. You need to press one of the buttons instead. No big deal, just takes some getting used to.
Strung lights up over porch; this cord was the perfect length to run from outlet to the lights.
I need a reliable way to connect to the internet and my computer doesn't come with an ethernet port. This one does what it is supposed to so I am satisfied. It also comes with 3 USB ports that I use to connect to external hard drives, cellphone, and camera. It would be great if it has a USB-C power pass-thru port so I can charge my MacBook Pro as well.
The charging cord is defective. Will not charge.??
I am very happy because this came to me in perfect shape and working order. the only thing I didn't appreciate was the round canister was shipped unprotected just thrown into a usps bag and could have been crushed soooooo very easily.
I got refurbished unit so value for money is 5 star. Not sure I would've paid more than I did for a non-refurbished one. Does the trick and is a substantial upgrade to what we had. I always stick with Lenovo.
great product. Fine leather quality. love the color
what I was expecting, great price...
I was spectical after I ordered this case due to the low price to the point I was looking at more expensive cases in brick and mortar stores during shipping. Glad I waited for it to come in before purchasing something else. Apple stopped making a smart case for the Pro series, only Smart Cover. This is similar to the one I had for my Apple iPad Air 2. IPad sets in rubber tray and leather hinge is glued to that. Guess I will see how well it holds up. Fells like it will be OK.
Deff get what you pay for. It runs slow but I only needed it for one online class and it does the job. It is a cute color and is very easy to take with you/
Great case...durable..hand held works nicely unless you have big hands but for kids no problems. Screen protector cracked but saved the screen.
My 12yr old son likes them. Uses them for his PS4.
Looks better in the picture, but it's functional
The build quality is fine, the keys work great and you can even mod the keycaps if you chose (I did). The only knock I have on this board is how finicky the input jack is for the USB cable, if you breath on it wrong it will stop working, which is a pain. I can see this fault leading to a shorter than hoped for lifespan, but in the meantime it works great when it does. For only $30 I can't complain, and with the $20 I spent on key caps and key dampeners it performs just as well as most keyboards at 3 times the price.
Girlfriend completely Loved it! Makes her Macbook look amazing!!
This product is good but a little bit hard to put the pen into it.
made from good quality , lots of space inside for put in more stuff
I have only used one board so far. Worked for me. Go easy on the soldering iron heat or the little pads will melt. I have used three of the terminal blocks. not very rugged. I had to pry open the slot for the wires. These work fine for installing wires and leave them there. Repeat use may not work.
It's pretty simple, and it has a good layout. There's not exactly a place to put your hard drive, so it's just hanging out in one of the corners. all of the brackets are solid, so you wont have to worry about it going anywhere. My only complaint is that all of the chassis fan ports are on the top. It's not the best design for cooling, but with 3 strong enough fans I have not seen it go above 43 degrees C.
For reference I have worked as a systems engineer for almost twenty years with servers, WIFI, firewalls, virtualization, disaster recovery, networking blah blah blah blah blah. So I am a bit of a computer/network geek. I really like this device and purchased this primarily for protection and parent controls as I have a curious preteen in the house. I tried out Disney Circle but sent it back as it crushed my Google Fiber Gigabit internet performance (I wrote a review on that). This device has everything I need and the AV for computers and phones is really nice and easy to use. The major thing that could be improved is the parental control and reporting interface. Its a mix of on device application, and cloud based application. As soon as I figured that out (not well documented) I was able to get pretty much what I wanted out of it. Due to that the interface is a bit clunky and not the smoothest to figure out or manage, but definitely not the worst I have ever worked with. I question how good the support is as I opened a ticket via email and have gotten two automated responses in a week that offer no solution. I suppose the phone support may be better. Fortunately I was able to fix and figure out my issues on my own.
Really nice backpack and perfect for a laptop. It is a bit small but it does the trick.
There is a separate volume control on this headset which thru me off for a while. I bought this for one of my sons as he is in home school and he uses it on a daily basis. The headset comes with an adapter from a single connection to a dual mic/sound. The headset is designed for a smaller head, kids size. When I wear them for over 30 minutes my ears start to hurt.
Great looking backpack and got a ton of compliments. Unfortunately, it started tearing at edges after months of daily use.
First of all, if you want to nit-pick, this is actually a "microSDXC" card reader, not a "microSD" (which is larger). * Pros: (+) Very space-efficient. (+) Fast data transfer (limited by your microSDXC card). (+) Compatible with OTG cable (worked with my Note 9) (+) Ingenious design! - Cons: (-) The housing is made of anodized aluminum and acts as a heat sink. Therefore, this device gets hot -- REALLY hot, even when it's not in use and merely plugged into the USB slot! Depending on how tough you are, you could burn your fingers within seconds! The first time I used it, I was in for a "hot" surprise! ;) (-) If you need to frequently swap microSDXC cards, you are probably better off using a microSD adapter with an appropriate card reader instead. I personally rarely take my 200GB card out of the card reader. * Bottom line: This is a great little microSDXC card reader that takes up very little space and fits great in my wallet. I applaud the genius who came up with the idea of placing a microSDXC card under the USB connector! However, since this device is getting very hot, I would at least place a warning sign somewhere on the housing, or redesign it with a bigger heat sink. Luckily, the heat dissipates rather quickly and is warm to the touch within 15 seconds or so. The heat development is the only reason I cannot give this card reader a solid 5 stars -- more like 4.8 -- but I still highly recommend it.
Dock is solid, clean, cheap, and easy to install. However, after looking around I would consider buying a different shell that is compact enough to fit in a travel case (This one is slightly too thick to fit in mine), or a larger one with more features. For example, I would have liked to use the spring-loaded cradle and the power LED from the original dock. When I get a second dock I will be looking for a shell that includes these features. However, I have no problems with this one and I use it all the time on my TV. When I take the switch to someone else's house I put the ac adapter and the dock with the switch in a larger bag.
I'm only a week or so in, but pleasantly surprised with this cover. Certainly not the least expensive, but it looks real nice and the magnetic stand works well. I don't use a pencil, but that spot is there and the Auto Wake/Sleep is right on so far.
compact, fast response time, relatively less noisy, kinda stupid color design.
The ipad keyboard case fits my ipad pro 2 very well. The bluetooth connection pairing is straight forward and the connection stays steady. The keyboard is light and keystrokes of this keyboard are comfortable. Wish it has a rose gold color matches my daughter ipad.
Lightning male plug fits well through iPhone case, but the microUSB female port seems a bit shallow (my cables plug in about 80% of the way). Also, these adapters are quite small, and can easily get lost ... glad they came in a 5-pack.
For my mother, she loves it. Very nice looking case, durable
Great coverage for a laptop
These work great. They work great for my ps4. They have cushion and I very comfortable on my head and ears. I have got other headphones that got loose after a while and these are sturdy. It also comes with the mic and it has an on and off switch to turn off and on the mic. The aux cord is very long which is great for me. For the price these are awsome.
Just what my friend needed. Thank You
The case is a perfect fit for the drive! My only complaint is that the webbing for the cables doesn't cover both cables that come with the drive. But that is very minor! The case does the job of protecting the drive!
I've always used hand me down laptops. Even though I'm in my 50s this is my first computer purchase. I was using an ancient laptop with an OS from 2007, haha. My daughter recommended I buy a Yoga because she loves hers. I now love mine too. Super easy and fast set up, even for a technophobe like me. I find the interface fairly intuitive, so I've pretty much been able to figure out what I need to figure out, without any help. The one thing that drove me crazy though was figuring out how to use the touch pad (mouse) properly. It doesn't work anything like any other computer I've used, even my husband's new laptop, so I thought it was broken, haha, till my daughter sent me a YouTube tutorial! I find the 11 inch screen big enough for all of my needs, which are simple: extensive writing, email, web browsing, shopping, watching videos, and creating and storing documents for my work. I can comfortably watch a movie too, but if I didn't also have a TV, I'd have chosen the bigger Yoga screen. I love how portable it is, and that it can be used as a notebook or tablet. Awesome. The screen optics are gorgeous. Only two things I don't like. The shift key is smaller than normal and in the wrong place. Long story short, it's maddening but I think I'll adjust. Secondly, during set up, why isn't there a nice invitation to watch a full tutorial on how to explore your new device and learn not only the basics of how to navigate a Yoga, but also learn what various tricks your notebook is capable of and what features it offers? Why wouldn't Lenovo include an official tutorial, if only to cut down on the volume of service calls? I read thru the printed info that came with the device, but no mention of a tutorial there either. I hated to do it, but I deducted a star for that. If there IS a tutorial included, I couldn't find it, and that's just as bad as there not being one. It should be super easy to find. So glad I chose this elegant two-in-one!! So thin and light, and my daughter informs me I got it at a really great price right here on Amazon. Anytime I can save a trip to the store around the holidays!
Super flexible and programable. The only thing I don't like (other than cost) is the keys aren't like modern mechanical keys, and have the rubber membrane feel. Can be tiring if you need to type on them a lot.
Works ok. Wish it was short to reach in back of the racks easier.
Great case. Lots of ventilation. Plenty of room for both radiators. Though the drive bays and PSU cover need some work. Also had to search through the case to find the bumpers that go under the PSU.
Love the monitor i know if you're lookin at this monitor you're skeptical about pullin the trigger, i recommend you get it. Only reason why it's not a 5 Star is that there is no tilt/height adjustment.
Good quality, exactly the color that shows in the picture.
It fits perfectly on my HP 23.8 inch monitors. The only thing I don't like about these screens, that they're too glossy. The matte side is not much different from glossy one. If you don't have a window in the office it'll be fine, but if you do - I don't recommend this product. Customer service was great and they refunded the money.
Good quality for the money
OK, so these do work, but are not miracle workers. Nothing can simulate hardwiring. The set-up took multiple attempts (just supposed to push a button on both units w/in a certain time frame). Once set-up, they have had little issue, and will reset themselves after power outages, so that's nice. As for performance, there is an increase in speed. I'm using it to speed up a PS4 which is on a different floor from the router. Speed increased from single digits (MBPS) to nearly 20. It is noticeably faster, but again, no where close to 100 or what hardwired could be. In fairness, one of the units is plugged in near a washer/dryer (they recommend being far away from large appliances...they negatively affect performance). This was unavoidable for me due to plug and router location. So final thoughts: if you're just streaming, seems perfect (I have no buffering delays compared to hard-wired devices). Download speeds for PS4 are good, but I don't play online so I cannot comment on that. Also, consider the flexibility of your set-up locations; appliances really do seem to have an effect. And one last bonus thought...these are way better than wireless extenders. I have one of those for another floor and while it does increase range, the performance/speed is much slower.
I love this holder, and it works so well for using my iPad for small talks and little speeches. But it's too expensive for what it is. I wish there were a competitor to bring down the price, much as I so appreciate the innovation.
No surprises here -- works as promised and delivered on time.
Only thing I have a problem with this laptop is the trackpad. Definitely buy an external Mouse. Other than that it is a great computer for the price
Super small covers everything and easy to slide back and fourth if you use the camera.
Use them for my computer, phone and tablets. They stay in place without problem. The only thing I don't like is the white color of the background, as my tablets and phone are black. That's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
Met expectations, but haven't had long enough to rate durability and long term performance.
Nice cables. Construction is good and seem durable. Got them the extend the cable length of devices like keyboard, mouse, camera. The cables work well and the colour-coding is a nice feature. So far I am satisfied with them, though I felt the cost was a bit more than what it should have been.
I loved them sticker bomber my helmet and gas tank, ordered another 100 to finish the tank good stickers n good variaty
I somehow lost the receiver for my logitech mouse and getting a new one was much cheaper than getting a new mouse. It proved difficult to get my mouse to realize it was there but after some fiddling around something happened and it worked. It's been good since.
Sweet cooling pad works great for my laptop. I've had it for about a month and still running strong.
I Just got so far it alright.
Sturdy, but the 'nameplate' is really cheesy and the stickers peeled within a few hours.
This is a good product. The sound is very good for its price. I would suggest the following improvements. I don't think these will increase its cost significantly. 1. The blue light is way too bright. This is why I took off one star. At first, I taped a piece of black paper to dim it. And that was not enough. Later, I taped another very thick piece of black paper. This time it worked. 2. The power button is extra. It should be combined with the volume button. Now the small area of operation plate looks crowded, and the push in/out power button is not as easily controlled as the turning power button. 3. There should be a small white dot on the volume control button to indicate how big the current volume is. 4. You might want to think about producing some product with white color. When I was shopping around, I was looking for white product. I bought it because of the price. Although now I think black color matches the monitor better, I think there might be some people prefer white color.
Nice set of screwdrivers. They are labeled and come in a good storage box. Would certainly recommend.
This dock is still working after having it for several years. An it serves as a great bedroom clock.
I initially bought this for my son, but it was the wrong size so I'm using it for my device. It does the job and was easy to install. Great quality for the price compared to Otterbox and other brands.
Keys with larger words (Shift, enter, etc.) are not lit evenly, bright in the middle at the light but at the ends its dim
Control looks and feels fine, but it has all sorts of configuration issues with steam.
At first I was very confused because I have a MacBook Air. If you are looking to just download music on the hard drive the process is a little bit different. You have to: - Insert the cord into you computer - Go to "Disk Utility" - Click "My Passport" - Go to "Erase" - Click "ExFAT" if you want it to be compatible with Mac & PC - Click "Done" It is literally that simple.
Nice HD display. Fast startup and long battery life. Sometimes has trouble with buffering on streaming video. A concerning thing is that a message popped up from the OS today that said in 2020 Flash Player would no longer be supported.
Isnt exactly shaped like a regular PS4 controller so it cant be used on some charger stands but still a good controller
Excellent, good looking but seems that the lid doesn't close exactly with the base.
Pretty good mod to controller. Only things I'd like it if the stops would stop a little higher than what it currently does.
Very smooth, great tracking. A great mouse pad and the XXL version is the ideal size for low sens gaming. If it had a stitched edge then it would be perfect.
This little fan is likeable. Works great and comes with a LED light which is helpful. I also contact customer service and they were very helpful.
Like that they retract. It is very important to remember to pull both ends at the same time to extend and retract or it will not retract correctly.
Nice cable, heavy quality, but will not transfer audio!
Took a second to realize how to set it up. Also, if you're traveling with it makes sure you have an extra battery. It's a battery sucker
Works great just can't seem to get the words in English mode its all in Chinese
I like it. I have a usb adapter and first plugged it in there but made my third monitor all wonky. So plugged into main computer and fixed the issue. It works and does the job it's supposed to so i'm happy.
Nice antenna but it will work with any routers. The seller is amazing and helpful with the order and suggestions. Thanks.
Fits perfect but that's it, no room for anything else. Cute,light. Took a little while to received it.
Works great, only part I don't care for is that the bottom cover wants to slip off sometimes
Received on time and in perfect condition.
Very light, very sleek. There is some slight wobble on the stand connection, but it's only noticeable if you actually move the monitor by hand (in other words, I never notice it). At this size, I think 1440p is really the right resolution - 1080p is a stretch for text (especially if you're using a high dpi second screen). If you're watching videos, it doesn't really matter. And there's nothing on the market (except maybe for steep sale discounts) that gives that resolution at this size for this price. Viewing angles are good, and so is color. Would give 4.5/5 stars (decided which way to round on a coin flip).
The groin leather is the standout, with shoulder strap comfortable. Leather is not stiff but very flexible.
I'll be completely honest, when I first put the mouse pad down and tried using it, I felt a little jipped. The wrist-rest felt too firm, my hand-positioning seemed to be negatively effected, and raised edges looked to be restraining. Only two days later though, and all those problems have gone away. The wrist-rest has formed to fit my wrist, my hand now actually feels better in this position than it did on my prior flat mouse pad, and the edges have actually been really useful to me (in fairness for this one, the only thing I really use my computer for is web browsing, writing, and gaming, and the prior two don't require much mouse movement, and I have my settings customized for the latter where the restricted space isn't really a downside) in not making wild gestures with my mouse. I do think the entry barrier is a bit steep, but once I got used to it the mouse-pad became wonderful. A lot of the lower ratings focus around how they "immediately" knew that it wasn't for them, and while I don't know whether or not they would've liked it had they spent more time with it, I know that I did, so consider that as you will.
Looks cheap. Sounds good though.
This is the best Bluetooth keyboard I have bought yet. But the usb power cord was not in the box or in the ups box I don't think it ever made it into the box at all. I also have noticed that if I hit the space bar a little to hard it goes more than I want it to. Also its a little heavier than I thought it would be
Work's great. Only issues it sometimes on rare and random times it will just shut down. Its happend twice. Other then that it's perfectly fine. My husband and I love using it. Runs smooth with even the larger games.
Likes: works very well. Dislikes: the instructions aren't easy to understand.
Can fit my school computer or my macbook air
I didn't pay enough attention to the title of the product. It wasn't a fit for my computer but loved the case and reordered the right size.
Good Product but Clips broke 1st time I removed iPad Pro.
As expected. My fit bit didn't charge on the short cord for some reason, but I'm not sure it was the item that was the problem. It charges fine with the longer one.
I give this controller props for being comfortable in my hands, it felt natural and reminded me of my wired controller I have for the switch The reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because it took me forever to try and figure out how to get it paired (even with the instructions) luckily it did stay paired after the initial pairing so I'm glad for that and have been using it for playing now with no issue
I really like the installation process vs. any other screen protector that I have tried. Very smooth. It did not work with my existing case, as the case would push up the edge of the screen protector so I had to buy a smart cover for my ipad. Shaving a little bit off of the corners of the screen protector might have allowed it to work with my ipad cover that covers the back as well.
I am super happy with my purchase and highly recommend!
Buying expensive electronics online is always a gamble. Thankfully I dont entirely regret this purchase. Screen quality, battery life, portability, speakers and touch screen are all great. However, recently I noticed the HDMI port doesnt work properly. Either no signal is detected or the image flickers. The only fix has been buying an adapter which is annoying since one of the main reasons I chose this was because it has a HDMI port. It does have wireless display connection, but it lags and will time out after awhile. Perhaps this issue is because my laptop isn't compatible with my specific TV. Either way its upsetting. Other than that everything runs smoothly and Im still happy with my purchase.
Not the easiest thing to get going, but once you get it figured out it works great!!! You have to download an app. The instructions are not very clear on the package. I had to google everything. But it does work! And makes quick work of uploading shots instantly.
Works as it should. We'll see if there will be any problems in the future. Ready for loosing one star is because I ordered 3 but only 2 arrived. Had to contact customer service to get refund and having to wait almost a week to get replacement.
My only complaint so far is that the pen sent with the surface does not work
I used 3 batteries over 2 weeks. Keyboard works 85% of time. Dead the rest. Mouse is fine. Not worth packing for return - and I hope it gets better. I have a "reserve" corded keyboard - so I make a quick substitution. it worked fine the first week............................. RY
easy application, and I like that I can remove the privacy shield when I don't need it
Case was good quality, everything was made to perfection Face ID works, Speaker holes are we're they need to be you can still easily access the charging port. My son actually dropped the iPad (by accident) 3 feet of the ground and it survived with no scratches/cracks or damage to the screen. although I do recommend a good screen protector.
It fits good and does what it's supposed to do. One thing I'd admit, I forgot I had it on and spent about 20 minutes troubleshooting why my VR wasnt working.. then it hit me, I have the cover on.. doh!!
It didn't fit my iPad properly. My fault and terribly bummed I had to send it back!
I ordered the international version, and I even called amazon to make sure and get the international version. However, I got the US version and I am leaving the country in two days and I really need the item, not a refund. Amazon just offered my a refund and I don't think is the best way to go.
Installed this on my son old MacBook and wow what a difference in performance and it recognize it right away. so far no issues.
It works as expected and very convenient to plug in/out everything(HDMI, USB, Power) I need in a go. The downsides are that if left plugged it draws power from the machine and tend to drain the battery and it gets hot when used for a long time.
This is the best (xbox) like controller it's premium but huge it won't fit any hand's so if your hand not big enough this is not for you
Nothing bad against the seller. I got what I paid for. It is old and slow. Windows 10 stinks
I purchased this item for my dad, who loved the large screen. Sometimes runs SLOW. He uses it for games and search the web.
its a bit big but once i put a case over my laptop that might fill up any space. I just bought it to protect my laptop while its in my backpack from any dust or scratches. it serves it purpose.
funny fact did not even know it was touch screen till you asked..lol
The adaptor looks well built and works without any problems. It would be useful to mention in the product description that it is compatible to Thunderbolt 1 and 2, but not Thunderbolt 3, which does not use Mini Display port.
Works great plug and play
Works great when it works. My PowerBook 5300 did not detect it but a 3 year newer 2400 did without issue.
These are great devices, usable with both PCs and MACs, but not necessarily both. I've had no negative issues with them on either system.
I would give a five star review but one of the items fell apart upon opening the package. Everything else is great. Most of the clothes fit well and my daughter enjoys dressing up her barbies.
Works as expected, but only for around 10 months.
Product cheaply made.
the product isnt bad. its a cheap drawing pad something id recomend for a new digital artist with no prior art history. it does as well as any other screenless tablets and has lasted quite a while. I dont use it as much for drawing anymore looking into getting a tablet with a screen. the thing is durrable though ive been using it as a dinner mat for a couple of months now and it still works when i wanna paint something.
just received yesterday so can't speak to durability but they look well made.
This has been a good product. Helped my workflow and kept my pencil from rolling away on me. Comfortable to hold. Only negative is that it stretches out and now, 5 months later, is so loose I can't write without it sliding up my pencil.
Has a very unique bass sound, it sounds like the bass is further away from the ear, I have mixed feelings about that, the headset itself is uncomfortable because of the height of the ear pieces
If you have an older monitor it works for a display and works on several types of connectors
Good laptop as per price range but the screen quality not good, lags up a bit, battery too much low hardly gives 2 hours of backup for full battery charge
Good enough for the money. One broke after 6 months.
pros. Its very adjustable, has good sound quality, mic can be moved out of the way, like the headline said its very comfy, very easy to take out of the packing, and it comes with a easy to read manual cons. It has way too much wire, the mic and headset have different plugs but it comes with a dual connector, and mine had a problem with the wire. I think it's a good buy and i would suggest it, the product itself is very good when it works (but my mic didn't so I returned it). :-/
For some of my job, being able to use a keyboard away from a PC where the monitor may be in a completely different spot, or the switch box to change PC's connected to the keyboard and monitor being out. -1 Star due to the dongle inside not being held in place by the clip, and just slides around the inside of the keyboard when its not plugged into a PC
The clicking on this mouse is quiet, and the scroll wheel glides effortlessly. The connectivity is strong too, which is important to me with a wireless mouse. My only complaint, and this might just be something that I do, is when I click with the scroll wheel to open a link in a new tab, it'll jump down from whatever I'm trying to click on. Again, that might just be something that I do, but that aside, this is one of the best computer mice I've bought in a long time.
So far no problems have not had longer enough.
These are much smaller than some of the others I have seen. Used on my wife's chromebook and my laptop. Works well. I would prefer one a little large though.
Bought this to specifically run my battery powered behringer bluetooth speakers. Yesterday was cinco de mayo and we ran the speakers connected to the oasis plus for 7 hours. Pairing both speakers was as easy as can be. The voice was a nice touch to audibly let you know that the speakers have been paired. Connected my computer to the input connection via the headphone port and we were up and running in no time. The only reason I'm giving four and not five stars is because half way through last night I lost connection to one of the speakers. Could not determine if it was speaker or bluetooth transmitter. Turned everything off and reset. Everything reconnected as before and we were off and running again. I've only used it for about 10 hours total so far, but compared to other products I have used this is the best by far.
These work fine. The fit to the micro usb is loose, but I haven't had any problems other than the occasional slipping out when I pick up my phone.
Sound is great! Material could be better the ear cups easily broke down and instantly was uncomfortable if I were to suggest any other headphones at a similar price it would be the RIG 500 pro
I like the anti-glare it was a good value the first try didn't work but the second one went on ok
Great Value and they all worked for me. I put a little electrical tape to hold them to the mini usb and no issues!
Nice design. The keyboard cover was slightly bent in shipping. Just set it under a book for a day and then applies.
Great housing. Lights looks nice and does what it's suppose to. Only giving it 4 cause it had a couple scuff marks on the paint. Otherwise great product.
At first I waa skeptical about how this would work, but my son wanted one for his room. It is a great size and fits well in your hands. My son was able to follow the instructions and set it up easily. Its connected to his TV and and computer. It really came in handy with his final essays for school and he was typing while laying back and being comfortable. It is very convenient.
Good for console gaming. Went back to my 24 inch for competitive play tho
I had the bag for about 3-4 months before it broke (but I am pretty rough on bags). It was perfect while it lasted. 100% would buy again.
Product works well for the price. It came very fast. If I need further electronic items you will be one I would look to first. Thank you for your prompt service.
it charges my surface, does what i expect.
My bad! I hope I've ordered the right one, no problem, this one is great...should do fine for small storage purposes.
I purchased it for my desktop computer. Sound quality is good and clear. Blue light is nice. It is good for this price.
My son is an intermediate illustrator and this tool works perfect for him. Along with the software available, this drawing pad is very helpful!
Looks great takes some time to get use to
A good replacement for my Apple external CD drive, which failed. Seems a bit flimsy in construction but works well.
I love this drive. It works great. However, I am pretty disappointed with WD that they don't include a backup application with it. They do have a backup application you can download from their site for use with most of their external drives, but it specifically does not work with the Elements series. Other than that, the drive itself has been just fine.
Nice product, works well on all of my electronics and there were enough to take to the office keep in my purse and around the house.
Works ok - I find I have to wipe it on my palm periodically to get it to "wake up" sometimes. I try to use it and it is like it is not connected to the laptop - wipe it on my palm and suddenly it tracks on the screen. Update - while I consider the issue with the device to be slight annoyance, the seller has gone above and beyond to try and provide customer satisfaction. So for that they get a 4-star review.
It needs a guide book!!
It's an attractive case. It doesn't close completely without some manipulation of the cover thus my 4 star rating.
cannot rate battery life, just got it, still getting use to it.
This would be great for a flatter mouse, didn't meet my need for a tiny, standard shape design, had to return it unfortunately.
Good case, fits securely, all button ports are aligned correctly. The color is a bit darker than on my monitor, but it is quite pretty and the magnets worked as they are supposed to. I wish the stylus loop was not on the outer edge.
Left large box in the middle of the driveway!! Totally unacceptable no plastic bag or nothing. The small one in the door with screen door left wide open. To top it all it is a rainy day. Totally unacceptable. My product better not be damaged . You have star I have not open yet to see how it is.
It's just a modem. But the modem works great. I gave it 4 stars just for the bad advertisement, but I really like it
Received the product in just a couple days and was fully charged out of the box. The set up process was simple and encountered little issues. A few days later and it is still working fine and doing what we got it for. Simple internet browsing and small games are fine with this product. Only annoyance I had was that navigating the pad can feel a little choppy; not as smooth smoothing as I would have liked.
great product, very easy to pair, great range
Not ready yet to transfer data from old computer and try it out. Arrived in excellent protective factory box and Amazon shipping package so looks good so far.
Nice, small and sturdy construction. Wish the base is adjustable (via inserts) so that it can fit my MBP better.
Everything ok with this purchase..the product is very good, it solved my problems with laptop charger
I purchased this device for my 2017 MacBook Pro. All ports work as advertised and would be given 5 stars except it tends to get very hot while in use.
Easy to assemble. I really like that they provided a place to hold the allen wrenches.
Did exactly what I needed.
Us it primarily to take pictures to third party for developing. I also temporarily store programs and picture folders on it. Just the right size for simple little things.
I give this seller a lot more credit, better then the last i had ordered. This one was a lot more professional. Came in a package from logitec both envelope and inside package. As for the actual product itself, have to see weather it stays together for the long hall, the last did not. So this will have to be updated further.
Just received this yesterday. Have used with SD Card and Sony Memory Stick. Worked well.
One controller came with a broken button, but we needed it so we kept it. It still works just a little uncomfortable to use.
product was as described, but I was no impresed due the fact is pretty bulky and not the best quality
This product has a nice range of size capabilities. It allows me to read at a more convenient angle while walking on the treadmill.
yes it works well for my iPad 3. the only thing is that it wasn't new, its a second hand one and i didn't see that in the description
Great headset only problem really is that here and there the cord wants to go to its natural state witch it round
It was really good for the most part....it did freeze on me a few times with the internet being unresponsive. But everything else is great I like the sensitive reflection I get because I know when someone is watching my screen...which is a great feature to have! I would recommend this to a friend the other thing is once I put it to tablet mode I don't know why the on screen keyboard doesnt automatically come up when I need to type...I even tried fixing it on setting and came to a dead end. Overall I really like it and I am very happy about the size it comes in.
Padding is nice. Front pocket fits the macbook 13" (2017) charger, cable and a USB C hub. I wouldn't want to put too much pressure on the pouch as it could damage the laptop. Zipper sticks, so I can only use one side, but thats not a horrible thing, just I guess what you get for the cost savings over a retail shop. Color is nice and very well-made other than the zipper sticking.
My granddaughter loves it
Is a bit too big for my Macintosh PowerBook.
The laptop is sleek, light, and thin for all of the tech that is (potentially) inside of it. I have had it for two months, and the quality and battery life has remained high. The mouse is responsive and has a short, satisfying click. My only gripes would be with durability and longevity. The fabric-coated deck of the laptop has held up well to moderate use, but is susceptible to stains and peeling up at the edges. It is comfortable and smooth otherwise. Also, the exterior of the laptop is matte aluminum, and is an absolute magnet for scratches; a case is a must. The screen, being a touch screen, gets covered in fingerprints easily. The keyboard is satisfying to type on; the keys are somewhat quiet and have a reasonable throw for a laptop so thin. I have had no issues with the software on the laptop, nor issues with overheating. Overall, I would absolutely buy this again. I would consider the Surface the Windows equivalent to a base-level MacBook Pro.
Pretty great computer given the price. It's a little flimsy but considering the light weight and that it's convertible, it's expected. It's glitchy when its in tent mode, but besides that it's fine. Overall good computer , esp. for students
The first dongle I received did not work. Their customer service people sent a replacement right away and this one worked immediately after a restart. It seems to work consistently without any trouble after a few days of use. So when this product works, it seems to work well. I suppose they need to work on their quality control a little. If you're okay with maybe having to get a replacement, I'd say go for this one. previous review The one I got is not functional. It will work as a bluetooth adapter for a few minutes and then just stop working. I'm trying to set this up on a brand new modern PC so that probably isn't the problem. I've tried multiple ports, restarting, the works. I used to work in IT and now work in software so I could get this to work if it was possible.
Having trouble learning how to use it
works great, not to hot, palm warm, but fingers still cold
Let me first say that this mouse was the perfect shape, weight, and in my opinion the ideal mouse for any FPS. It just isn't compatible with the microsoft surfacebook 2. It freezes and jumps around every so often.
Great Picture, Great Price, Great Tech support, Poor Reliability and its only that last one that got it down to 4 stars. I am on my 3rd monitor in 6th months, BUY! the extended warranty. Anyway, if you can deal with the hassle of mailing it in and waiting and all of that then its the best monitor out there. I am very sensitive to color quality and these monitors have been as good as 1000 dollar professional monitors. Its got handy features and everything else. I just hope I dont have to buy a extra one to keep a working one around.
I like the touchscreen capability. This is my first non-Apple device and I am satisfied. It is also a back-up to my husband's HP laptop.
I ordered this battery to replace the one in my laptop. It worked great for several months and I have been very satisfied with its performance. I do need to purchase another one soon since it is starting to lose its charging ability. It is not meant to permanently replace your battery, so you will likely need to purchase another after a while. I received my order in a timely manner and was satisfied with the packaging. I do recommend purchasing this battery if you're looking for one!
This usb flash drive stick has the storage memory I need for next month. We will have a big family reunion. Having this usb flash drive stick will be easier to save and share our photos to each others. It small size, making storing more easy and convenient.
Just want to thank the seller for thier great costumer service..had an issue with battery not staying changed,contacted seller and they send me replacement battery right way...so now laptop seems its working as it should. So super duper happy with the purchases...thanks
Decent product, good price. Already showing some signs of wear in a relatively short period of time, but I am pretty tough on keyboards, so that is probably ok. It is fairly loud, but this is to be expected for this type of keyboard. Very good price, so if it fails I will just replace it.
Slow, but very reliable. I use it for documents and temporary back up of larger media files. So far so good.
Not as fast ad some other brand, but great value and a name I have trusted for years.
It's great but I wish it would come with the full 64 instead of 57
Great product and the price is much less expensive than the sum of the parts. CONS: The fans on this system are extremely loud. As a streamer this is not good for me. I will be changing the fans. PROS: Everything else. The shipping packaging was solid, they did a great job of securing the parts. After following the Windows OS instructions and updating the GPU drivers I was ready to stream again!
Very light I like it
Love it. USB port for cell charger is genius. Outlet wire could be longer, so that weight of heavy square price can actually sit on higher surfaces. I DJ, and it's annoying that it's so short
I have a gaming laptop that runs a bit hot so I figured I could get a laptop stand that allows more airflow (the laptop's air intake is on the bottom). This stand is much to tall for that use case, but I see how it can be useful for some as it could help those that use a laptop in an office environment and don't have a docking station. I would give five stars if this were adjustable.
Fair price. All parts pictured were included. Installed and works as advertised.
Easy to use, and great selection of colors!
Works awesome when using the bedroom as a catch up office. Height works out great for eyes and arms/hands
Perfect fit for new iPad 2018. Product came quickly and easy to install. Love the pattern. Protects well
I really like this, but encountered an unexpected factor in its use. The gap between "pillow" rows (that keeps body heat from building up) are spaced too far apart. I'm about 6 foot tall, and the way this desk sits on my legs places the farthest pillow row partially beyond my knee. It doesn't make for a very confident or stable arrangement and I wish that pillow was closer by a couple of inches. Someone with short legs is going to be in an even worse predicament. I can stretch my legs out on an ottoman and can use this, but I have to take extra care if I'm sitting normally, which is not relaxing or comfortable.
Nice case. I like it
The case is a perfect fit and does not block any part of the screen or speaker. And it is nice to have the option to stand the tablet up for watching movies. However the keyboard will not stay connected. If the tablet is inactive for more than a couple of minutes, then the keyboard has to pair again. Every time.
Good quality, did the job
I really like this product... it will keep my cap secure protect my pencil from drops. However I ordered yellow and the color I received was a chartreuse. Is that a big enough problem to bother sending it back... no. Good value. Useful.
No regrets. The monitor is awesome. Gaming is silly smooth and the curve looks pretty good. It's hard to notice but still nice. The design is basic but looks good. It comes with a display prot cable which was awesome for me. The only complaint is that I still am not sure about color accuracy. I'll have to look into settings more but I feel like it isn't perfect.
This company reached out me for review around 4 times! Thanks for spam. Backpack looks and works fine but I'm concerned about zippers quality, I expect they won't last long, otherwise nice backpack.
Not much to say about a case. It works, looks good and feels pretty sturdy. Fits a little tight but not bad.
It is a very nice quality. The case is ideal except it needs to be one half inch wider. My Samsung tablet fits in it except the right hand side is obscured by the side of the cover for about a half an inch. Other than that it is almost perfect. My tablet does fit in it.
Works just fine. Wish it had a way to lock open. I use it a lot on my lap. It has been very convenient for all the reports I have to write for work.
This cover does what it's supposed to but it stretches out after a few months so that it doesn't stay put on the keyboard. I end up either having one side off the keys or having a large bulge in the middle. At this price, will probably plan to replace it occasionally. The colored parts also wear off over time.
So far so good. I got what was advertised and it seems to be working fine
Great vertical stand for PS4 Pro. Fan works great and the extra USB ports are really nice. The charge stations for the controllers connect much easier and charge far faster than the Sony branded first party controller dock. The only complaint from me is that I wish the indicator lights dimmed while in stand-by mode because my PS4 Pro stays in my bedroom.
I use this when I fly to watch my downloaded movies. It works great and the patter is super cute.
Works as expected, though it's sometimes hard to get the controllers onto the charger. It looks nice sitting next to the ps4 and the other electronics I have, and doesn't take up a lot of space. I am pleased with the purchase.
I am using this mouse now as I type this response, and I am pleased with it.
Warning DOES NOT FIT PS4 PRO without alteration, docked one star for needing to use my Exacto knife on it. Besides the fitting issue it does what it's meant to do and its cheap.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Just got these today and not yet on the rifle. They look great. Well built, sturdy, good finish. The only thing until I try these is that I, personally, would have liked the rear peeps and front post where much more flat colored. When I shot U.S.P.S.A. handgun, we used to actual carbon the sight so there was no chance of any glare. These look to be more on the semi shade. Manufacture could save on cost by doing away with the wooden box but it cool and will come in handy for something. Thanks! I think better that composite.
Good bag!! Husband enjoys it for basketball!
The band is super comfortable. It stays secure on my wrist and is easy to put on and remove. My only issue is that I could've used the smaller size, but that's on me not the seller
I bought this because it said it was formatted for an Apple computer.. it was not.. there were directions to make it work, but I was fooled into thinking it would work without extra configuration..
Good price, doesn't really run your battery down too fast.
Slow in switching but work well
It's quite fast in 5G band and has a strong signal.
Great Product!! There is nothing like a new keyboard. The keys are responsive and the fact that its washable is a bonus feature
Love the backpack good for the price I recommend it from for women and medium men I'm very happy.
Not sure they work that well.
I like the product, the only issue is it times out after not being in use for 5 or minutes.
Worked as advertised.
THe keyboard is solid, Keystrokes have good vertical travel. Its quiet and not heavy. The mouse is also good but the USB receiver needs to be within 10 inches.
I would give 5 stars but my monitor came with 2 dead pixels. other than that it is perfect. Would have preferred display port instead of HDMI tho.
You get what you pay for. This item isn't as perfect as an actual $100 smart watch but it functions well. It glitches and closes out sometimes, but it does what I wanted to do, and it has a camera which is pretty cool
I bought this to replace the one I had for my Toshiba laptop, got here quickly and works like a charm!
Good budget gaming mouse. I recommend.
it is working well. sometimes it does not want to wake up, but eventually it does. It is heavier than my old one. My big toe can still fee it.
This style is a weird one off one that I thought I was going to have to pay a lot for, so I was glade to find a cheaper option that seems to be of good quality.
I wish the pack contained more of the smaller sizes fewer of the large. They keep cords securely wrapped
Got this to cover/protect my new MacBook Pro (new to me.). I love the design and how the keyboard cover matches. I do wish that the keyboard cover also covered the top row of keys (I know its so it works with the Touch Bar model.). The keyboard cover fit is just a little off, leaving a bump at the bottom that I cannot get rid of, but I can deal. I wish the top cover had a spot for the apple to show through and the case was more translucent, but after searching for a design I loved, this hit the mark the best. *It came with stand stickers that I'm not quite sure what to do with. I'm also not adding the screen protector because I'm afraid of messing it up.
Easy to set up - less than 5 minutes for both extender and plug with iPad app. Works great; no more dropped signals with my smart plugs. Alexa can always access all of my smart plugs now. The downside is that the extender is large and as mentioned by another reviewer it takes up both wall sockets. And, it is always very warm to the touch even when the smart plug portion is off. The other downside is that it's positioned sideways in my socket with the lights facing downward - difficult to see. Would still recommend based on performance and ease of setup.
I ordered one in September to use for my new Mac Book Pro. I use it everyday for work as I need to work off of a external hard drive. In April I had to contact their customer service and informed them that it was no longer reading into my computer as it would disconnect on its own and lose connection. They sent me a new one to replace at no cost. Great customer service. I love this product, hopefully my new one does not malfunction.
Cherry red switches have a good feel.
Thought i purchased the gigabit product. Instead purchased the Ethernet device. Review your order before buying.
The only thing that I did not like about this this was the rubber for the keys. I don't use it anymore but the case it's self is great.
I've been using these fans for the past 3 months now. My only complaint is that 1 of the 5 rubs the fan case so that I get a super obnoxious sound. The fan doesn't appear to struggle turning still but that sound alone is enough to make any sane person crazy. Unfortunately, the rub started up consistently right after the return window closed so I am stuck with an annoying sound or no 5th fan.
Responsive buttons and robust options for mouse profiles. Though it remains an ambidextrous mouse; the extra side grips allow for left and right hand configuration. The problems I have with the mouse are the sharp edges of the m1 and 2 buttons. After 30 minutes I had a red impression in my ring finger. Secondly, the m4 and 5 buttons are small and difficult to grab. I would suggest a broader, smoother outside edge for mouse 1 and 2. Also, a turned down wide button for mouse 4 and 5.
Nice and smooth i really am enjoy it
The install went good up until I went to put the swivel vents in. The center slot that the plastic keeper goes into was not wide enough to accept it. The color matched my interior.
Love the unit. But you can find it a lot cheaper at the manuf. website. Very simple to use and setup. No complaints there.
Super basic but reliable power supply
amazing gaming laptop but it can get too hot when gaming, and that's a little annoying because I had to do an undervolt and my temperature decreased as my fps.
Touchpad can be quirky to use at times, but it works great for the computer I have hooked up to my TV in living room.. I also wish it had a second shift button on right hand side.
Mine is not buried in a case. It's at a little over head height, and I walk past it daily. It's not obnoxiously loud, but it is louder than the previous fan I had. There's a noticeable difference between 30 db and 26 db. If this were buried, I would probably be completely satisfied. But, exposed and in a location you walk past, you'll notice it ever time.
I bought this for my MacBook Air and it works great! Took me a while to figure out that once you've downloaded the software, just go to your military portal and log in because it works. I thought I'd see a desktop icon but not always, and that's what it actually says in the FAQ in the user manual.
Cool and works great. I bought several for team members. The blue illumination is not perfectly balanced left to right but for the price it rocks!!!
I used my old wireless keyboard long enough that some of the keys started sticking on me. So far I'm happy with this one although I would like to see a more concave design on the key positions for better ergonomics.
As others said, it's hard to tighten it up, but possible. Plastic ring comes off easily and it's actually good because it allows you to improve this sensor easily. The thing is, that sensor inside covered in foam which insulate the heat not in a good way. So, if you'll remove the ring, you'll see a stripe of foam that should be there to push the sensor against the metal wall of the fitting. Peal and cut the piece of foam that that covers inner side of the sensor, and stick it on top of the foam on outer side right above. Clean the inner side of the sensor with alcohol and put the drop of the thermal paste on the inner side. Then put everything back. Just make sure that you placed the foam peace (that you cut) correctly, so sensor is pushed well against the metal wall. Enjoy
True to color and size. Easy to put on. Wish the foam was just a tad more sturdy. Overall good product.
Would like it to be a little more heavy material
So far so good! It has really come in handy for adding protection to my laptop!
Silent as you would expect a computer fan to be. Though I am unaware if this is the norm, the slots for the screws on the fan are not threaded, the screws that come with it are designed to create this threading as they are screwed in. This proccess is not easy to perform, but it is easy to mess up.
works great. no longer resetting issue from previous router.
Packaging was not good. Too much wiggling in the box. Huge box with not enough cushioning material inside. The person who is packaging the material has no clue of what he is doing.
Case is holding up very well. I've had it for over 18 months, I believe. The only issue is that the rubber at the bottom of the case to keep the iPad from slipping when propped up, fell off less than a month after purchase.
Seems like a very good computer once McAfee got rid of the virus that was hiding in one drive drive and therefore the computer.
I would expect something that costs almost $50 to last longer than 32 days. It seemed to work fine at first but now it will not stay connected to the computer. The "Q" almost continually flashes as if it is trying to be discovered, the computer says it is connected but suddenly all the keys will stop working or stop working correctly. I got this for my husband as a gaming keyboard so he could just relax and be able to see the keys but instead he ends up being totally frustrated because suddenly he cannot do anything. Sometimes if you plug it in, or unplug it if it is plugged in, it will goose it to work for a few minutes before it goes out again. It is charged up, the computer connection says it is charged to 100%. If you turn the bluetooth off and just plug it in, it will work as a wired keyboard but the connection is loose so you have to be very careful to keep it plugged in. Of course this happens right after the 30 day return period is up. $46 is not something we have to just throw away on stuff so I am really unhappy. Update: The seller was very helpful and found the keyboard to be obviously defective. Even though it worked for a short time something is wrong with the bluetooth in it. They replaced the keyboard immediately even though it was a couple days past the return window. The replacement seems to be working as intended--so far. We are very happy with this keyboard when it is working and I expect the replacement to continue to do so. It has seemed happier from the very start and the charging cord sits in the socket much more securely. The original defective one had more than one issue which the replacement does not seem to have. Changed up to 4 star because of the good service and because the replacement seems to be in good shape. Would have been 5 star except for the stress and hassle. Seller got a 5 star rating for good service.
I had some older laptops that I wanted to use but their drives were not compatible with what I needed. So I took a chance in this before scrapping some still potentially useful laptops. Pros: - light - compact with usb being able to be tucked and clipped underneath - quick - my older laptops recognized them. - cool aluminum case, looks much more expensive than the generic plastic black ones Cons: - nit pick but the usb line is short....which is a must if it allows you to clip and store it underneath - nit pick, aluminum is only sides and top, not all around to bottom I'd buy it again. It has been versatile and a good value so far.
I liked that the product worked as described
Works fine. Directions for the various buttons would be helpful.
They are working. Cost was minimal. "Fabric" feels thin and flimsy. They sag with shoes in them but do the job. Love the little drawer-like space in the bottom for gloves and hats. Material wipeable. Does not smell when removing from package. May not last long but perfect for extra shoes.
Great as a second monitor
For the price, it works pretty well & it's easily portable. Only two complains: 1) overheating after light use 2) battery life is three hours at most, so you need to carry the charger around. Neither is a dealbreaker for me. I use it as a backup PC to my MacBook Pro, and it serves its purpose well.
This is being used as a trade show giveaway. Not as a serious mouse. But it great for entertainment or kids. We give away bottles of wine also. These go between the bottles of wine. Do you want wine or a new car?
Holds up great for protection! My only complaint is that after about a year of having it, the case doesn't close right anymore. I would expect more from otter box.
Works perfect on pc very fast, not shipped on retail package .
Good product! It does exactly what I wanted it to do... PROTECTS MY IPAD FROM MY CRAZY 2 YEAR OLD!! I have tried other cases from this brands other brand and I think there are others that I like a little bit better but all in all, this is a good quality product for a great price... Now only if I had an apple pen to put inside the cases back pocket lol
great light, my husband complains even the dimmest seeing is too bright
Bought cables in September, the cables look great and worked fine for a couple of months until one stopped working. Customer service was responsive when I contacted them and sent a replacement. The replacement stopped working after a month, but they said they will send another replacement. So far, one of my original cables is still going strong. I don't move the cables much, just leave them plugged in to adaptor in the outlet and resting on the table ready to charge phones.
Works as well as expected... Very patriotic!
I ordered a siker replacement battery for my early 2011 15" MBP. It came and worked great for about 6 weeks and then went totally dead. Luckily, the Siker people reached out for a review and when I told them of my issues promptly replaced the battery without any questions or issues. Fingers crossed that the new unit lives a long happy life. So far so good, but I will update my report if there are further issues.
I am very pleased with this product, very easy to setup and works well
I really liked the color and being able to protect my IPad. I don't really think the stand works all that well.
So far its been great. I like the fact it has a % display on screen. Feels solid and built well. I would buy this again.
I definitely love the look of the case but its a pain to put on. I would definitely suggest to leave this case on as much as possible or the plastic edges that clip it place are sure to break. I love that this case came with a key board cover as I hear these new macbook pro's are prone to keyboard issues, however it will change the way the typing feels so get ready for an adjustment period. Lastly I also appreciate the screen protector however it does cause a ton of glare in dim areas with partial lighting, I know it sounds weird but the brighter the room the better it seems to look as long as the light source is not behind you. Either way you're going to get a lot of glare if you use the screen protector.
I like the color feels good in my hands while I'm playing my game a good purchase
For Mac users: Don't believe people who say the unified receiver won't lag. It sure does for me. I seem to have fixed my problem with lag by moving the receiver to one of more coveted front USB 3 ports on my machine. I think it has to do with moving it away from the bluetooth and wifi cards in the machine. Hope this helps someone.
I have a 2 monitor with a 42" TV as my 3rd monitor.. So i use this for laying in bed and navigating netflix, youtube ect.. Its close to perfect for that.. But the black-light on the back of the remote doesn't illuminate the alt keys that include the numbers.. That was the big disappointment me.. The accuracy is usable for what i use it for, but i wouldn't try to navigate windows with it.. So if your looking for a couch or bed setup so you don't have to cuddle with a full size keyboard, this is perfect!!!
Rotate the ball clockwise or counterclockwise to scroll up or down the page. I thought the silver edge did this, but I was wrong. This performs fine. The driver from the website did not work, windows driver did work.
The battery life is not as long as i'd hope but I love the design. It's not very fast but it definitely is not as slow as i had anticipated. I have only being using it a few weeks now however.
Decent external case. It's as simple as it can be. It basically has a slide off cover, you put your SSD in the slot and that's it. Nothing fancy. All plastic housing. It seems pretty cheap, but it works.
Went on easy, however did not contain guide stickers as described in the instructions.
I haven't found any dislikes other than the power plugin is a little misaligned. It was very easy to setup. I use it for mainly games.
I had this product for about a year now and I love it. It has a protective space for my laptop, an area for my heavy textbooks and plenty of pockets that I can store both my toiletries and my snacks. The straps feel fine on my shoulders especially for the amount of weight that is in my backpack. This bag can definitely endure weight and use over time.This is definitely worth the money.
Quick shipping, items as described. Not sure about sturdiness and durability, 1st use few days ago, so far is good
Replacement internal HDD for my PS4. I previously had a 2Tb bought from an upgrade website so I'm not sure of the brand it was, either way it failed on me after a year or so. So far the Firecuda has worked fine so far with no major issues.
Great iPad case, but the textured surface gets dirty/stained so easily.
Look the only reason why I rate this four stars, its because the plastic near the volume doesn't fit correctly I had to cut and adjust it. Beside that Perfect.
Great product for the price. Cancels out sound well and sounds pretty good at high volume. Do make sure to buy an adapter as well if you have a standard xbox one controller.
Good product at a good price.
Very good Tablet ...
When researching whether I should get this or not alot of the Youtube videos said that buying a MacBook Air in 2018 may not be worth it due to the quality of the screen and that some of the Mac offerings were much better, given that they had USB-C ports etc. Im not a fan of all the usb dongles and adapters and prefer working with a straight up 3.0 USB port. I also want to be able to transfer pics (gigabytes at a time) from my dslr to my computer at any time and as such I use SD cards. So this laptop with its SD card slot and usb ports work great for me. With respect to the SD card though please note that your standard dslr card only fits halfway through the SD card reader on the air. The screen is obviously not "retina" quality but is fairly decent. The computer loads pretty quickly and and the battery life is amazing (one of they key reasons I bought this) easily powers through that long meeting or workshop..which comes in handy when everyone else is hogging up the few power outlets available.
Works and easy setup
The kick stand only works in the horizontal position so do not use very much.
its a solid keyboard and good for the price but the only issue i have with it is the red finish on the outside with the keyboard. it kinda forces you to stick with a red back-light.
Nice product for the new IPad
I got the bag yesterday and the quality is great! It arrived way earlier than expected, which I appreciate. I bought this as a birthday present to myself. I am planning on using it as a larger purse rather than a laptop bag. I purchased the *one size* bag and it definitely isn't big enough to carry a standard size laptop. There are only 2 issues I really have with the product and these are more for personal preference than actual issues with the bag; the strap is not long enough for me to wear as a cross-body purse. Also, there are not enough pockets. Again, these are personal preferences and I can look past these issues because it is a functional bag and I can carry what I need.
I love the bag! It has so much storage space and pockets. The only thing I question is the zipper... it seems a little cheap but maybe it's just me.
The stylus works pretty good. Feels like holding a real pen. My main usage is for my clients to sign their name on square app. Try it on few drawing apps it's pretty smooth. Two things maybe need improvement are the cap magnet need to be stronger because it can come off very easily. Second is the tip of the stylus. If you use it to type it makes loud tapping noise when you hit the screen. Unlike the rubber tip ones it is silent.
Went on easy and clean the size didn't match the tablet as stated
I like the compact size and not laying on the floor. Keeps my cable modem and WIFI router cords right against the wall and not on the floor
Plugging in a USB is a little stiff but good product otherwise
Cable is just 1 cm short for my XFX R7 370. I have to cut the cable to solder the cable of my broken fan as an extension.
Kinda squashed. But still cool.
Like the keyboard. Only distraction is that sometimes there is a delay between the keystroke and when the computer engages. But for that the keyboard would be "perfect."
The case offers proper protection to my laptop; however, it was not the easiest to get on. I understand that it has to stay on well though. The case fits very tightly in some areas and not so much. Overall the case offers protection to all areas of my laptop, the case is very tight on it.
I love these screens, and always get at least 2, just in case there is some hidden dust. It's completely clear, and seems to offer great protection.
A solid unit for the price and the built in stick and buttons are perfectly usable. The true beauty of this arcade stick is how easy you can drop in some Sanwa buttons and a stick. If you want a solid, affordable platform with no marketing bs you can build a great stick for a lot cheaper than other units on the market and have the proper arcade feel.
The case looks great!! I'm not too bothered about the pixels that other reviews talk about, it's barely noticeable and not annoying to me. However, there was this weird orange stain on the case that covers the bottom of the laptop that I'm not too happy about. It might have happened during shipping or something, I'm not sure. But it won't wash out and looks pretty gross! Otherwise, great product
Pretty snazzy. Order some LEDs though, it's too dark to even take a photo without.
I'd give it 5 stars except it's just a little hard to open. Holds games securely and very nice slim design. A nice change from the typical plastic.
Good selection of couplers.
I pretty much only use this controller because my other one is messed up, and this one works pretty well, other than the left stick getting stuck on occasion.
This SSD works great, but it was not detected by my system initially. This seems to vary, as another system I own detected the drive immediately, but the older system I was purchasing it for did not. It was likely due to the drive not being initialized- after plugging it into my newer, working system and formatting the drive using windows' "create and format hard disk partitions" tool, it was immediately detected by the older system and is now being used as an absolutely stunning boot drive. Highly recommended for the price, but if you also receive a "not detected" error, where it's not even showing in the BIOS, and you happen to have the luxury of a working computer, trying attaching it there and initializing the drive first.
It's great, just wish it was mountable.
I liked how it held the webcam.
Update. The seller replaced the damaged screen protector for free and it looks great. Thanks So I'm not sure who to blame exactly but one of the screen protector was damaged upon arrival, it wouldn't have been an issue but with the other screen protector I got tons of air bubbles and thinking that I have an extra I took it off and threw it away. I should've check for damage first but I didn't. To the seller if you are reading this I'd like to get one screen protector cuz it was already damaged upon arrival.
I purchased this for my son he has a couple of games he likes to to play on his phone and I figured this would make it easier for him I actually purchased this for a Christmas present so I tried it out myself on my phone and it's very easy to use I know he's going to love it. I had a lot of fun with it I found it very easy to use it's a very good product for a really good price.
Works perfectly with my Nintendo Switch, but I got 2 blue screen in a couple of hours on my laptop while this was attached to the laptop. Might be coincidence but I decided not to use it with my laptop. I bought it for my nintendo switch so not a big problem for me.
This is great quality bag. As others have stated you really cannot fit much into the pockets. The small handles are tucked away in the Velcro pockets and even that makes the bag look bulky and the pockets look bulged. I got this for my 11.6 inch chromebook but I got the 15 inch bag. It fits well with little movement, and I can fit a slim folder and the charger in the main pocket. In the zippered, outside pocket I just have a few pens, gum, headphones, and flash drive. It would be nice if I could fit my phone in here but it just looks way too bulky if I try to fit anything else in this bag. It would be nice if the pockets were constructed better, but overall the quality is really nice--especially if you only want it to hold a couple small items.
Nice cover for a kid's tablet
I received 3 containers of toothpicks and no micro USB cables. In the picture they appeared that they would work great and be durable
Does exactly what I need it to do! Purchased this for my home network so I could have a few hard drives accessible via WiFi. Works great. Detailed instructions for multiples ways to set up, I found them relatively easy to follow along. This device is small!
Great Chromebook for the price, still getting used to not having a delete botton.
Works great. Not the best for writing or drawing but great for navigating iPad and avoiding prints. Tip it's too thick for that but it serves its purpose as described by seller. If you want to navigate and some writing. This is the pen for you.
Liked the design. Wish it had a clasp or eleastic band to keep it closed.
Stay in place able to see keys with no problem
I like the way that protect the ipad, the only issue that I have is the material that has in the back handlers if you want in horizontal line.
Use at work. Hate wire everywhere on the desk. It has every features a regular standard keyboard while a bit smaller. It has media functions, along with the calculator launch button. It does make a small sound when typing. Ease to connect/sync. It's very convenience for a small office or home desk. The two pointers I dislike, it doesn't have an adjuster height for the keyboard. It does raise a little bit but would love to have a little bit higher. The other is the calculator, it's a great feature but it's also easily accidental hit the button when hit the minus key since i use the numerous keypad 90% of the time.
Good value case. Material is rubbery with a good trip, and the iPad mini fits perfectly. The only caveat I have is that the magnet holding the case closed isn't the strongest. The official apple smart cover stays on tight when it's upside down, while this cover droops in the middle and can be shaken open. But the smart cover is $39 and doesn't protect the back, so it's an understandable cut. Still, the case performs just as well at holding up the iPad and protecting it. I'd def recommend this case, it's too good of a value to pass up.
This computer is fast and great for daily business work that I am using photoshop, word, excel and other apps at the same time, with my old computer I was not able to run two apps at the same time but the graphics and speed of this laptop has definitely surprised me and I am a happy costumer. There is a part on the bottom that makes a clicking sound, I am not sure what that is but it is only when I lift the laptop using one hand and only when there is pressure put on that certain part of the laptop That is the only reason for 4 star, As far as work and quality I sure say it is worth the money and you will be a happy user.
I really like the weight of it The regular stylus tip works great It has a metal spring instead of elastic Only complaint is that the cap doesn't attach anywhere so you have to keep track of it
I needed a computer with Windows 7 and it is getting harder to find a decent one. This one had the specs I needed although I did pay for a memory upgrade. When I got the machine, the 2 tb drive didn't function and it was set up with Windows 10 which was a more major problem given my particular needs. To their credit, they addressed the issue immediately and I had a replacement computer within a couple of days which is good because the clock was ticking on how much longer my old box was going to keep working. The replacement met all of my specs and works just fine. This machine is a bargain assuming you get it with what you need.
This is definitely unique, I'll give it that. I bought it for my MacBook Pro for my desktop use. It takes a bit of getting to know the key layout since it has windows keys, but works with Mac. The Windows key is the Option key, and it will take some configuration of the keyboard settings on OS X control panel to be able to use the top function keys since by default the OS needs the ctrl key to use them instead of the additional functions. (Such as volume up/down, etc) The instructions that came with mine were a bit outdated I think since they were wrong about the keyboard and mouse both having a USB key fob individually. There is only one key fob and it's in the mouse battery compartment. This takes 2x triple-A batteries each. It worked with typing out documents, and the mouse worked for all but the OS X stuff like changing desktops or launchpad, etc etc. obviously you can change settings to use the ctrl key and arrow keys for switching desktops, etc. The finger-bumps on the home keys of normal keyboards are inverted into slots on this keyboard, and are not as easy to blindly toss your hand onto the keyboard to type. About my only real gripe.
Used for a new Mac but needs a stabilizer. I feel like it's a strain on the ports because it's not 100% flat on the desk when plugged in. Had to play with the USB port to get the cord in. It's ok
I like this keyboard a lot! I love being wireless, I like the clicks and I have not had any problem with Bluetooth fading in and out. Charging lasts forever and I am on line all day, every day. My issue is that the print on the keys comes off. I am definitely a visual type-er and this is a handicap. For a decent product in all other spheres, this is a quality issue.
It was just a little smaller than I expected but a great value and works perfectly on the two devices I have used it with. Have only had it for a short time and plan to try with more of my smart equipment. It is very portable and I use it everywhere in the house. I particularly like that it is rechargeable so I don't have to buy expensive batteries.
Very nice bag. Attractive and sturdy. Well padded. Comfortable
This will protect your iPad like nothing else would but it was a pain to open on the train. In the end I put an older case on the device and used a neoprene zip case on top of that. I do recommend this product if you want excellent protection for your iPad and have more patience than I do,
I like the fact that I can use one wireless dongle for both the keyboard and the mouse. I had an older version of this set but I misplaced the keyboard, so I came back for more. Both keyboard and mouse travel well so I like that, but there doesn't appear to be a power switch on the mouse, and that would be handy. Also the DEL key is in a different spot then what I'm used to, so that took a bit to get accustomed to. The keyboard sometimes skipped a beat but I re positioned the dongle to a spot closer to the keyboard and that seem to cure that issue.
I using it for CCTV system which I'm going to place in cabinet with a small DVR. Great size to save space.
This keyboard is very loud. My son does like it for gaming and the fact that it is lit.
Looks and feels like leather
I used this to get files off an old IDE hard drive. Easy to set up and use for that purpose. Just has the bare necessities to connect the drive through USB in a temporary fashion. If using this as a permanent solution for connecting a drive via USB, I would recommend something else that has an actual housing for the drive.
Works well just thought it would be bigger. I use it with the iPad Pro 12.9 gets the job done as a stand but not if your wanting to make the large iPad look like a desktop.
It replaces those uncomfortable little chuck things the switch uses. I have large hands and this is way more comfortable to use. Paired right up first time. Hasnt since though. Dont understand why.
Would have been 5 stars but one of the non-skid rubber footings started to peel off after only a couple of times of use. Besides that, it seems pretty durable and I like the keyboard, its compact but the keys are pretty big and easy to use. Overall, ...not bad.
Good for typing. It has perfectly spaced key. No backlight, which makes it difficult to use in dark.
Its heavy and very hard for a left handed person to use.
Installed this in my girlfriends computer and it is working great
This product is lightweight & the keys are easy to use. I'm using this keyboard with my iPad as a makeshift laptop & it's working quite well :)!
For the most part it has held up and nothing has broken. The little bendy arms kept coming undone so eventually just removed them completely. It's soft and durable and has handles. My daughter uses it easily. The only thing I don't like is it sort of covers the volume up and down button and the power button.
Error in my order was quickly resolved. Fast service and appreciative of their customers.
I bought it for my son, he loves it! Great life battery! He can't be without it
I ended up buying three of these monitors. I use them for IT work not gaming and going to 4k is a huge improvement. They are so clear I enjoy reading e-magazines on them. I do get a rare refresh flicker (maybe every few days). Also, one has a bad pixel but it's so small I decided not to exchange it.
Does a good job of charging. Only reason I'm making it four stars is because the charger gets hot after a while.
Does it's job. Only problem is it comes up as a disk not a USB
Fits and is decent quality. Only problem is that after having it for a month the back started peeling
they are good for the price
Style, look, fit and durability is great. Fits like a glove. Just perfect for my Galaxy Tab A 8...
Definitely offered an improved signal over my stock antennas on my IP cameras, however for being 8 decibels the Improvement wasn't as great as I had hoped. I am skeptical that is a true 8 decibel gain
I like the quality and it loads reasonably quickly. Plays DVDs but the included software will not play commercial blu-rays because of copy protection. So something cheaper would probably be adequate.
I like it and does what it's supposed to do - protect your tablet. After 11 months of heavy use one of the inside corner metal tabs popped out and the poly-leather edge is cracking but a few dabs of super glue fixed it temporarily. For the money its' still a good buy imho.
Does a decent job as expected
Not so powerful as I expected.
Items purchased for a friend, that stated they where very happy with chargers.
Plugged it into the USB port as described and worked immediately without the need for any software. Runs okay and gets the job done.
I like the look and feel of this case. There is a bit of texture on the outside design which I feel adds some grip to carrying the MacBook. The outer cover was a bit tough to get the last snap to snap in but I'd rather have it be a super snug fit than too loose.
I love the look, the price and how easy to clean it is. I just wish the bag held its structured look like in the pics. Also wish there was more padding in the compartment that held the laptop.
Solid build quality at a low price, this is a good, cheap replacement keyboard for basic use. BE WARNED: this is a compact keyboard. 99% of the time, this is no problem, but that 1% comes from the backspace key being the size of a letter/number key, instead of the more standard double length. It takes some getting used to.
Works great! Just as I expected :)
Great! These speakers sound really good for analog. I was impressed!
I liked this stylus so much that I reordered it when all's I really needed was a replacement cap. No where in hours of searching was I able to find such a replacement, and in talking with others, it seems no one has ever found one. Therefore, the need for a simple cap cost me the full amount of a new device.
I really like this laptop bag! My MacBook Air fits perfectly inside, I really like the soft fabric inside and option of using a shoulder strap or the handles. The only thing I would change is making the front pocket slightly larger to allow more room to fit the power cord and charger.
Good HP Spectre 360 great Sleeve, on the side pocket I used to keep a USB Hard Drive and a Pen Stylus. Juts be aware does not fit tight, there is still one inch room inside. However it works for me
Not as easy to setup as others I have had
Bought as a gift for my nephew - Great price and decent case with nice colors
Great product could use a bit more padding though
I love the picture on my case because it's clear and looks real. I wasn't sure I would like the flap from the case because I have to tuck it under my computer or lay it flat when I'm typing but I've gotten used to it! I just love that my computer is covered and I feel that it is way more protected than just a plastic case.
Case is beautiful and well made but very heavy to hold.
With the price, I was expecting a cheap plastic POS. Impressed with product so far. Easy to assemble, but seems secure.
Works very good or as expected!
The product works well enough for everything but charging. When a PS4 controller is plugged into the adapter, as well as a USB-c fast charger, the adapter wont actually charge my galaxy s9 plus. That said it does drastically decrease the rate at which my battery drains while playing a ps1 emulator. Over all not what I had hoped it would be, but very usable and a means to do what I wanted. 4/5
It worked exactly as advertised, but the app still needs some working on, it is a bit confusing at the moment navigating the menu and switching the viewable drive (from USB to SD to Phone to Drive.) Besides getting to know the app, works great.
Good value, all parts worked well. Had trouble with software but figured it out. Tech support responsive.
it does exactly what its supposed to do. nothing more - nothing less.
For some reason, my thumb sticks on my PS4 controller was worn down. These fixed that problem and will probably outlast the life the controller!!
It's nice but remember there's no vibration in these controllers. It's a mute response. If you are planning to use this with the switch, it may be disappointing due to all of the games are built around vibration feedback with the joy cons being a prime example.
Good size, easy to carry and use. Love that the battery is rechargeable.
Looks amazing- the smell is a bit weird though.
Much nice much wow Works good
It offers tank-like protection for your expensive iPad and keeps your kids safe from you should they drop it :-).
Thinner metal and somewhat cheap. Over all, it worked out well. Not much to complain about for the price. It is nice having a couple of fans with it.
I have been using this hub for last couple of weeks and works great, occasionally the power source is not detected and I have to unplug and re-plug the USB-C power source. Not sure its its a defect, but rest works great! Thanks!
Decent product for the price. Didn't last as long as I hoped. Item arrived more quickly than any other item. The product came well packaged. Fast service. Just wish it would have lasted longer.
Does very well what it is supposed to do and it is versatile. I custom cut a plastic covering to slide over top when HD's are not inserted (to keep it dust free).
I love all of the zip pockets on this backpack. I took it to Barcelona and it was comfortable to wear everywhere and every day.
Works perfectly for charging, works adequately for transferring photos and videos to my computer, with the occasional blip.
Its really small and the same as the description and pictures shown except I did not receive any batteries with it. I have not used it as I received it today and did not purchase the batteries as yet so I cannot comment on its battery life and durability. Great item thus far though.
I absolutely love how sleek this straightener is, it allows me to hold the straighter much easier. Works beautifully!!! !!!!!I highly recommend!!!!!!
This thing feels nice and professional. Two gripes. 1. The hinge gets worn out and the case can't support the phone anymore, I give this a pass. No wallet phone case I've purchased held up for very long, it is an industry issue, not just this product. The audio buttons should have some sort of indent. I have pressed the wrong button far too many times. The plastic is flushed over both buttons so it is impossible by tactile feel to know which button you're about to press. at least if there was some sort of indent or external dent I'd know when I've crossed over to the other side. The overall texture of the products feels nice in the hand. I thought I'd hate the two magnet locking system but I find it more interesting and fun than the single reach lock. I also find it more elegant over time.
Good case for the price.
Laptop was a birthday gift. The birthday girl was so happy. So far, so good. I have to say, I ordered the laptop at about 12 noon on a Sunday, and by 6 Sunday night it was at my door! What awesome service! One thing about the laptop is that it gets hot quickly, so not sure what that may lead to, but I bought a 2 year warranty. Hopefully, there will be no issues and the birthday girl will continue to be happy, happy!
It's a good, low profile, low TDP card that can push 60fps at 1080p for almost any game in 2018. Dual fans are decently quite even at full load. The low TDP (and only requiring PCIe power), makes it a great upgrade option for small form factor business machines (Dell Optiplex or HP 800 series). Decent for productivity that takes advantage of CUDA cores, like Photoshop & Premier.
They are good quality USB cables but they were better if they were longer.
I bought this set for 2 of my iPads. The first shipment I received was defective - one of the cords didn't work. Fortunately, I contacted Amazon and was able to return the defective one and received a new one. It works well for all of my devices and I like that it is braided nylon instead of the plastic wire that usually breaks fast.
This cable was fantastic until it stopped working out of nowhere about 6 months after I bought it. Unfortunately I can't return it through Amazon as it's passed the exchange period. Update: Anker replaced the cable for me free of charge. Great customer service. I have amended my score to reflect that.
The charger looks almost identical to the Apple oem charger. It operates effectively at a fraction of the cost of a branded charger. My only concern is that the charger itself seems to run much hotter that I expected. I don't know how that will bode for longevity. But in the few weeks I have had it it has performed perfectly. The braided cable is a nice Aug 5th, 2019- update. The heat of the charger has become a greater problem than I had hoped. The brick heats up to the point that it is untouchable. I have to assume that this cannot be sustainable for daily use. Cannot recommend this project any longer. August 7, 2019 Update: I contacted Amazon regarding the heat problem and because I was past 30days post order, they referred me to the vendor. Fair enough and no surprise. I contacted the vendor not expecting an easy resolve to my problem. Surprisingly, I received an email from them less than 24hrs after I sent my query. Astoundingly, the reply was a clear apology for my experience and a full refund for my troubles. Amazon confirmed the credit to my credit card the next day. The vendor's response was refreshing. No waiting for me to ship the charger back at my cost, just a quick and easy refund and kind note apologizing. I would not hesitate at recommending this vendor, period.
Using it for streaming church service. Only dislike I have is with dvd tray. Takes several attempts to get it to eject. Adapters were missing, but sent just within a few days after I reported to seller.
This is 1TB of storage for a great price from a reputable brand. Performance is what you can expect from a premium SATA III SSD. One of the great things about M.2 SSDs is that there are no wires to deal with. That said, there is one huge disadvantage to this specific drive. The MX500 has a flashing activity LED on the SSD. Now if this was some type of optional feature and it was well advertised, that would be one thing. But this was a pretty big surprise the first time I booted a game from it. I do not want an orange light blinking 10 times a second at me. This is absolutely jarring expecially with a tempered glass side panel. If it wasn't for this constantly blinking orange LED I would be pretty happy with the drive, but I kinda wish I had chosen a different drive as it bothers me.
Easy to set up with Century Link. A rep from Actiontec even came into the call to answer additional questions. Works great!
TL;DR: I would highly recommend this hub for everything but VGA. I am having a lot of issues with VGA. This is adapter is amazing for the price. Everything--with the exception of VGA--works as expected. On VGA, the screen flickers at an unbelievable rate. The flickers make it almost impossible to use my monitor. I already attempted to auto-adjust the monitor along with several other things, all to no avail. But screen flickers are not the only problem with VGA. After a couple hours of use, the entire screen got shifted right on my monitor. I could not solve this issue either. Attached is a photo displaying this problem. Consequently, I ended up purchasing a separate USB C to HDMI adapter that I can use instead of the VGA for use with my dual monitors. At the time of writing this review, I am still waiting for said adapter. HDMI on the hub works fantastically, and I have not had any issues with it. Other than my VGA problems, the hub is great.
Updated my review after my awesome customer service experience. They are going to make it all alright and make it all good!!! Thanks for all your help with this matter!!
Overall I love this keyboard, I needed it for my iPad so I can easily right my school papers on it. When I started using it it was amazing, I love the feel to it and it's easy to place on my lap when I don't want to be on my desk, but it's acting weird now. The keys are completely changing, the Q is now an A and the W is now a Z, there is actually more than just those letters but I won't list them on. I don't know if the keyboard changes language keys or it's disfunctional. I don't know if anyone else is having these problems but if you do , do you know how to fix them or is this permanent?
Too early to tell, but so far received in good condition
My husband loves it all though the lock isn't the best he forgot his combo and was able to pick it quickly
amazing tech for the price... this unit opens up the opportunities of applications for use of hardware..... Amazing all this tech and potential for less then 15 bucks
Works and fits great, fan on it died after about a year. Buying a replacement for it now.
Thus far I've found the pen to be very useful. It works well as a stylus as well as with the pen applications. I find the pen function to be a bit touchy but I'm also getting used to it. A surprising feature that I've come to enjoy is the ability to advance PowerPoint slide using the side buttons. The pen feels good on my hand as I like the weighty feel.
This is just what I needed
Everything I like except you might have to buy a splitter if you want to use it with a pc for sound and mic. Luckily I already had the cable from my previous headset. For the price you would think it would be included. The ear pads feel a bit awkward but don't push on my glasses. After 2 hours they are still quite comfortable.
It was that i expected
I initially said it was perfect. I did set it up as soon as I got it and it seemed awesome. BUT after a few hours of the laptop placed on the pad, it was almost onto the floor ... it had slid by the lip and I didn't notice until it was almost too late. I think the design is great, BUT a couple of things to improve it's design PLEASE and then it would be perfect. 1) Add another level to decrease the incline; 2) Add a little more on the lip tab to engage the front of the laptop. THANKS!
Works good, very compact size.
This is my second MacBook and therefore a second case. Holds up well and fits snuggly. Case will "pop" at first until maneuvered to secure more in place.
Material is solid, comes with a nice bag for transporting. I gave 4 stars because it wobbles some when tapping the screen and it feels as though a hard enough bump and it couls fall. But all in all not bad for the price
The only thing I dislike about it is when my computer is set to sleep and I turn it back on it says there is no signal. Not sure if problem lies within my video card or not. But great monitor regardless. 4 stars for quality and affordability
Great product, no issues. Use to connect external USB 3.0 enclosure with an SSD in it to USB 3.0 SS port on laptop, high speed data transmission with no problems.
I bought this adapter for my Win 10 laptop because my laptop didn't have an HDMI output. It works as expected and I can use my TV as a second monitor or to duplicate my small laptop screen. It also works with my Win 10 PC, but unfortunately not in "Extend" mode only in "Duplicate" mode. I haven't figured out the reason for that issue yet. I would recommend this product if you need an adapter for your laptop because of a missing HDMI output.
Perfect to move single files such as text books or reports, but coping the whole constant to my desktop takes quite some time, but beauty hurts
Very quick and easy to use.
The power supply its self Is good, but the cable that comes with it barely fits in the plug. It is lose that it falls out while you are on your computer and it will randomly shut down and the the plug falls out of the socket everything else about this psu is great.
The only thing I disliked was the embossed brand name.
this keyboard has worked out very well, I'm using it with my C64 Mini to play some of the retro games of the 80s. with the two USB ports it allows me to use a flash drive to add more games.
This company has great customer service. When they found out that our adapter broke, they offered to send me another one. Waiting to get it and will update after we use for awhile. I was impressed with their responsiveness.
Great amount of room. Seems well built although one of the strap holders broke within a month. Easy fix, no problems since.
as the title says... but some times it stops working, and I have to remove the batteries, switch them and it starts working again...
Took a while to get it to function but it works very well
The keys are wide and raised and very sensitive. I'm getting used to its feel. I like the angle - it doesn't lie flat.
Ugly, but works I guess.
I have been very please with this case. Material looks good and feels good in hand. I love having a backlit keyboard. It makes this case very useful in multiple scenarios. My only CON with this product is the spot where I would expect the backspace key to live is taken up by the lock-screen button. That has lead to many inadvertent locks of the screen. But all together, I enjoy this case and would recommend it to others.
Got this for my husbands laptop. It is nice to have a backpack battery and I thought this one was a reasonable price. I happy with this charger however it does seem to lose its charge a little quicker than I had thought. Other than that I am happy and I am glad it come with instructions and the tools.
Fine once I had worked out how to configure the screen menus ((Windows 7). Once working, it duplicates the desk top and video perform well- including audio. Saves me having to buy a new lap tap to watch films on my flat screen TV.
Way better than expected! I was expecting a controller the size of a selfie remote that would fit in my palm, but was pleasantly surprised to find a full sized controller that works across platforms and rechargable. Nicely made and looks great.
Very nice iPad cover. Fits snug and will protect my investment.
I never received the product that I ordered
This replaced my MacBook Pro charger extension when I broke the original one. I haven't had any problems charging my computer with it. Although, my computer and the charger get really hot when it's plugged in so I have to keep an eye on that. But it's a good extension for the price. It'll at least hold you over until you get the apple product again. I'm surviving with it since April.
I got this for my 4 year old can be a little slow at charging but she loves it good price good product
Works as described. Wish it mounted flat more like a dome instead of a bubble.
Does what I need it to do
I bought this card to install in one of the refurbished desktops you can buy for a song here on Amazon. The one I was looking at only had VGA capability and no separate graphics card, and I wanted to be able to use my monitor in high definition with an HDMI cable. This card was easy to install in the computer--just make sure you have an open PCI-e slot and it pops right in. It only takes one slot. Even if you've never done this before it isn't very challenging, it's pretty easy to tell which is the PCI-e slot by looking at the card and looking at the slots in your computer and matching them up. There are plentiful videos on YouTube to walk you through this. The card has worked flawlessly through burn in and has been in the computer for a week or so now. The only issue I had was the refusal by Windows 10 to allow me to load the driver included with the card, since it isn't digitally signed. Not a big deal, I just went to the ATI website and downloaded their driver and it works fine and has more features than the software included with the card. I don't use this card for heavy gaming--my wife plays Candy Crush on it and it works just fine. If you're really into graphic intensive gaming you probably want to spend more money on a card, but for a computer used mainly for household tasks, online video, and productivity this should be all you need at an excellent price.
The color is more like a light pink. It is a perfect fit though and my daughter loves it. Does the job. Been looking for a case to fit her tablet for a long time and this fits!
These speakers sound good, but if you turn them up relatively high, they start to lose it at the base. I think you probably just have to invest more in a speaker to avoid this because I have Bose speaker too and the same thing happens. Plus they only go so loud so if you like your music really loud (which I do when I'm doing chores like vacuuming the house), these may not be for you. They are good computer speakers, but I wouldn't consider them stereo speakers.
Great product for the price. My kids love them for their Mac books
Generally speaking it is good. However, I cannot find the Back up Module. I had asked customer service but there was no response, which made me a little disappointment. There is an obvious noise when it is loading. I hope it won't break down too quick.
Love this case. I was specifically looking for a case that would keep the pencil handy and safe. The only problem I have noticed so far is that the pencil will not stand in the small circles when the case is propped, but that isn't a big deal for me. Fits my 6th Gen with no problems or complaints.
Nice little light. I love the variable brightness and light settings. So far I've only had to charge it once and have used it regularly. The clamp could hold a little tighter. It falls off easily when clipped to a book so I have to be careful when I move around that it doesn't fall off.
these are very handy but if you are not careful you will lose the connector covers very easily. That was the only thing I had an issue otherwise this is a nice unit to carry around and backing up phone,tablets and just about anything else, Its really nice you can connect more than one unit as long as the ports are different.
Great price, works great
Roomy backpack, good price. Sturdy
I have no issues with this product, It does it's job well. Although I would like to have a few higher settings that operate the fan motor.
The bottom part just kind of slides off and isn't very secure, but I don't really throw my laptop around so that isn't really an issue. Otherwise I appreciate how slim and relatively protective it feels. Very easy to use. Worth it for the cost
Hard to find compatible accessories. Size is smaller than most popular products, so screen protectors and cases are too large.
Needs rebooted now and then but overall works well.
Fits perfectly to my case, no need to cut the panel sticks. It took around 10mins to install. But the price is pretty high for this piece.
The VGA video part worked fine, but on the USB connection to my laptop, the mouse & keyboard kept disconnecting & reconnecting to the computer and each time they would freeze up until reconnected. Very frustrating. I am returning and trying something different. August 2018 update - Seller sent me a new unit at no charge and it seems to be working much better, so I am increasing my rating from two stars to four.
Great cheap mouse! ..As long as you don't mind the default Windows 10 drivers. Tried to install the software for it to configure it, but all that happens is the icon shows up in system tray, grayed out. The software doesn't work! But if you just need a default mouse, it works 1,000,000 times better than my 10 year old mouse! Hopefully they fix the software some day so I can program and adjust more than just the default settings. Also I was using a somewhat shiney plastic mouse pad and it really didn't like it for some odd reason. So I had to get a new one. The one I'm using now is known as a black leather-like "gaming mat." And now the mouse works great (minus the software)! For it's price, I'd give it a 4 out of 5. Haven't used it long enough to comment on battery life..
We go through charging cables like water. I am hoping that these braided ones will last a bit longer than the others. So far, they seem durable.
Affordable, works well
Decent quality jumpers at a good price. Don't put too much strain on these, they're not meant for them. Get a 90deg adapter instead.
They work immediately
Great backpack, holds a weekends worth of clothes (when folded properly) plus toiletries just fine. Small issue with first one ordered, strap clasp broke but they were quick to replace the backpack. New backpack has been put through a more rough time just to make sure it will handle traveling and all is well with it, no broken parts. I also ironed on a piece of black canvas on the bottom of the bag to make it more durable.
It does the job but is a lot less sturdy than a traditional n64 controller
Was easy to use and hook up with not problems or issues
This is a GREAT long-range bluetooth transmitter, which I use to go to my Anker Sound Buds Life that I wear to allow sound boost for me alone, while others in the room use the speakers driven by the TV set at a lower sound level. My only issue: the product description led me to assume the Avantree could be fed sound directly from two cables with RCA jacks. In fact, it has only a 3.5mm jack and is only supplied with a 3.5mm to RCA adapter cable that has female connectors, whereas male are needed. Luckily, I had a usable cable in by junk box.
This mouse is slick. Looks great and performs well. The infinite scroll wheel is also very nice. The one issue: no middle click by default. I'm a heavy user of middle-click to close my browser tabs, so I had to remap the gesture button (the button below the scroll wheel) to middle-click. Unfortunately if you've ever used a G903 or similar you'll know that it has a similar layout, but middle-click is actually middle-click and the button below locks and unlocks the wheel. If Logitech could have pulled that off here it would be perfect.
Very good bright music stand light. The supplied USB cord could be somwhat longer.
Very glad I gave it a try. I am 58, so I love the option to reading in landscape mode. Would buy again. Only had couple months but no complaints yet.
Pretty dam good headset, has comfortable shape for prolonged use as well as well as bright lighting that makes gameing easier to use, it is a tad larger than you would expect from the pictures but it also means large ears cups for a roomy fit on the ears. Works fine for pubg and mic is clear and easily adjusted as it is on a flexible boom. Can be used as a mic for my phone too.
Very easy to use, but didn't work every time. But for the price it great as is.
It solved my issues. I was having problems using my PC & smart TV with my internet connection and everything has been perfect since I used my extender.
I like how budget friendly this gaming mouse is! The clicking sound on this mouse is really silent. I like how the design of it can be used either on left or right hand. It's comforable and fits perfect in hand. I like how the changing colors on the mouse add to the gaming feel of it. I would highly recommend this gaming mouse if you're looking to get your money's worth!
Decent bit of equipment, does it's intended job well.
A hoped-for cable substitute that did what is expected, but now what I dreamed about.
It's kind of hard to review, when you've only had a product for like a month. So far, it works well. It's a little chunky, and my adult son says it looks like a tablet cover for a little kid, but I tend to drop things a lot, so I'm liking the protection aspect of it a lot.
Works fine and good looking except that coating on the metal is peeling.
The combo itself is a great deal for just the mouse,mouse pad, and keyborad alone. The mic on the other hand is a piece of junk the sound quality is terrible and the audio sucks if u plan on buying this because it comes with everything you need I suggest u buy a different mic.
the case has built in risers wich are spotty at best screw in the motherboard too tightly (wich isnt even that tightly) and the motherboard wont turn on and looks like as if it is dead. but if u loosen the screws up just a bit to be tight enough to keep the motherboard still then it will work fine. but its annoying trying to make sure every screw is screwed in just right.
I had an issue with the controller they replace it right away,
So far so good. These things never seem to last so we will see how long this kind will hold up for.
All of the extra grips limit the ability to pickup the mouse. I wanted a bigger sized grip that isn't slanted...
Extremely fast when used with supported hardware. I was a bit skeptical about the retracting USB connector but it seems to have held up well. Despite being stored in my pocket on a daily basis it does get scratched up rather easy -- mostly on the edges. The lettering on the top comes off a bit too easily as well. I would knock off 1/2 star for those cosmetic issues. It still works 100% perfectly however so I cannot complain too much.
No major problems. The mouse plastic surface is starting to crack after many months, but it still works fine. Also you have to unplug the mouse or its light will remain on even after turning off the PC.
This laptop cooler is light weight and compact. It does a decent job cooling. However, it does not stop any of the laptops I have from sliding down when it is in the slanted position. This is a huge draw back considering that the cooling pad comes with feet as a feature to angle it.
The durability of the case is not in question. But it's heavy and the case is quite awkward with the stand and hand strap being in the exact same place. Also, the hand strap makes it a challenge to use the magnetic dash mount that I have. Therefore I gave it 4 out of 5 stars. Otherwise, the case is very well made.
This has been a great buy. Over time the bean bags have needed to be refilled but is not a major issue.
This drive gets warm, but not hot to the touch. It fits snugly into its port and is large enough to hold onto.
It's working without any problems. I sort of trust SanDisk products.
I like this case for my MacBook but be aware that the paint in the corners start to chip away a bit after awhile. However, it's the sleek, nice fit I was looking for.
Not bad, looks pretty nice, just as pictured. Soft so doesn't hold shape well at all, especially if empty just fyi. Front snap came off right after getting it but super-glued it down seems fine now. Use frequently.
Quiet, good airflow, bright but not distracting LEDS. Would like the ability to select patterns.
This is a great padded sleeve for my laptop. It would be nice if it had a slim opening for a notepad/pen or phone, though.
This is inexpensive and, to the extent that it is a it smaller, preferable to the more expensive big-name products. However I found the left-right buttons to be rather squishy and uncomfortable. Like all arc mice, I also wish it would work while flat, as I find that less stressful on the hand. One remark: I wish the listing states that it does not come with batteries (2 x AAA), so I would have been prepared.
This is a good quality product. However, it didn't work with my iPad Pro as it didn't fit.
It's very comfortable to use in my lap
I've always liked Plantronics devices and this one is no different.
You can definitely feel the air
I've had it for a couple of months now. I don't use my iPad very often, but so far the case has held up well.
Works great for MacBook Pro when using one monitor. Doesn't allow for hooking up to two monitors through the dock.
I like the ease of installation and the case is good quality. It protects my pad very well and cleaning off dust and dirt is a snap. Great case.
Not a gamer, but needed a back lit keyboard that was not noisy and this did the trick. Sturdy but very compact which is taking some getting used to. When I plugged it in at first I was a little confused because the backlighting was moving in a wave pattern, and I didn't seem to be able to find any instructions included that clearly showed how to adjust it. I was able to find one of their basic manuals online and adjust it. Overall, really happy with this purchase and also a very helpful company in guiding me to the right product.
I was afraid that it was going to smell weird
Decent price and quality build. Cons: No disconnect/hang-up button Does not interact with Skype when mute button is pressed, so Skype doesn't show accurate mic status.
Used it and it works well
Nice easy case to build in. Minimal effort involved for standoff placements and easy to remove harddrive cage. The front fans were not too hard to put in either, be forewarned to have enough of the right type of screws
The hardest part of all of this was getting the existing controller apart- everything else was a breeze thanks to a “how-to” video I found on YouTube. Only negative mark is that some of the pegs on the inside that hold in those little clear pads behind your buttons were broken off, but did not have an issue with assembly and functions just fine. You must make sure you have the correct DualShock 4 controllers for this. There's another review on here with the model number circled (was a huge help to me) if you have a ps4 slim or pro, the correct controller should have come with it.
Cover is light weight and the rose gold color is pretty. Cover is not bulky, so would be easy to slip into my purse or briefcase. It may not be as protective as more substantial cases, but I use my iPad mostly at home.
I plugged everything I normally plug in and out of my laptop everyday when I arrive at and leave work- HDMI, several USB, external hard-drive, power. It all plugs in so easy now. Would recommend. A little expensive for what it is though.
I like it, but it does not let me upload pics that are in RAW format, which is disappointing. So if you're taking pics with your dsl, be aware.
This product come up while searching for replacement for Hitachi Magic Wand. I ordered it and the connections was not correct. Cost more to send it back than it does to keep the item. Looks like it would fit standard Jambox, CD players, appliances. I will probably find a use for it eventually somewhere. Can't fault the provider but the Amazon search engine.
These came in a really nice hard case. I'm a bit disappointed with the material quality on the glasses. But happy with the blue light blocking without the strong color tint.
It does exactly as described. It is small but works very well. connect to the tablet without any problems, good magnets holds the table and keyboard together, I find no problem closing the case with the keyboard and tablet together. I am happy with it because I did not expect any thing fancy for that price. I do not plan to use it that much, just for writing e-mails and etc.
Love the color and the keyboard cover actually fits pretty well unless you're looking right on top of the keyboard, then the letters are a bit off.
a good budget mousepad with lots of room
very easy set up easy to use came earlier than expected and came with a screen protector
Good quality, would purchase again.
Very compact and cheaper than other options. It works great!
This product seems to be great. it is very lightweight, but seems to be sturdy enough. I read a lot of the comments that it is hard to apply to the tablet, but I didn't find it to be any worse than putting a phone case on my phone. The handle feels strange, but I believe it is just because I am more used to something more firm and the handle on this is the same light foamy material as the rest of the case. The cover does not impact the functionality of the touch screen and overall seems like a great buy!
Works good, seems better made to lessen strain on the cord when in use. Time will tell.
My tablet doesn't really want to stay on it, cause it's slick on where the tablet sits. Wish there was some type of grip part to it to avoid the slipping.
Works for checking trail cameras
I'm using this travel accessory case to hold my laptop charger and a cordless mouse. I wish it was a little bit bigger, but it serves its purpose. The quality seems good enough that I expect it to hold up well for a while.
I got this because I didn't want 2 different network names. It was fairly easy to get it connected with 2 different network names. But getting it to go to 1 name may confuse a non tech savy person. You have to get the firmware updated. And that can be a little tricky to some. Then you have to reset everything you just did to default and start over. It can handle 2 network names. My other Netgear router had 3. So I had to change it to 2 names. So now I have only 2 different network names running in my house. If I would not have ran the firmware update I would have had 4 or 5.
It lasted for only 5 months a short life span but it was a good headset. It shorted out like all Ps4 headsets.
Good quality I wish they carried a variety of sizes for all lap tops this cover fits my laptop a little too big. Also, it was wrinkled when it arrived as if it was stored folded for a long time.
Was hoping it would be better than my Arris modem, but is not compatible. I'm sure the modem is awesome, it doesn't have the buggy Puma/Intel chipset, so that's a huge bonus.
My 2012 macbook pro is faster now than it has ever been. All apps open and work faster. Start up is just a few seconds. Great swap.
Low battery life (dies quickly), but awesome for if it is for a lot of desk/near-outlet work
Plug it in and it shows the line voltage, that's it. Works perfectly for that. One trick pony.
Works great to cool my lap top down!
Very good cooler. Only con I have is its a very large cooler had to leave my side panel off of my case.
This backpack ripped after 5 mins the use by a 9th grader, and the company sent a replacement right away. It has been about 2 months now, and so far, it has not ripped. I am hopeful the first one I got was just defective, because it is otherwise a great backpack. Lots of room.
Plenty of USB ports for my Windows 7 computer. Easy to setup, no drivers needed for my Win 7 box. I do wish the USB and power connectors were on the back. They are on each side and it looks kinda ugly that way.
Love the keyboard. Solid feel, comfortable, firm low-throw keys, and responsive for regular typing (haven't tried with gaming). Only gave 4 stars because it forgets num lock everytime I turn it off which is annoying if you use the number pad frequently.
Maybe it's my computer, probably is, but not too fast
I stopped buying Logitech products a few years ago. Their gaming keyboards were crap. But I took a chance on this wheel and I have to say I'm quite happy with it. Maybe Logitech step their game up. I use it for Euro Truck Simulator and it works great!
Nice look and protects
Got a chance to use this at school and absolutely love it. I like the convenience of having it at home and not having to lug it around. For a teacher, it allows me to create notes and answer keys my students can see me working out. Would definitely recommend it!!
There isn't much to say about SD cards. I have several digital cameras at the ready. I bought several used cameras. I'm an insurance adjuster and the cameras wear out or I drop them, sometimes off of a roof. I bought these cards for each of my backup cameras. Excellent value.
There is nothing wrong with it, great quality, plug in into your display port and will show HD quality images on your screen.
I slouch at work sitting at a desk all day. Was trying to find a good solution to help alleviate the slouching and back pain. This posture corrector has definitely helped! I am sitting straighter and the pain has lessened.This posture corrector has given me strong support for my back, without restricting my movements.
Works great. Arrived in perfect condition!
A must have for pc builds and any electronic project. It also works like a datasheet with many interesting specs from different brands and dimensions
Excellent feedback, The action is better than my 3 year old green clicky. Agian a great product for the dollar.
Nice looking very modern, slick design and plenty of pocket. Feet perfect MacBook Pro 13”
Everything works as expected. Love my Pi.
It just did what I wanted. Easy. Elegant.
Great quality. Hooked right up to my monitors and stand. No complication whatsoever. The fit is a little tight, but you want that with $200+ monitors.
Love this case. Easy to use. Seems to protect the iPad very well. I like how it will prop up the iPad to watch a video. Highly recommend.
Great set and covers most needs quality is good
You can connect to arduino devices
It is cheap and works.
This adapter worked great for attaching an HDMI cable box to a VGA projector. High quality adapter. A+ packaging. It's a great value.
Have to set the timings and voltage manually on an AMD board, but works great after that. I'm still working on over clocking it, but I'm sure I can get 2400 MHz minimum out of it.
Amazing value, works great, and its nice and sleek! Very happy with this chrome book.
These are great and so easy to use
Performs as expected. No problems with shoddy construction.
Great product. I taped it to laptop screen and it delivers well in glare and privacy shield.
Works great!!! Will order again in the future!! Thanks
Product works just like new. Great price. What more can you ask for?
My new laptop doesn't have an RJ-45 port. This solved the problem so I can hook up to an Ethernet connection.
Great item for my reading and my granddaughter just love it for her coloring books and sitting on the couch or her chair.
It was exactly what was needed for my daughter and her laptop and it was exactly on time.
Stylish and a life changer for my work station
Works great has a nice amount of space before it triggers
I bought two of these for my husband and daughter who drop their tablets quite often. They have not broken yet after 6 months.
Great Product for the price!
I guess it would work but I lost it. Its so small. It arrived quickly and I might find it soon if my dog didn't eat it.
This product worked great...have using it to project MAC computers to a HDMI TV and it has not had any problems.
Great sound and comfort
I have a new LG Stylo 4 phone and I managed to immediately lose my stylus. This replacement stylus is identical to the one that came with the phone and it works perfectly and stays clicked in to the phone stylus receptacle. I can only speak to my phone model, but I recommend it.
Perfect and just my color.
This has got to be the best keyboard I've used in recent years and I've been through countless Keyboards over the years. The Ergonomics of this keyboard design is Excellent! I am blown away at how comfortable it is to use and the factor of the whole thing is just so sleek; it almost look like the keyboard is floating on your desk. I haven't enjoyed typing like this in years. The feedback of the keys are responsive and my fingers just fly with each loud click coming from the keys. This keyboard is a right choice 10/10 !!!
This set felt like Mary Poppins purse! I knew everything that was included but it felt like I would never be done pulling everything out of the package. This set is huge and lots of things to make the switch more fun or to protect it. Super colorful accessories as well! My son loves having the little steering wheels for Mario Cart.
This is the perfect dock, no extra software to install, uses the full power and speed of USB 3.0, and completely foolproof. I got two for the purpose of transferring files from my old desktop HDDs to a new laptop. Gets the job done without any fuss, unlike some other docks I've used. This dock is sturdy and solidly built. It will rest on your desk and stay perfectly still. I can't write a lengthy review because this dock just WORKS exactly like it should, plain and simple, which is exactly what I wanted.
Definitely recommend. Lots of storage space and great value for these items.
Heavy duty, very secure, works great
I bought it to connect dell monitor to my mac. It works great. Connected it to my 4K TV and amazing pixel quality. Great deal!
Nice Product and quick delivery!
Great product, super fast delivery. Very happy
Helps distinguish who's leap pad is who's!
Good basic carry on that meets the newer, smaller personal items on the budget carriers. Knick-knacks toiletry back-ups nylon jacket,etc and a tablet or magazines, book, caps and more versatile than a single strap sling bag.
These are very high quality ethernet cables. I'm very pleased.
Love the durability. Please make this cover in a pale pink!
It fits my tablet like a glove and I feel at ease with it on my tablet.
I've used the 3M film on the iPad for years, and would never go without a privacy screen with acceptable landscape-directed privacy (I use a keypad). The 3M has always had great performance (once had a guy next to me ask, “Why are you typing on a black screen?”). The JETech is the only glass option I could find, and in my view the privacy function is as good as the 3M. At half brightness, my ipad screen looks pretty much black at about a 45 degree angle, ie a seat neighbor on a flight or train. I was able to get a bubble-free application on the first try, but I do admit to using the steamy bathroom technique I found on YouTube, which (a) works by knocking down errant dust particles and (b) is sure to get you ridiculed by your significant other.
We give this product high marks for ease of set-up and are satisfied thus far with the speed of the processor, which was an area of slight concern when we purchased. Recommended for word processing, Internet browsing, etc
Works great. Just plug it in.
Very satisfied. Highly recommended.
I plugged it into a USB 3.0 port on my laptop, since the laptop only had 1 HDMI port and I wanted to run 2 external monitors. After a month of use it has run flawlessly in a business enviroment, with my laptop closed and the 2 screens running as an extended monitor.
Love this laptop bag! it has plenty of room for all the things i need to take back and forth to work, and it looks great!
The ease of installing and using!
I bought this to upload an old CD collection. It works great.
Beautifully made--high quality and useful!
Type C is becoming a new standard of those electronic devices.Good price, work as expected!
I have been using this cover for over a year now and it is still in good shape. The price was right that's for sure!
Good deal works great
Great product, fast shipping!! Will order from here again!
cute case! my computer has a case on it as well and fits great right inside!
It's an USB C to HDMI adapter. Works exactly as described. The metal construction is nice and rigid, while the cable is flexible. No issues, I like it and would recommend the two pack for one at home and one on the go.
Great for college kids
took a second to figure out that the IN on the dc input side triggers the relay. Will not trigger with just dc + and - connected.
The KLIM keeps my laptop up to 10 Degrees cooler even during heat wave weather, in cooler weather its even more cool. I really do see the difference with this device and am very happy I purchased it. I would recommend it to any one.
Works pretty well. All ports work great. Don't have much else to say about it.
This is my first purchase of a backpack. It has more room than I need. In fact, it takes me a few tries to find what I'm looking for. Once you get the hang of it, it's perfect for travel, work and occasional clothes.
The keyboard looks so cool when I installed it in my pc and the lights are so vibrant and bright, they look super good when it's dark. It's working smoothly, the letters show immediately on the monitor as I type. So far, I have no complains since it doesn't have any problems whatsoever plus typing on this keyboard doesn't strain my fingers. In fact, it's fun to type on this because of the sound it creates when I press a key.
Received super quick! works great. No issues
Quality product. I use it to store my Kindle Fire. Bought one for my husband too!
I dont use this for an apple pencil. I use it for my vape pen, and it's perfect. Of course I bought all this stuff right before the news came out that vaping has been killing people... so now it's a lovely case to keep the unused vape pen in. Yep.
Love this case, I work on cargo aircraft as part of the flight crew and it definitely gives me the warm and fuzzy my iPad is protected. Plus my kids play with it as well asnd it passes the strength test with them as well. Given the price it's an absolute steal you can't even tell the equipment is refurbished it's literally like new, I've always loved otter box and I stand by their products.
I have bought the same cover in the past and it lasted a long time. Good product for the price.
this is my first mechanical keyboard, i dont use it for gaming, i use it for work. I am a software developer. it is beautiful, i like the key responses, and my co-workers are jealous about my keyboard.
Great Product! Arrived on time as specified.
I used this for a Asus gaming laptop. Tech managed to resolve the issue over the phone.
This charger is just the right length to be used in my car. The braided cord allows for the durability to be handled with some force. I am very pleased with the charging speed this cable provides. I will be ordering different lengths from this seller. Top notch!
These are fantastic monitors, particularly at this price. I ordered two and am quite happy. I use them for documents, spreadsheets, email, and web browsing mostly.
It helps sharpen the audio which helps increase my overall skill
I really like this item.Everything needed right on your lap and held at the right angle.The sofa holds the iPad well and the pillow is reasonably sturdy. Love it
It surprised me by its super small footprint. Makes it easy to have three monitors. Easy installation and quick results.Video fantastic. Easy install and I am extremely happy with it.
Nice skin really, my son loves it a lot
I am a travelling consultant and I this fits my professional life perfectly. Holds all my work related electronics and theres room for personal items like clothes etc. Highly recommend
Got this replacement battery for my old white MacBook! Super cheap and super satisfied. Works like new again!! Thank you!
I love this bluetooth keyboard case. It makes my ipad feels like laptop. Very nice high end design, I like it.
Purchased for my son. He said it works just like the really expensive headsets. Comfortable and great sound. And I have some peace and quiet now from not hearing everything throughout the house from the game :)
case is very nice, fits the poke ball plus nicely. The plastic case however doesn't fit. Overall good for the price
This USB is small but mighty. It holds so much stuff in one tiny stick. I love how it's made out of metal so I don't get nervous it will break like my plastic ones.
Liked how the tablet snaps in.
fully functional backpack that works for what i need
You'll probably need to adjust the color profile until you find one you like. That's easy. Coming from a 1080p monitor of the same large size, the 1080p is so terrible. Text on 1080p is nasty. This one isn't "retina" but it's pretty close. Acer is great value for the money. Don't bother wasting money on other overpriced curved monitors
I'm so glad I stumbled across this product, because it has seriously improved my WiFi speed. Using it on an older laptop , I noticed that WiFi speed was faster than the built-in WiFi . I later tried it on an older desktop and it was very fast as well. An excellent product!
The keyboard works great with the new iPad. It is easy to setup and the magnetic activate Bluetooth is great to use. Durable and functional
Came on time It is perfect I love it Is really easy to use and pair with my laptop HP Pavilion 360 Easy to carry with my laptop
HIgh reliability and durability. Have not experienced any data glitch when using these cables.
Nice product. Satisfied.
A really compact and useful USB drive for backing up and transferring large amounts of data. It is the smallest USB I have ever seen and comes with a chain attached to it to hang on your keyring or wear on a necklace. I just think the USB should have had an end cap on it to protect the connector from dust or liquid
That I was able to purchase this long after I had purchased the radio.
brilliant!!charges mega fast. already been used several times for both data transfer and charging , the manufacturing quality is very high and have had no issues or false disconnection, very pleased with it, would recommend it to anybody.
Works like the original and is a great value.
Works on my keyboard as good as OEM.
Like it, Good Quality. a performs well. Low price.
I like the design and it fits perfectly
I love the blue lights. It makes my desk top look sleek. The sound is of good quality and the ease of hooking up the speakers was good for me. T
This is such a great size for taking with you on the go. Watch movies and videos....read books. It's light weight and easy to hold on to.
Very nice binoculars fit nicely in your hand and are easy to carry. Hot them for my son for our camping trip.
Very good adapter. Lets me watch on two TVs at once. I would recommend.
Got this device quite fast, which was surprising. Very appealing look to it, looks very good. This works very good and comes in handy to always have on me to transfer information, photo's or music. I am always on the go so I need equipment that keeps up with me and helps my lifestyle and this does just that. Very impressed!!
Great price for all the pieces you get! I plan on using it for a birthday party coming up soon. I started to make the tassel banner and it's pretty easy to make. Very high quality and makes decorating so easy! Very happy with this purchase.
As far as indoor antennas go, I have had the best luck with amplified antennas like this. I am able to get 30+ channels in my area. This antenna works very well and is very easy to set up.
Works, seems quick, no issues. Feels a bit weighty, assuming thats from the super high rez screen and long life battery. We are both shocked how incredibly clear the visuals are.
The ONLY source I use for styli. The bodies are sturdy, the capacitive tips are very long-lasting, and the freebies truly make this company Friendly. These narrow-tip styli are a great find, they're not my first purchase, won't be my last, and I love getting screen cleaning cloths (for my glasses!) and leashes (the extras are handy for making charms). I'll be back.
This charger doesn't get hot like the others. I'm happy with my purchase
Came as described and work perfectly.
Great size for my iPad Pro. I had pink before but it got pretty dirty. I replaced it with black. I would love to see fun colors or designs.
‘This is a very good product it helps a lot ( for drawing typing ect.) and also is very comfortable to hold for a long period of time!!!
Needed a cheap Bluetooth device for my desktop, this works well
Love it! Just like it was advertised.
Microphone works perfectly gret with my phone. Sound quality is pretty good compared to price. I am impressed. I mostly use it for karaoke on my iPhone
Perfect little box to do exactly what I needed done. I've been using a couple of Wi-Fi extenders for a couple of years now and I work fair So I went old school and ran CAT5 to my home office. I now have 50 megs full-time at both of my computers and another room in the house that was basically WiFi dead.
It really boosted my signal nighthawk rocks
Everything about this product is what I expected. It is good quality and came very neatly packaged. It serves my purposes very well and fits my computer nicely. I would buy again.
This works great with the fire stick/ fire tv. Easy to use.
This works well if you need the extra usb ports for a computer. I didn't have any problems with it at all. I plugged it in and it worked. We use this in a couple places through out the house so guests can plug in their devices for charging. Guests that are concerned about conserving energy like the fact they can turn off individual ports when not in use.
Very easy to install on my Ipad Air 2. Quality is great as is usual for Otterbox and it arrived on time and packaging was in good condition.
Now I can stream all the things I want
This iPhone cable is so suit for my iPhone with good quality!
This adapter works well & was worth the money. It catches a good amount of long range Wifi.
Great product! Came well packaged and delivered quickly.
Exactly what description says. A+++
It was fit perfectly on my laptop and its a very good purchase thanks...
This flash drive extends my ipad's storage for movies on road trips keeping kids entertained. Build quality is great, and easy to use.
This usb c hub is perfect for my needs. It allows me to hook up a monitor or tv to my MacBook Pro and my iPad Pro as well. For $25 you cannot beat the price. It works just as described. Do not shop anywhere else on amazon! This is the best adapter you can buy!
My older laptop is much faster now. Learned how to install these from a friend & it was very easy.
I've had this case for about two or three years now it's still looks brand new, Absolutely love it.
Love the vibrant colors and sturdiness of this case. Keyboard protector is a plus as well. Product is just as advertised and would definately purchase this brand again.
Works great, doesn't take up much space. It does exactly what it is supposed to do. One warning: if you take it out and put it in a bunch, it will come apart after awhile, but if you put it back together it will still work.
This WiFi extender is really fantastic. It took a little while to get my 5G connection to transmit, but once that was set up it's been smooth sailing. The connection is really strong throughout my house now and it's made video streaming perform much better than before. The box is also very compact and fits easily under my TV where it's easy to hide while still being able to read the lights on the front to validate the connection status. The ability to hard-wire devices in was also surprisingly helpful and made our WiFi cable box perform much better with no lag. Definitely better than a standard wall-plug extender, especially for the price.
Just what I was looking for in a case! Offers great protection, has pockets for cards/important papers, and a loop to put my pencil when it doesn't need to be charged or will drain my battery. The only thing I wish this had was a swivel stand so when I'm using an app that doesn't support landscape mode, I can still use the stand. Other than that, it's a really nice case.
Its convenient for price and usage
These are so cute. Definitely a great deal
I have no regrets with this keyboard. I was definitely not looking for this keyboard originally. I was going to settle for a keyboard that looked like a typewriter. I didn't know I was settling though. I didn't know I wanted one with crazy lights on it. I am shook to my core. Everyone has asked where I got the keyboard from.
Very comfortable. Can use for hours on end with no discomfort. Haven't had to charge it since I bought it months ago, albeit I don't use it every single day. Love the functionality, the accuracy, and the feel of the materials and size (I have big hands). Only thing I would say to look out for is this: I do a lot of editing of music. This requires a ton of zooming in and out using the main scroll wheel. Because of the mouse's infinite scroll function, I sometimes accidentally activate it and it might zoom all the way in or out in an instant and I lose precision in this way. However, I did get used to that, and learned where the threshold is for the function, and how to manage the scrolling.
Easy to install. Did exactly what we needed.
I love the variety of lengths in this set. Provides a lot of flexibility with charging locations, especially when traveling.
It was good as nd easy to change ,if you need life for your lovely fire phone i recomend this battery
The colour was real nice too
Exactly what I needed for several devices
GREAT SPEAKER FOR THE PRICE
Works great, easy to install and very durable
My tween would buy these for everyone she knows. She adores them.
Ergonomic design is very easy to hold in the hand is very comfortable, the weight is appropriate, click is not tired, a feel great mouse to play games.Price is also appropriate, excellent quality and reasonable price, inexpensive, color is also good, it looks very texture, high sensitivity, very satisfied!
Worked well. We were able to connect our MacBook Pro to our tv and view the slideshow from our wedding. Super easy!
Speck products are great. About every three years I get a new a new case because my iPad goes wherever I go so I do wear them out. Got this Speck iPad case for half price from the store prices. My favorite iPad case because I can see my whole screen!!!
This is a very well made and solid laptop vertical stand. Completely confident it's capable of holding my MacBook Air.
These webcam covers work great! They are super small. I'm not sure why but I expected them to be bigger. The colors they come in are great. I LOVE the pink one. They slide easily to open and close the screen. They are so small that you don't even realize it's there!
Love the strength of the magnets and the pencil holder. Great product I would recommend this case to anyone who wants to protect their iPad and travel with ease.
Works perfectly with my Bose computer speakers. Worth the cost
Best headset i ever owned everything is perfect
Tight fitting, and excellent protection. Extra rugged for the clumsy in life.
Works really well. Quality is great. I love the price too. I'll buy again.
Purchased 2 they work great!!
Took a couple of tries to connect my Bluetooth headphones to it but once connected worked excellent.
It was just what I needed and it came in timely.
Need to have one for the length.
This is my second time buying a case from this company and it has never disappointed me. It has a very smooth touch to it that does not feel like a hardcover case.
Great product. Liked that it was a multi pack. And heavy duty cords
what you would expect.
Very sturdy and beautiful design.
It was a little tricky getting the iPad in the case. My kids love this case. I like it because it protects my investment.
Great stand for your IPad or phone I use mine next to my bed no hands needed . A little pricey I bought two of them one had problems, but I can say Customer service with company could not of been better 5 stars for them Thanks guys
Just what I wanted at a great price. Works as it should and would buy from this seller again. Thanks
I love my product it works very well with my tablet.
Beautiful cover for my new iPad
Works great based on the short timeframe we've had it.
I like that this is compatible with the MACBOOK. You can use an SD card and a micro SD. The multiple ports are useful especially because we use an external keyboard. This is a great tool for students.
I am using it to write this review.Far better than expected !
No frills and, better yet, no fuss. Works like a charm.
I've been using the same USB 2.0 SD Card reader (not micro, full SD) for nearly a decade now and decided it was time to switch. I fly FPV and transferring video to my phone for review is tedious with a slow connection. This fixed that. Fast transfers, pretty well built (I like the cap), and can read a microsd in addition to a full sized SD card. I think that, in time, the grip on the cards will loosen...it seems to have slightly already (maybe 50-60 insertions/removals). Still, the little click when you lock your card in is very assuring .Personally, I would like to see the SD card spring loaded and/or under a cap so keeping it in the pocket wouldn't be a concern. As it is, the ports are exposed and likely to attract lint and other pocket debris. Still, great reader, especially for the price and worthy of 5 stars.
fast delivery. stronger than paper. need good Marker .
These work great! Took maybe 15 minutes to set up and that was only because I had to find power strips to create open outlets, Other than that, it's just plug and play and gives me incredibly fast internet, highly recommend
Was able to connect my laptop effortlessly to another monitor! Works perfectly! The cord is about 4' which is more than I needed. I love a product that works like it's supposed to without hassles! :)
Although I haven't been able to actually use this product yet because my new computer systems haven't came in yet. These do look stunning and the headphones feel great on the ears.
My new Tsa ruse bag. It's perfection Easy to pull everything out fast Nice compartments. Looks quite cool.
Arrived on time, neatly packaged, works great
Best weight, length, and tip. This is my favorite stylus by far. I have had quite a few because I have an iPad and an iPhone. Which I move around my house because I take and edit photos. The others are too short, too light, too skinny or skid on the screen. Recently the customer service department sent me a replacement because I ordered incorrectly. Greatly appreciated.
Great deal for the price. It seems sturdy and well made
Bought for my daughter starting collage It works good does what it should.
Great device. Powers my macbook as well as mouse, keyboard, external drive etc. Must have. Anker also has the best service.
Cool little gadget. May need to change the head soon, but writes well. Pen is a nice bonus.
its a mouse pad, its good
I purchased this iphone flash drive off-load files for backup,and to free up space when necessary.It offer me plenty of storage,the app is easy to download and use,and so easy to add delete and store files Movies pictures Data etc.
I received the product in the mail after a few days. When I opened the box The wires were not all over the place and the actual headset was well protected.
Very pretty, A lot of Compliments
Excellent power supply. I have 3 of these and have had absolutely no problems. Highly recommend.
Good for computer desk
Every thing I was expecting.
NIce texture, good look and easy to use. Pleased with the purchase and got complements on this cover.
Backpack is fantastic granddaughter loves it.lots of space sturdy zippers well made
I was going to buy the name brand case but decided due to price to try this one. It's much better than the name brand for less money and has more features.
Have had this again, since 2015. Have had no issues at all. Good working condition still
I want to buy a good-looking and practical flat-panel set for a long time. I don't want to see this one at home. The price is not expensive. It looks good. I received the goods as expected. The color is popular. I like it.
Absolutely works great the first time no problems.
Still using it ! Great product. Keeps my laptop safe.
You're very well-made call looking around her performances grade and her speedy I have no issues with it in the app is made very well too
I needed something that could help me work on excel spreadsheets better on my laptop. Having an actual mouse is helpful when trying to click and drag and right click and all of that stuff that is normally done with excel spreadsheets. This mouse was easy to instal and use right out of the box. Just insert a battery and turn the switch on the bottom on and you are pretty much ready to go. The usb storage space in the mouse also is great for travel.
This power supply works very well. I use it in a large gaming system, with 2 SLI's Nvidia graphics cards, water cooling system, several large hard drives and SSD harddrives, dual DVDs, etc. This power supply keeps up with it all and is very quiet.
I have been searching for a xbox one controller charger for a while. This charging station is perfect for my boys! Super excited that I do not have to constantly go buy batteries.
I love design and it works perfectly for protecting my ipad.
Added a mouse to my new laptop. Just plugged it in and away it went. Like the shape and feel of it.
Fits my tablet and I like the off and on when you close it.
Seems to be good and works great. Haven't used it a lot yet, but the value was worth it.
Love this case. Looks great and and can watch my pad at multiple angles. Great value! Do not know how it works long term but right now it is great!
A great SSD drive, very fast, thank you seller! Delivery is fast, very satisfied.
Great controller, much better price and lighter than the original ps4 controller. It has fast connection and the vibrations are strong and make me feel like Im really in the game. I would recommend this to anyone who plays games on their ps4 and need an additional controller for less money
I picked these up so I could use my new phone with my legacy charging cables. Over the years, I've collected a lot of micro USB charging cables to use with various phones and other devices in the house. Looking this tip onto those cables allow my new phone to charge at its full speed from each of the different charging adapters I have. This small purchase has saved me from having to buy new cables to go along with all charging locations!
It works perfect for carrying my apple pencil, ear buds and charger as well as cleaning clothes.
Adapter works great. And is small enough to leave in the USB port without being in the way.
Love this pinging noise it's like an oldschool type writer. this will definitely serve me well on my wordpress writing AND my LOL games! Thanks Reddragon! XD P.S. It would be even better if it had a numpad. IMHO :D
Battery was a cheap alternative and worked to provide me hours of computer life. I think it is important to follow the charging instructions for the first few charges.
Finally a great solution for dual monitor and a MacBook Pro. It offers everything you need to set up your workspace.
Solid quality webcam. Didn't need anything too technical or high quality and fit the bill perfectly.
My original cord is wearing out, wires showing, etc. I ordered this for a replacement and it is working great. I love the velcro wrap to keep the cord neat.
My girlfriend and I use it since we don't have a desk and it works out.
Much better than getting another cord to charge Bluetooth speaker. Your lightning cable is already there
They all worked and while technically didn't have 16 GB of space, if you read the comments from the seller, you'll understand why. I like that they are different colors so I have a better chance at identifying what is on each stick. I tested them all immediately and they all worked and I've been using them to share historical videos with the family.
I love this product and will buy again. I have tried a couple other brands and this one is by far the best. I watch Netflix on my lunch break and there is no glare or seeing my reflection anymore.
I received KHOMO iPad Mini 1 2 3 Case - DUAL Series on time. I love the color, the Auto Sleep/Wake feature, and the material quality is excellent and I couldn't believe such an excellent product can be had for such a low price. This KHOMO iPad Mini 1 2 3 Case - DUAL Series is way better than one I previously purchased from another company. I highly recommend KHOMO iPad Mini 1 2 3 Case - DUAL Series.
love the low profile keyboard as well as soft touch keys.
Very impressed with this case. Very sturdy, looks good and fits like a glove.
Used for a new built. Easy to install. Looks awesome. No issues so far
This headphone is mad cool. I really like the top soft foam design. My head is small and a lot headphone doesn't have that design and those are hardly fit my head. I love this one, perfect fit my head. The quality is also awesome.
Works great. No issues.
Quite and easy. Good response and product.
What can I say other than... it works. I have been using it for over a month if not 2 by now, and have had zero issues. It doesn't overheat, it's been plugged in at times continuously for days, and it's all been good and fine. Great after market option replacement or addition to your portability and power needs.
Really sturdy. Good quality. Works with my S5, no issues whatsoever, no drivers or downloads needed whatsoever. It just shows up in your files like a sd card. The only note I have is that the part where you put the usb drive in, is a bit snug, so if you have a weak usb that's falling apart be careful pulling it out.
Easy to set up, easy to use, and works for all my devices. This is a replacement and upgrade to my old Belkin router that served me well for many years.
Worked great bought this iPad case for my niece and she loved it would recommend to anyone who has bought a new iPad and wants to keep it protected from drops and other things that kids do.
Great product that protects my investment and is utilitarian at the same time. Works well.
This fit my tablet perfectly, and it is beautiful. Very nice quality!
Always depend on SanDisk for these cards. Needed one for my digital scope, naturally SanDisk it is.
Universal card reader is very practical, easy to carry. Give five-star praise!
Nice case - looks good, seems durable, fits the device well. Delivered on time, as promised.
It's too soon to tell but it seems to be working fine.
Better than expected
I purchased this personally for use at the office, as an inexpensive, (hopefully) better alternative to the equipment provided by the company. It has far exceeded my expectations. It's a joy to type on.Colleagues saw heard it, asked to try it, and then purchased their own.
Great product , I have used this company product for 3 iPads already!!
If you want big clear sound buy these, you wont be disappointed,
Item delivered fast and as described. It has been working great since arrival.
Works Perfectly and Price is Just Right
It fit and charged to 100% within a few hours. I leave the computer plugged in to 110 until I need to take it with me. It's worked just fine so far. We'll see how long it lasts, but so far so good.
Kid proof! My 2 year old and 6 year old have put this case to the test it's awesome
Been using for a year and it is fantastic. Looks good, protects the soft magnesium computer and never gets in the way.
Bought several worked great
has worked great for 6 months
Longest lasting, quality Samsung batteries. Much better than any 6 Sony version.
The USB 3.0 connector came clean off my portable SanDisk Extreme I got last year for Christmas. So I purchased this guy, liberated the SSD drive from the SanDisk case, and stuck it in here. No tools required and I once again had a functioning external hard drive in under 30 seconds. Seriously, it took me longer to get this puppy out of the wrapping then it did to actually install my SSD in it. In terms of durability, if you just plan on swapping hard drives once in a blue moon, then the closing mechanism should last. But don't travel with this guy unless you have it safely tucked away in a protective case. I doubt it would hold up to really tough abuse. It's plastic after all.
Works better than the ones that came with the unit
Allowed me to replace a Dell-branded AC adapter that was yielding "plugged-in, not charging" error with my older Latitude laptop.
Item arrived in a timely manner and was exactly as stated
Very durable, holds a ton, looks stylish, great price.
I never write reviews but look at them for everything. This unit works perfect with SONOS and being able to run Apple TV, Fire Stick, or Cable to a 4K projector that does not have optical input. Took me awhile to find the right switch and this one does the trick. Full 5 channel surround and I confirmed my projector is running 4K.
Love it exactly what I needed works great and it super fast
Worked perfectly. Pretty deep blue colot
Perfect fit for hp 15.6 laptop. Secure and well padded.
I like it and is easy to install, no bubbles , follow the instruction and the results are better than your way.
Easily transfer pictures from iPhone to my computer and other device with regular USB port without iTunes.Or you can use it like a extra storage.The app is easy to use .
Delivered on time. It comes with thoughtful outlook.
I love this case SO MUCH
great little adapter for memory SD cards
This plug and play device works exactly as advertised. I use it for my newer MacBook and I have not noticed any issues with it yet. It also does not get really warm like a lot of the other devices I have been using!
This Ethernet adapter works very well with my MacBook Air.
Great product, covers webcam for Macbook Pro and it doesn't make a gap when I close the lid
Love this product for my iPad! It helps keep the face of it clean and finger print free!
Very nice fit, and I like the fact that when the lid is closed it puts the iPad to sleep.
Love the feel of the nylon which also keeps it from tangling too easily. Great cable, Heavy duty. Feel very expensive but of course are not.
A little heavier than my last cover but should be more durable and better protection.
Very nice bag. Fits my 17 inch lap top as stated in the description. Nice leather and good quality.
Sturdy and serves the purpose
Best cord for a great price
I bought this for my MacBook Pro. I used a lot flash drive from PC to Mac. This one helps me to transfer data. I leave it with my MacBook Pro. It looks very stable there
Received much earlier than estimated in-hands date. Thanks!
Works great; just what I needed
Great product. Looked just as advertised.
The color balance and quality of the image are great! Love it.
I like this dust proof kit. All the pieces fit well and are sturdy. That being said, the PS4 Pro is designed to run with a steady flow of air. The foam vent covers are a concern for me, and i likely will not use them. The rubber plugs are another story. They are solid and using them will not restrict airflow through the system. Any port that is open I would definitely suggest using these. As far as the foam vents, I'll hang on to them for the time being but my plan is to do regular maintenance to remove what little dust the system requires periodically
I love the fact that the tip is more sturdy (plastic) than the tips on the official surface pen. It allows me to write quickly during lecture without worrying about breaking the tip off, as I usually press pretty firmly onto the tablet when I write. A great pen overall!
I fit a large OnePlus rapid charging brick and cable, 2 small apple charging brick and cables, 2 apple watch inductive chargers, a Samsung Gear S3 inductive charging stand and 6ft cable, 2 other USB bricks and short cables. Note that I am a Tetris Master and it is a tight fit, but it does all fit and I feel it is secure and protected.
Product is travel case to protect Surface Pro 4
Plastic housing but all functions OK. I used it to plug a usb hard drive and my keyboard and mouse into my new thunderbolt 3 laptop and it did not miss a beat. Probably not a good idea to draw 3 amps through the three usb 30. type a jacks by plugging in three 3.5 inch hard drives, but you should know that without me telling you.
came out great, looks great. no problems
Seem to work well. 6y/o son uses a lot. He loves it.
Was a gift, they like it.
easy to set up ,directions are clear . works great
Six months in and it still looks brand new. Use my iPad every day for work and play. Perfect pocket to store notes and business cards. Love the stand options when watching promotional videos or reviewing documents. Rose gold is a beautiful shimmery color, not too pink.
Fits very well, no issues at all. Also, arrived in one day!
no regrets- this case looks just like advertised and was very easy to attach to my macbook pro.
Great Product. Works as advertised. Systems boots within 10-15 secs.
Great Viewing angels, the mount isn't the best but at least it comes with a Vesa Mount Adapter. Pair it with a Vega 56 or 64 and you won't be disappointed :)
It was actually better than I expected!
Screen is excellent and easy to use. Refresh rate seems comparable to my computer monitor and less lag from inputs. Motion is fluid and it blends nicely into the original PS4 design thou chunky. But for the price and size, it is a value proposition. Travel a lot with it. Definitely much better than the hotel televisions. It's not size that matters...sometimes.
Simple and works great. With all these thin and light Ultrabooks having only one or two USB C ports as part of their IO, an adapter is necessary. So I got this to see if it would fit my needs and it works great! I can plug in extra things and keep the USB C passthrough to charge my laptop. The only caveat is it gets a bit warm , but since it's only attached to the side - it's not too big a deal. Really compact you can throw it in your bag and just take it wherever. All in all, a well made product. Consider it if you're looking for a affordable USB hub.
Works fine. Make sure to install software first that is on the adapter. Once installed it worked perfectly.I've got two monitors now.
Perfect. Just what I wanted. Thank you
Bought this for my wife and she loves it. She's a teacher and loves every feature!
I use this for crafting and design software and it's great! Works perfectly, fits my needs, and is portable and lightweight. I also like the battery life from a single charge.
My Mac found its drivers right away and I was in business in a few minutes. Fast enough for my needs. Only read from cd so far.
It is Exactly what I was expecting. Which is a good thing. I am leaving on a trip at the end of the month and this backpack seems to be great for traveling with. Going to the Airport it will fit my Laptop/Tablet and all my travel accessories. Quality Feels great and is as pictured. Seems comfortable to wear & is light weight with the breathable straps. (Be aware) That unlike other backpacks with built in USB ports that have the cord already installed. This specific backpack requires you to feed the USB/Mic lines into the designated areas. It was very simple to do and seems to hold in place well. Highly Recommended. Disclosure: I received this product for free or for a discount in exchange for my unbiased review.
Great bag, very neat and roomy without looking oversized and sloppy. Well made. Inside is nice. Exactly as expected. I plan to buy another as a gift.
Just as I expected. A ton of cool stickers. I use them for guitar mainly then keep a couple and put them on my laptop. :) Good amount of stickers for a okay price. I think with all the different ones its worth it. You should get these, you won't regret it :)
This is a solid cable and a must for charging your USB-C device. It's a really great length and the color is awesome.
It fits my 11" iPad Pro with keyboard folio perfectly, provides nice protection on all sides, has a zippered pocket for small accessories, like charger and cable.
These speakers are just wanted I needed. Sound is good.
neat cable and works just great. no issues by now
Very easy to use, The touch screen is sensitive and it's a bright clear display, Simple plug and play with easy to follow instructions.
The straps are so comfortable! I carry a lot of school essentials in it such as my laptop and textbooks, this backpack makes it less of a pain due to its straps having padding and the back of the backpack too! Amazing.
This is a solid case for Tab S6. Was very easy to install and gives me feeling that this case will surely protect my Tab S6 at the time of falls and shocks.
It works for my laptop
Works as expected; a plus these days. Loaded software to computer.Excellent product for College-Great price also! Nice!
I got what I needed. Thanks.
Use as a portable display for Raspberry pi.
Great picture and function. Teenagers use these for gaming and they work great.
This is just as beautiful in person as it is in the picture. Every time I pick up my computer it makes me smile.
Holds my laptop and cord well. It's durable, the inside is very soft and well made
This case is awesome! It is sturdy and protective but relatively light. It comes with an attached protective film for the front which I figured I'd probably have to cut off (I noticed reviewers who do). However, it easily went on and does not interfere with the touchscreen at all! I even placed it over my tempered glass protector. It even lifted up and let me remove a cat hair (lol) and settled back down perfectly. There is only one little spot where there must have been a speck of dust but it is not noticeable when the screen is lit up. It works any which way - even at an angle (don't ask). I even use it as a handle to carry the tablet around although I didn't expect to. It took a while to get used to not having a case with a cover but, after all, that's how most phone cases are a d my screen is doubly protected (ymmv)! Pros: sturdy, protective, works at any angle, works as a carry handle, attractive. Cons: none
Reduced the GPU temps under load and significant noise reduction
Had to go through a few to find one that actually works well for what I do. It's smooth and doesn't stick so if you do any editing of any kind it's perfect for getting those straight lines. Plus the color is so cute and perfect.
Excellent! Great quality
I use computers for office work and preparing books for publication
Does the job. Better built than Chinese junk.
Just wish you could choose more than one color - other than that this is a great product. love the feel of the keys.
Great service - Product as described. It appears well constructed, and should work well in foreign travel. Especially like the size and the nice carrying case.I would strongly recommend this product!
A must have, specially for a surface tab!
Good product. Charges my iPad without any problems!
Heart melted when I first saw this cute little panda mouse. Yes, it is very cute, and it is small in size.
Top products. Connectors are solid and the cable itself is tangle free. This product has been up to my expectation. Excellent customer service. Packaged well and functioned as expected. I love it and recommend for everyone. I was pleasantly surprised with this product. Good price, And quality materials.
there were what they advertised and what I wanted good quality
Works great. 10 year old had it paired in minutes out of the box. I'd buy this again for sure, half the price of the name brand and works just the same, no issues at all!
Great product at a really good price; highly recommended!
I love this product. It durable and does exactly what is it suppose to do. I have two children under 6 who both use these on their tablets and it's saved their screens multipe times. I wouldn't but anything else especially with the guarantee that the seller offers.
My husband love this cover for his ipad,
Really stylish and protective
They are what they say they are. The one that I used worked fine
Life saver... It is portable, easy to use, and IT WORKS.
The cable worked perfectly for our surveillance cameras!
I like everything since i can do all in once..!! I can charge my iPhone well as apple watch at same place..!! I always had hard time finding cabels for each device ..!!
Durable. I ordered black and it appears more gray, but other than that, great.
Great Keyboard for the price. Perfect for my Surface Pro! This keyboard is very responsive and a great size for a on the go student. I would recommend this product if you are looking for a smaller portable keyboard.
works nicely with the Xbox one after reformatting the drive. 4TB for $100 makes me feel old.....
Love this computer case! I bought it for my 11 inch Dell laptop and it fits perfectly! The extra case for the charger is so convenient. I also love the soft fabric on the inside of both cases. The color is as shown in pictures! No complaints here!
I always fall back on AmazonBasics when I need something simple like this. It's a hard product to screw up and getting it at such a good price is always welcome. I can't tell a difference between this cable's performance vs a more expensive brand
Pretty color, has lasted 5 months now.
They just woks as they are supposed.
To protect the glass on my cell phone
nice, fast drive. has been reliable so far
This product was perfect. My daughter wanted one for Christmas and she uses it all the time
Amazing screen for the price. Image quality and contrast are better than I expected.
Just got it. Plugged it in and my PS3 recognized it right away. No problems at all. Unfortunately, I can not find a way to backup (or copy) just the game data files to the device which was why I bought the 64gig version, but since it works with other devices I will be keeping it. To backup your PS3 you will need the 512GB version. Quite expensive and I hate spending so much money for a gaming console, but there was no other choice. Have ordered that one and expect it to work just as well with my PS3 as the first one.
Both items are excellent. A warning to buyers, there is only 1 USB reciever. This sucks if you only wanted the keyboard and a spare mouse. The keyboard is silent, but the mouse is not.
This cover is great, and seems to be high quality at a fraction of the cost of what it would cost from Apple. I would buy this again for sure.
If you have trouble charging your controllers with micro usb cables, this is the product for you since it charges from the bottom of the controller so a broken micro USB port is not an issue anymore. Controllers charge relatively quick.
Bought for my 10 year old top use with her school computer. She loves it. It works very well.
Pretty nice and perfect to protect the device.
Worth every penny. Love that it's rechargeable. Traveled overseas with this and used it like crazy. Still gives a quick charge.
I'm still waiting for something to go wrong. But so far everything has worked perfectly. I can now access wifi on my porch without any difficulty mainly with Apple products. Set up couldn't be easier. Just push two buttons. Great product!
looks and works just great
This is just the cable we were looking for. Goes down the side of the iPad instead of sticking out. 😀
This fan made me happy the moment I turned it on for the first time! Already it was the quietest fan , and the low setting is very powerful! It offers a good air flow without any noise.It's lightweight, compact on my desk, and the option of three speeds is a nice bonus! Very glad I purchased for my office!
Battery was exactly what I needed. Installed it, charged it and laptop works good as new!
Easy setup. Love being wireless! Comfy and easy to use.
great product and fast shipping
This product was exactly what I wanted. The product arrived safely and in great conditions, and I'm enjoying my controller already because of how fast it was delivered
They seem good but I haven't really tried them. They are a nice size though.
I bought these because I feel like I need a phone charger everywhere I go. They work perfectly. I previously owned some similar cables that ended up breaking. I'll see if these last longer!
Using this with a wifi module for a remote 3D printer monitor and it works great.
Great functionality and durability.
What mom dreams are made of! My son loves it.
Worked as specified, seller represented perfectly.
i bought two and they've certainly become well integrated into my set up; not to mention that they have come in very handy in dynamic situations
This is my first purchase from Total Mount and I am very satisfied with the product. I also purchase Total Mount's 2 remote holder and that too is a great buy.
Item was priced properly, arrived in 24 hours with Amazon Prime. Amazing!
very durable cover and it makes me feel great about our country
Very durable, very safe.
Lots of space and decent quality. I store my original 3DS in it and it fits fine despite the extra room
I have my whole setup as razer products and this was the last item I needed great mat and makes my whole set up perfect.
Quick and easy. No problems at all
My husband picked this labtop out for me, he's the tech expert of the family. It has been a year so far and its awesome. It's my first PC i had a macbook for years but i need a new computer for a summer program last year. I would recommend this product. It's Quality.
Bought this for my son and he absolutely loves it.
The material is great, it protects the external hard drive nicely. I deeply recommend
The keys are good, they're clearly lit and I love that the light shines through the keys with the way they were made. The type face on the caps are nice, legible, and I enjoy their design. Switching colors, speed, and pattern is easy on the keyboard. Itself. Sometimes it doesn't feel like the keys are as sturdy as I'd like them to be. I'm not sure if that's a materials factor, a type of switch factor, or how I'm typing.
Needed something to charge 2 and 4 batteries at a time via RC battery charger, these work great!
This USB C adapter has saved all of my ports on my laptop. The adapter charges well, the adapter recognized the hdmi input and all other ports at the same time as shown. It also charges my iphone all at the same time. Compared to other adapters out there, this has a lot bang for the buck. I have used it every day since I received it. I would purchase another.
This computer is great! This was my first time purchasing a refurbished product. I admit I was quite reluctant, but decided I wouldn't know if I didn't try. I was NOT disappointed.. Looks and runs like a new unit.
This product works perfect. I have a 3 year old doing ABC Mouse. The original charging cord was too short (he likes to move around). So I ordered this one. Meets all expectations!
Ai like everything and am delighted with the quality, look and fit.
I love this pad. I have a cute cat that isn't real obvious on my desk
Plenty of storage space and compartments
Storage for smartphone
Perfect for what I needed it for.
Would buy from this seller again.
I was looking for a good case without spending too much dollars. I wasn't even trying to find the cheapest case, but I've heard great things about MoKo cases and decided to try it for my iPad and couldn't be happier. The only small detail I wasn't fond of is that the back isn't "true black" it has a bit of a brown tint or so to it, but it wasn't a big deal for me. The only other problem I had was that the magnetic ends (that wakes up and sleeps the iPad) tends to be sensitive when I put the case cover all the way back. It tends to sleep and awake my ipad, so I have to constantly put it away from the iPad edges. Small annoyance, but for the price, can't beat the protection, which is the bottom line for me.
I like that this doesn't take up much space and it is not too bright. Works great so far! I haven't had any dead zones in my 2 story house.
Easy to install unless your router does not have a WPS button. Then it can become quite involved.
Great product for the price bought for my two-year-old would recommend to others
This range extender works just as it says! It was easy to set up it comes with the phone app that you download and manage anyting you want through that. I'm pleased it has extended my Wi-Fi further than I thought it would! I'm very pleased I would recommend this if you're looking for range extender.
The color pops inside of any case, and the larger size helps to allow for great cable management.
This is a budget USB CD/DVD RW drive. It works through USB only, no power needed. Mine worked as soon as I plugged it into my PC. The cable snaps into the bottom of the drive when not in use. On my Windows 10 machine it was recognized and assigned a drive letter right away and I was able to start using it. It is a nice option to add CD/DVD to a laptop.
My husband uses this for work and it works great! It was a great price, works amazing, and has a great battery life.
Love it! Sturdy, simple to assemble and easy to use! No slipping of your tablet, it holds it secure.
Works great, all the power I needed at a great price.
we are happy with this product! thanks
Just received it. Windows registered fine, everything setup perfectly. It's running perfectly. So far so good!
Of all headphones I've ever used these are by far the best. My head actually vibrates with the bass if I want. It's like wearing two ground size speakers on each side of your head. The bass is not muddy in the least and numerous times I take the headphones off and look at them wondering how they manage to achieve that huge sound. Bose are nice and clear but just simply fall short in the realm of bass. Corsairs gaming headset is an epic failure. The Corsairs for being so name brand literally took me over three hours to get working and after a year the boom mic literally broke. I baby my electronics so how that happened screams of shoddy work. These I just plugged in, they worked and they are fantastic. Side note, corsairs gaming keyboard is really nice however.
This was exactly what I ordered. It charged my kids calculators really quick and was easy to use.
AMAZON YOU HAVE DONE IT AGAIN! You have proved WHY you are a family favorite! THANKS FOR THE GAZILLION PRODUCTS TO KEEP US KRAZY PEOPLE HAPPY!
Installed and it was ready to go. Most importantly it is charging.
got this for a colleague, everything worked as advertised.
Ordered this USB 3.0 to HDMI cable for my Microsoft Surface tablet. The Micro HDMI port was damaged and this seemed like a great alternative vs. buying a whole new laptop. I was a bit skeptical at first on if this would work as I've only ever dealt with HDMI connections but it worked like a charm. I think what I was most impressed with this purchase however was the support that came with the product which I think is unusual for a low value accessory. I had initial issues with the connection so I emailed support and they responded quickly having me check my HDMI cord. Sure enough I had a bad HDMI cord and replacing it was the solution. Don't expect a extreme support but getting any support with an accessory is a plus! An important thing to remember is this may not be the best solution for a computer or tablet with minimal USB ports and you will need an HDMI cable to connect as one is not provided but this saved me a lot of repair money or new tablet money. Happy with my purchase.
Great for reading,easy to use!
This is the perfect tool to extend the utility of a computer with Not enough USB ports.
Works as expected so far. Seems well built. Used to transfer files from chromebook to flash drive
this was bought for a friend and she loves it
So far so good, the pad really is very silky to touch and smooth enough that it doesn't hang up the mouse, and is the right size for the desk.
This case was just what I was looking for. Looks great, fits great. Shipping was fast and efficient. Overall, if you have an iPad mini 4, this is a great deal.
Very Good Laptop Computer Charger. I bought it as a back up for work where I keep one there and one at home. So far its been a great Item and it does it job well done.
Was worried about buying this one for compatibility issues. Many laptops get picky about their batteries with all the smart tech. This one went in easy and works great
For the price, this bag is everything I could've asked for. Great for living in the city, riding a bike, going to work meetings, and business travel. For the other folks whose straps fell after the first couple of uses: that happened to me too. A very simple solution: using pliers to squeeze the ball socket openings tighter ABSOLUTELY fixed that issue. Best backpack I've had for a while, kudos!
This is an awesome idea and made my 11 year old so happy on a 9 hour trip. Very easy to install and versatile. She used it with her iPhone 7 and my iPad Pro both with cases on them. It was sturdy and secure.
My son absolutely loves it
Pros -quiet and cool exactly what I'm looking for in a card -great OC performance after using afterburner software -has a premium look Cons -a little more expensive than the other cards -heavier than expected ...afraid of it sagging -not a fan of the red and black color scheme
Soft, comfy, and a beautiful color.
I bought an iPad Pro 11" 3rd gen and this screen protector went on flawlessly. I had to adjust a few times to get it straight of course, but other than that, no issues. It's close enough to the edges to provide protection but not so close that it will easily chip. I typically order more than 1 because I've got a good chance of messing up the first time, but not this time. 10/10 would buy this again.
I've only had this laptop for a couple of days and I love it. The only thing I wish it had was a backlit keyboard:(. I didn't even think to make sure it had that function...kind of a bummer.
Touch screen for the 2018 ipad was uhh anyways. But the product is as advertised and I liked the framing assistance. Good product.
Fits the video port of my old Mac and works as hoped
Does the job. Appear to be well made with cable strain reliefs. A previous AmazonBasics cable lasted over three years of daily use before the cable entry in to the lightening connector began to fail. That earlier design lacked strain relief.
Bluetooth range seems reasonable for a shower speaker, and sound quality par for the course for this price. Slightly larger than expected.
Does what it's supposed with no issues thus far. Kind of hard to rate a cable like this, it either works or it doesn't lol.
Very nice looking, great quality and well designed case.
This thing is small. It works with most games I tried and holds a good charge.
Put in my garage, seems to be working great, no signs of mice or rats lately
Used a netgear before but this product is by far much better
Sturdy, cute/cool looking, and quality sound with no crackles. I'm very happy with my purchase!
Works really well. Like the aluminum case.
Product was exactly what I needed, capable of both Xbox 360 play and hooking up to my phone to play Minecraft better. Got here fast and was in perfect condition. Great seller.
I use this laptop stand with my 15" MacBook Pro. The gripping material allows my laptop to sit on the stand without any movement and equally as important, secures the stand to the surface you are working on. All around, the materials used for this laptop stand are of high quality. The mechanism used for folding out the stand is very sturdy and does not change position unless that is your intention. I have used laptop stands that change position if you so much as nudge them. That's not the case with the Nulaxy. I opted for the grey version and the product is aesthetically pleasing. It has a minimalist design without sacrificing any functionality. The folding function coupled with the lightweight design, allow me to pack it right in my bag when traveling. It's perfect for flying and setting up a workstation in your hotel room.
Easy installation, drivers installed themselves, and the picture and sound workds great. I don't see any difference from USB to HDMI port than from other methods i've, I used to connect to HD tv to watch high definition movies.
I easily and quickly put this case on my Mac Book 13". Color is great, based on my 1 time use after receiving, I'm pleased.
Very quiet and you won't regret it if you hate mouse click sounds all day long!
I'm new to PC, just got a whole set up two weeks ago, but I LOVE this keyboard, and for the price it is amazing, highly suggest buying this!
Really lightweight, good battery, easy to use and setup (it took 5 seconds on my Mac). A little bit small for men hand, i'm not sure you can use it for gaming but fine for everything else. You can easy take it for travels and it looks stylish. I like it!
I love this product. I can connect many devices with just one usb device from my computer. It's also very compact, allow it to fit in many small holes. I also love the color. Best of all, it's extremely convenient to bring along to travel.
Works as expected and is inexpensive
Easy to install and good dimensions to locates in hidden spaces
Glad I purchased this, maybe I need another for my Samsung note 8
I like the thickness of the case- just right. It definitely good protection in case you drop it(or kids). Fit well the IPad 2017. Stand stable. Magnet is convenient. Love it.
This product is great. Fits perfectly and does the job. The cord is good length and there is also a cord wrapper velcro. Good for travel.
I us this and it keeps my iPad safe and storage is wonderful!
I record music and noticed a big sound card introduced latency. Whether it actually adds up and is audible or an issue, idk. So I sold it and bought this one. I actually also dont use the driver for this as the windows default driver works better, to me. Latency was reduced by measure although Im still not sure if that causes a real issue. Picture quality looks fine in 1080. Streaming video isnt that great. Idk if its the driver or the card itself. Works for what I intended though.
I use this to add displays and to connect my mouse, keyboard and external hard drive on my MacBook Pro. It works great and takes up minimal space. This helps clean up my desk and allows for more attachments since the MacBook pro only has USB-C ports.
Bought as a graduation gift for a student. Her eyes lit up and I was delighted to hear her say "I LOVE IT!" she's a fairly reserved gal. It's big enough for a laptop, tons of pockets and organizing spots and ultimate COOL factor is definitely high!
looks good and doesn't feel cheap
Works perfectly thanks
Was tired of my mouse pad moving the adhesive is holding up amazingly my rating might change depending on how it comes up if i ever want to replace it
I ordered wrong item, and they were very polite and helpful with my return. I would recommend them to friends.
great product, easy to use, recommended!
Very impressed with the quality of the headset that I purchased, sound and mic work very well, would definitely recommend this brand.
I like it. Very stylish and durable. Wish it had a kickstand
This is a very good usb c hub, I use this to connect devices. The heat dissipation is really good. AND appear nice, i used it everyday, to connect my phone to the device.
Great material very soft to protect from scratch, dust and rough surface
I bought this cover for my friend as a gift. He likes it very much. The skin looks like marble from far and look gorgeous when look closer. Material is good and easy installed. Can recommend this.
highly recommended , this is best quality product!
Has a changeable number lock that is heavy duty and seems as durable as the case, and as a bonus, has two metal bound holes for padlocks, if you REALLY want to secure you stuff. Which I do, and I did, and its great. Love it.
Its a thumb drive and works.
Great product you should buy it.
I got this for my new iMac Pro, it fit perfectly. I didn't use the screen saver bc, well I never touch my screen. Looks great as I do use it for business.
Very good, served the purpose
a great arcade stick, brings back memories when i used to go to the arcades and connected great with raspberryPi 3, just got to program the bottoms to the settings and you are set, im definitely going to buy another in the future
I highly recommend! Screen protector can be a little challenging to install however, they provide the best customer service walking you through installing the protector. Couldn't ask for a better experience!!
Great product for the price! Would definitely buy again
My daughter liked them
This is a really great case for the 3rd generation iPad 12.9 . It's very sturdy but is lightweight
The construction of the bag is very solid. The leather smells good like a nice leather should. I did not have to "Air it out", to get rid of overly smelly leather. I don't see any weak joints or any areas not looking good. I expect this bag to last a long time.
I finally found a great device for my phone. I am tired of trying to decide what pictures to delete. With this flash drive I don't have to anymore. Now, whenever I need more storage on my phone all I have to do is plus this in. It is great. It works amazingly.
Haven't tried it yet but in good condition, I'll let you know in a week or two
I have a few usb cable items that I use in crafting and I love that I can charge them all in one place so they are ready to go when I need them. Very glad I found this item and
Very easy to install into my computer.
Works well for personal or business purposes.
For the money I would buy it again
Beautiful case seems sturdy and love the flowers.
Great product! I love the fact that it doesn't have a cord like the other model
Works as outlined. Very functional and reliable.
Extremely simple to set up and place in house. I have a large house and half my house had a weak to no internet reception. It fixed that issue well and easily. Now even the most remote part of my house has good connectivity. perfect range and perfect speed. easy to set up.
Great fit on I Pad pro 10.5. No problems with smell for me. Highly recommended.
These little switches are ideal for lots of different applications and we use a lot of them! The metal construction is a real plus, and they have been very reliable in the field. You'd be hard pressed to find a better un-managed switch at this price point!
My son loves it and says it works great
If you follow the sellers very easy instructions, you will be pleased with the performance from the battery as well as the value of the battery. I would definitely order from them again and recommend using their batteries.
This is one of the best speakers i have purchased. would definitely purchase again.
Great product and service.
Good mic, headphones definitely block out other sounds and have great audio quality.
Bought this to use for work as I didn't like the messenger bag the office gave me. Has worked perfect with my laptop and I really appreciate the charging port for my cell phone. I use it every day getting it out of my vehicle multiple times per day and it looks as perfect as the day I pulled it out of the box.
Solid & durable, powers the iPad on/off when closing/opening, and the stand works great at different heights...just wish I could have it stand for portrait orientation, rather than just landscape orientation, but clearly I know it wasn't designed for that. Love it!
Not much I can say about these since I'm not a RAM expert. They work well with my ryzen 2700x with no issues. I did have to do some slight configuration in the bios in order to get the sticks to run at the correct speed, but there was a button that auto-configured this for me. I do like that sticks like these have an outer covering since it makes it easier to handle them when inserting them into the dimm slots in comparison to the old ddr3 sticks I had that were just plain boards.
Works great with my iPad. Saved so much money buying this pen instead of the apple pen. Has a quality feel to it.
Almost doubled the speed of my computer.
Charger itself was new and was sold for a good price. Worth the buy. I was skeptical at first, but after a month with the product, I honestly have no complaints on it. Furthermore, the price was right.Just like the one in the apple store. I will do business with you again.Yes! this seems to be genuine great charger. Exactly as advertised.Very happy with charger!
Bought it for my desktop gaming, sound very clear and bass very strong, mic work great when gaming online with my friends, they can hear very clear . Earpads are large enough to cover your entire ear , very soft and smooth leather , leds ring are nice touch , built quality excellent. Great job .
Cable works great! Connected a Lenovo laptop to a DVI input monitor without any difficulties.
Bought for Christmas for my stepson. he absolutely loved it.He is really enjoying this tablet. The case really makes the tablet, it fits well and feels very secure. Very happy with this purchase!
Does the job well. Works great on Win10.
Great for my Surface Pro 4. Snaps right into the case, with room open for the magnetic pen, and keyboard covering the screen.
I bought this cable because I did not want excess wire when charging my iPhone in my car - I have a cup holder stand for my phone which is very close to my car's USB port. After just over 18 months, the cable stopped working and I emailed Anker customer service. I was literally a week after the 18-month warranty and Anker was gracious enough to replace the cable free of charge! How about that? That is what I call excellent customer service and for this reason, I will continue to purchase Anker products as I am a firm believer in their dedication to their customers!
the WD bloatware is somewhat annoying but this product works well for me. USB-C is completely non important on slow HDD drives like this one, but it makes it super easy to connect to my MacBook Pro... even if I forget a dongle.
It's an Ethernet cable. It's blue and it is 100 ft. long. It works. I have not noticed any Ethernet packets leaking out of the cable. What else is there to say?
Great monitor for the price range. Looks absolutely beautiful.
It's fast... it's really fast. I wont bore you with technical diagrams and readouts of why this processor is amazing. Instead I will try to portray a real world environment for you. I bought this processor to use in a little home theater / couch gaming build i was making. This computers roles were going to be running a 24/7 Plex Media Server for myself and about 15 other people, while also simultaneously being able to do some light couch surfing/gaming. My god does this thing perform. Stream 4K halfway around the globe for my buddy in Norway? Check. Let me play a fast paced online FPS from the couch at the same time? Check. Wife Streaming her favorite TV show in the other room? Check. All at the same time. Not even a sign of this little guy having a hiccup. This is the processor of Gods.
"Everything is exactly as advertised. It is a perfect Switch case. Soft yet rugged on the outside. The handle is strong and solid, I'm not worried about it breaking off at all. The inside zipper uses a more soft gel handle so it won't scratch anything. The Switch's screen is protected by the soft padding of the game cartridge holder that folds over top of it. And the Switch rests on a thick foam lining in the case. There is a Velcro strap to secure the Switch in the case so it can't slide around or fall out. It can hold almost 20 game cartridges. There is also plenty of room for games, extra controllers, and your charger. The hard shell offers a lot more protection than other weaker cases I've used before. I feel like I could drop this case and everything inside would be fine. This case is definitely better and roomier than the Nintendo brand ones at the store. If you're debating, just buy it."
Fast shipping. Screen protector is great quality. Easy to install.
Super comfortable and durable! Great for playing all types of games, but does easily stain so make sure to keep it clean.
Works great for my iPhone 6S. Sturdy as well.
Exactly what we needed
well made and easy to fit highly recommended
I had mistakenly ordered the Logitec case for my iPad Pro, but it didn't fit. It was about 150.00. This feels and functions just as well for a fraction of the cost. My first keyboard had damage to the space right key on the lower right corner of the keyboard. I messaged the seller and they sent me a new keyboard next day. I love this product and my iPad feels totally safe and secure locked within.
by far one of the easiest usb flash drives ive used!!!
I have purchased 6 of these and I am happy with each of them. I look forward to doing business again. Thank you. :)
I got this keyboard because I wanted to upgrade form a regular office keyboard for gaming, and so far so excellent. I've had it for a year or two, and some of the keys (especially WASD) have lost their mate feel which makes them pretty tacky. But it doesn't bother me too much (and I guess it could happen to any keyboard).
Does the job with no problems, simple set up!
It works well for my family's photos and short videos. I had it for about 2-3 yrs. I bought another one for my hubby to store our tax files. It is a keeper due to its reliance and portability. We keep it in a zipped casing with a little pocket for a cable and are very content with the purchase.
This honestly works perfectly and its SUPER convenient!
Perfect DPI which you can change and the colors also are nice. Cool features such as weights and an app which you can download to change DPI and Color.
So far, so good. The unit actually has 2TB of Memory, not the 1TB the description says...nice! It is LARGE
Excellent Works Great with My Elecom Trackball Mouse..
I love this monitor. In fact, I have two of these bad boys sitting on my home office desk and love it. I can have multiple windows open at one time and bounce back and fourth without even a blink. It has driven my productivity level up 80% from using just the screen on my laptop. I own my own company and work on several projects at the same time or one big projects using several programs at once. Having two of these monitors makes it much easier to switch between programs and do work much easier. The picture quality is great, and the clarity is phenomenal. I highly recommend this product to anyone who needs a high picture quality monitor on which to work. Best technology purchase I have made in a long time.
I have issues streaming on home TV from time to time. I rarely have that issue with my Macbook. When I receive an issue on my Tv I hook up to my laptop with this hub. No lagging and great quality transfer. I recommend this 5 in 1 USB C Adapter, because of the HDMI port.
I've dropped my ipad at least 3 times onto concrete in the past 2 months. This case has held up like a champ. There are some scratches along the leather and corners, but nothing unsightly. It is truly the best protection you can get for around $20.
I was looking for a keyboard for my I pad that has a number pad on it I use it to do a lot of billing. This work great just wish it was a little smaller in size.
Very nice finish. Was a little too big for the laptop. Didn't use it long enough to say on durability. Overall, great design. My second buy and not disappointed at all
Well packaged, a great gift for my best friend who is such a big game lover. He was looking for a great gaming headset for a long time. He plays PS4 games and says this headset works with his game console perfectly. He is very satisfied with this wired headset. When i chat with him on line, i hear the sound clearly and he hear me clearly too. According to his feedback, this headset with microphone picks up sound well, there has nearly no surrounding noise to pick up. What make me decide to buy this headset is its good-looking appearance, and the description describes it is easy to use just plug and play which my friend says it is indeed. So happy that my friend is satisfied with this headset, really a great gift for game lover. Such a great PS4 headset.
Great product, easy to use! Fast shipping!
Works great, easy to apply.
This cable is a perfect match to my Nikon camera.
I used this to fit underneath the borosilicate bed for my 3D printer. It helps give consistent thermal transfer between the heat bed and the glass. I'm glad I got this, rather than just sitting the glass on the metal bed.
Fit nicely. Looks good as well.Arrived quickly and looked just like pictured!A great fit and surprisingly durable.Was better than I anticipated.Highly recommend this product.It fits like a glove & very slim,
Good backlit keyboard that is an affordable option for people looking for an Apple keyboard. It seems to be well built and in my opinion is better than the $100+ Apple keyboard. The fact that is backlit and priced under $35 makes this a no brainer purchase.
I really loved it and my daughter loved it too very good .yes, I recommend to all parents
Works as it should on my original Xbox one.
This is a great portable hub for any Nintendo Switch owners. It easily fit into the Switch case and can be a carryover to the Friends/Family house. What is great about this is that it has two usb 3.0 slots to have additional devices to connect to. We've play over at other people house and even take it with us to our mini vacation. Very portable and good quality hub. I even plugged in my Note 8 and it is able to mirror my phone to the TV without any issues.When you buy it back at the beginning, Nintendo can't use it, then you can carefully connect the original power supply.
Simple & effective. Still using the first of 5, screen is scratch and blemish free. Great product!
I just received my bag and it is BEAUTIFUL! It has a lot of room and is very sturdy! I will be purchasing another in a different color!
This is the best standalone USB charging station I have used. The display shows current draw for everything plugged in and shuts off when they reach 100%.
One of the most durable ones I've ever had. Same colour as the image.
this is a very good driver it works great fast and efficient
Gorgeous display. Super fast and super light. This is the most beautiful pc on Win 10. It's worth to buy.
Great product, no need to pay extra money for space on any cloud
We used them for connecting our 2 pc's and 1 laptop to the router. They all experienced an uptick in speed =) We love the connection as it doesn't snag but is easy to disconnect when needed.
These are super thin and tiny. Perfect for phones. I can't feel it when u hold my phone against my ear. The cover is really thin so it is easy to bend which will make it difficult to slide open and close but I really like the small size.
I chose this stand because I needed two slots to hold both my MacBook and iPad and the price is around half of similar stands. I was really impressed with the minimalist design. My desk is a lot less cluttered and it's super convenient to access all the ports. I also liked that it holds my devices a bit higher off the table in case you have a spill. There is included glue but I didn't find it necessary since the parts fit together pretty snugly for me. Pros: - Cheaper than similar laptop stands - Two slots - Holds your devices a bit higher off the table compared to other stands - Included phone stand was nice - You have the option of spray painting the bamboo whatever color you want - Assembly took 5 seconds Cons: - No padding on the inside of the arms
Seems to be working. easy to install.
Perfect! Been using for over a week now and is still top notch and working perfectly. And didn't even have to program it to the ps3 AND you don't have to have batteries for this! It comes w a charging cord.
It's a good product works as advertised..it even supports a gamin mouse and led keyboard
Purchase it for my daughters she loves it
Works as described. Easy set up too for wifi strength extension.
For anyone who likes to get organize with lots of space for all your gadgets, this is the one for you!
So for I love it and will probably switch to the 32GB for photos in two of my cameras and get a couple of 64GB for the camera I do videos with. Thanks
Playing call of duty Black ops 4 and more love them
This bag is just great. It has tons of space. I fit a 15" laptop in along with my tablet, phone, purse and books and it doesn't drag down or burden my shoulders. The quality is good too.
Works great, came with an extra battery, an extra pin and magnets. Easy mess-free coloring writing. Love it!
Small enough to sit directly on top of TiVo Mini without modification. Have it blowing upward on lowest speed. Practically silent. Lowered Mini temperature to 35 degrees from about 45 degrees.
Works wonderfully well. Installation was a snap with very good instructions.
Still working no problem with device
I am sure a few keyboard enthusiasts will turn their nose up at this but for me it was a fantastic value. I found that the super compact keyboards were super frustrating to use because the arrows are under layers. This one is great, the best of both worlds. a compact keyboard that gets the mouse closer to neutral position but does not bury some of the commonly used keys under layers.
Love it. Perfect and exactly what I wanted.
Very nice and professional looking briefcase. The material feels like quality leather and the bag is actually quite spacious. I can fit a padfolio, a mini padfolio, a tablet, and several chargers with room to spare. I also love that it can lock!
Totally in love with my new watch is perfect
Just perfect. Protect not bulky! I bought another one!
I have a laptop that doesn't have Bluetooth built in and the wifi started cutting out, so I got this. It's neen working fine thus far.
This bag was perfect! The product is exactly as described and just what I was looking for.
My laptop and stuff love this bag. Everything fits perfectly. I would recommend.
It's a cute little keyboard, smaller than I thought it would be but that's ok. Not sure if it works yet but I am eager to find out.
Read/Write speed is fast, very stable. It made my 8 years old desktop running a lot faster now.
Great quality, a bit tricky to set up, but the instructions are clear and there are youtube videos to help set it up. Make sure to watch them a couple of times.
It's exactly what I wanted.Good cable
Easy to install and the red LED's look great with the red RipJaws I used. Works great as well
good quality I installed it under dash and worked out great.
Bought this after my laptop kept crapping out and I bought a second new battery and it did the same thing. I bought the laptop from a PC 'repair' guy, who, it turned out, didn't do much before selling it to me, other than make sure it turned on. He said it had a new battery and charger, but it died and would not boot. I bought the battery first, but it drained and would not recharge. Before it did, it would not go above 70% charged. So I got this, figuring the battery AND charger together were still LESS than a repair shop would charge just to look at it. I read the reviews, and even though one Youtube video said I should buy ONLY an ASUS cord, I found that my laptop is a few years old so....the reviews on this looked good. Once I plugged this in, my PC booted right up, and the new battery charged back up to 100% and has remained at full charge. I guess I'm a little cautious, but I've kept the laptop plugged in.
Very sleek and responsive mouse with excellent battery life. Classy looking white & gold color. Not ideal for hardcore gaming but more than adequate for everything else.
Needed an inexpensive replacement for a broken model. This fit the bill. Works as it should.
Everyone needs a screen protector for Apple devices.
Very cute and handy. Fits my laptop and chords.
My wife loves this-very light and great colors to chose from-loves the teal-thanks for an excellent product at a very reasonable cost!
The ram works exactly how it is supposed to thank you very much good price and good product
My laptop keyboard doesn't have the Numpad. So I was looking for some full wireless keyboard within budget. The design of the keyboard is very neat and feels very nice to type. The mouse was a bonus. Very responsive and much better than the finger pad on my laptop. If you're looking for a good wireless keyboard and mouse combo, then this product is a great option!
looks pretty good and it feels durable. Well recommended.
Very firm and doesn't move or fray from the center. Great peripheral and addition to any gaming or non-gaming setup.
pretty nice watch !I can use it when i work, I'm so happy for that! That got so many function, i can use it take a photo, i can check everything I want like a message, miss called,~and quality not bad ~now I got a phone can used in my working time!
Works flawlessly on my I7 8700k. Cooled it right down. Works as advertised. Absolutely Zero problems with Corsair's software ICue. Extremely helpful in monitoring not only the pump and pump fans but pretty much every other component, even displays NVME drive temps. On pretty much every setting the pump and fans are dead silent. On extreme when there maxed out there is very quiet whirl to the pump but literally any ambient noise downs it out. Installation was easy, used there supplied thermal paste. Works just fine. Only reason I am replacing my paste is because im delidding my cpu or it would still be using the pre applied paste. Couldnt ask for a better product. Instructions were easy to read. Pump is powered via Sata connector. Usb plug in is for ICue to read pump and to adjust colors. Fan splitter is to hookup all three fans to pump. Last cable is a tach cable to plug into the motherboard so it doesnt freak out thinking no cpu fan is plugged in. Hope this review helps!
Best mechanical keyboard I've ever owned (which is a lot of keyboards) by far. You can't go wrong. Very happy with my strafe.
I loved the Top Case for my Mac Book Pro. It arrived on time and completely package protectively. It was easily installed to cover my computer. I have never had a cover for my keyboard, but I was very pleased with the comfort of typing on it and the very close fit. Definitely a great protector.
Worked just fine immediately upon boot-up. A little tinkering with resolution and off I went. Easy Peasy!
Works like a charm nice feel
Just what was described. Its exactly what I was looking for and works great for use with Ableton
Seems to work good, see how long it last
Not my favorite layout but everything else is great.
Bought these for my Surface Go and they fit perfectly. As noted from some other users, the glass does cover the Microsoft Hello Infrared camera, but this does not impact functionality at all. It's very easy to install once you're sure that the environment is dust free and there were no bubbles. It's been on my device for over a month and it's still virtually brand new and is easy to clean.
Fit perfectly and does everything as advertised.
Like the look of the case, feels smooth but sturdy- will definitely protect my MacBook
Great condition will buy more in the future
I loved this. I've always bought the expensive cases but I took a chance loved it then ordered another for the other tablet.
i was skepticle of ordering this at first. I usually by original chargers, but this one is the real deal! cant tell its not original!
At this price point I found it hard to find anything that wasn't just a scratch protector. This has a nice, raised barrier on the top and bottom for extra protection from pressure and an 1/8" border of rubber everywhere the case and computer meet. That means there's one more thing absorbing shocks and bumps before the actual chassis of the computer has to.
I love this stand/case because it is so easy to adjust my screen to whichever direction I want!
These work well and are easy to use. The cable itself seems a little slim and flimsy compared to other USB C Cables I have used but it doesn't get warm so no worries.
My previous gaming mouse ended up finally kicking the bucket and I was on the look out for a new mouse. Stumbled onto this one and I am certainly pleased. Fits perfectly in my hand and super easy to use. I can game effortlessly again!!
The cord works well with my new MacBook Pro.
Product does take up a lot of usb ports and a little loud but if it's not something you need everyday it's not big deal. Overall I would recommend. Seller is exceptionally amazing!
These controller holders are amazing! They fit perfectly and match the color of the controllers. Would totally recommend!
Came before estimated delivery time. Came in Perfext condition. Works perfectly for my 3rd monitor.
Works good, easy to install, doubled my MBP storage! God Bless you all!
Works like brand new but half the price.
It's a beauty! Can't say much more than it's perfect - See photo. I've bought several colors but the Crystal Pink (in photo) is my favorite. It's durable too. Buy!
This is quite a nifty little wireless keypad. It was very well protected for shipping. The touch and feel is identical to my keyboard, the number pads are large and easy to use. Great price, and it seems like a great product so far.
I love this product. I had a mac book pro before getting my mac book air for the holidays and I was worried at first because I have most of my work on USB hard drives. But when I searched Amazon and discovered that they make adapters for my mac book air that had no usb outlets just the plugs to charge it I new that this was going to work out great! I read the reviews and they were great! This Purgo USB C Hub Adapter fits perfect in the 2 outlets to connect to MY Air! I highly recommend this product and would definitely tell all of my friends that are afraid of up grading their computers! When this product is inserted, it's a perfect match with the MacBook Pro. There is no gap and the edge parallels with the laptop. It's made of aluminum alloy and it touches like the shell of the Macbook. The charging speed and the data transmission speed are both very fast. All the interfaces can work at the same time and don't disturb each other. So far, no problem is found. The only thing is that it's getting hot after long-time use. The temperature is nearly the same with that of the laptop, which is acceptable.
Bought this to handle a few games with tons of keyboard options and have not been disappointed. It took me a couple of tries (probably user error) to get the driver installed properly but once I did the device and accompanying software work great together. The backlit keys are fully configurable and, if the game supports it, will flash to indicate things like low health or level up. All in all a great little device.
Worked perfectly. Needed this for when I am working from home.This item works great!
Fast delivery. Works great.
The keys are too crammed together but otherwise it's good
Works very well! I have had it for 3 years now and it is still running strong!
Perfect, just what I needed when my computer slot quit working. My computer technician recommended it. I was able to download all my pictures.
Fits perfectly and prevents hand injuries great product highly recommend Safe buy
Perfect fit exactly as shown in picture.
Screen works perfect. I got a crome book new but damaged from local store. Only gave $15 for it had broke screen. Ordered this screen replaced the broke one in under 15 minutes. And it works perfect.
Worked fine. Very flexible versus less flexible round cables. Recommended.
Fortunately this item came in it's own box from the factory. Amazon placed it in a bigger box with some loosely fitting paper filler. The Amazon shipping box was closed and a single strip of tape was hastily applied to the top seam. Pressure was not applied to the tape so it would stick to the box. When USPS delivered the box one flap was open. I realize shipping personnel are pressured to pack as many items as possible. Amazon does a good job refunding and or replacing for damaged goods but there's gotta be a balance where poor shipping will effect profit and customer satisfaction. I have pictures if necessary.
Good product, kind of misread the description and bought for an older version of the macbook pro.
Very satisfied with the transaction, the overall effect is very good, the satisfaction is more than expected, the next time I buy a sister
I originally had my computer in a computer sleeve, but i hated take the time to unzip the sleeve and having to put it back in my bag just to take it out again to put my computer away. With this case I know my computer is protected. It also added some decoration to my surface pro (decorative cases are almost non-existent for these laptops). I love my case!
I really enjoy everything about this backpack. The quality is great. Color and design are super stylish. It's a durable, multifunctional bag built for everyday.
Exactly as advertised, but bare in mind this includes absolutely no mounting hardware. If you're purchasing for a new build, you'll need screws and spacers.
This replaces one which was too small for my hand and it is now plugged into my Toshiba laptop. It fits perfectly in the port and I use it daily. It was a great buy.
I wanted to get rid of using a USB WiFi adapter on an older dual core AMD machine I put together using Linux Lite. Since this is an older machine I did not want to invest much money into the system due to its age and lack of every day use. I found this card and it seemed to fit the bill. I also needed a PCI and not PCI-E card due to lack of any other port types. Installed and decided to look at the contents of the included CD where I found a Linux folder. Surprise as many vendors do not support Linux. Turns out I didn't not need to try and load any additional drivers over what were installed naively with the Operating System. Selected the SSID of my network, entered password and a few seconds later I was greeted with connectivity. Tested speeds at speedtest.net and all were fine. Well fine for what my lovely ISP provides (not advertises but actually provides). Time will tell if it lasts but at initial installation it meets all my expectations and then some.
I like how there is a compartment for my charger & whatever else I need to put in the bag. I only do not like how bulky it looks when the charger is inside. Other than that, I love this laptop sleeve.
Great keyboard! Love the light transitions. Connects with no problem. Nice, slim design!
Shoulder strap is very hand. Zipper seems strong and functional.
I have a very hard time plugging in electronics, the magnet is awesome..it automatically attach when you place your item close, no more fumbling.
Love it! the size is perfect! I've been wanting a larger one but I didn't want to spend a bunch of money on it. So getting this under $100.00 is amazing value. Make sure you go to the huion website and get the latest drivers. And download the app so you can customize every button on it to exactly what you want.
I did a lot of research before buying this. apparently lots of cables cant handle lots of information. using the cable for 165hz 1440p monitor and its good.
Worth at this price for the encryption quality it provides.
Fit perfectly!!! Not a real fan of pink.. .but, that is okay... Would reorder in a snap!
This is a classy business like laptop tote.
I have a new computer now
Fast shipping, great service, Will use again.
Looks super nice! I liked the keys feedback. Looks stylish and everything. Really nice.
Good quality stickers.
Fit perfectly on my MacBook and I like the texture cause it does not feel metallic like all laptops do.
Great cooler! Keeps my i7-7700k CPU nice and cool!
It was exactly what we wanted it to be. Fits perfect and very sturdy and durable. Great product for a great price!
A very positive shopping experience, shipped in time. Terrific product. I've replaced all my cables with these -- they don't fray/fall apart around the connectors, and they work. You can tell that this will not break easily. I bought these for my brother
Best looking fans in the market so far
The color is positive and the style is beautiful. Consistent with the description, there is no color difference, it is very comfortable to touch, the zipper is also smooth, and it will not be stuck. thank. If there is a need in the future, I will not be hesitant to pay for it. It is worth buying.
It worked reliably.With that said, there are times when I needs to charge my phone but I doesn't have a Lightning cable. This is my choice, thanks for this kind of design.really does support Fast Charging to iPhone X, XS MAX, and above.Fantastic adapter.
I love this cover to my MacBook Pro and so does everyone else I pull it out in front of. Best $15.00 I ever invested. LoL Thanks A Million Mosiso
Trustworthy brand with enough Watts for a low/mid tier PC. Nice black cables that does interfere and keeps a clean look. Good price for what you're getting.
The headset works well for gaming, has a clear mic, not distorted at all.
Perfect fit. It's not easy to take off which I was surprised, great coverage.
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it. It was a big update for her gaming rig and really improved her graphics! She said she noticed a big difference. It's been very reliable so far for many weeks of Skyrim (and other gaming).
For those of us who do not like the noisy, raised keyboards of the past, this one is for you.
Doesn't get to hot when plugged in all day. Happily connects your older USB-A devices, a single HDMI monitor and hard-wired Ethernet connections. USB-C for newer style devices or power-pass-thru.
Used this case to build a very basic desktop for my parents as they are not the most tech-savvy. This case was perfect because it is small, compact but very easy to build in. It also looks very nice and gives the presentation of a very high quality PC. I would recommend this for anyone making a casual workstation or a high level gaming rig.
My old charger on 13” MacBook Pro died on me and was lucky to find this item. Works great so far!
Just as expected. A+
Only had it for a couple of days. Working great
Easy to use and store pictures from my iPhone 7.
Total plug n play! But you can't see if it works until you use it with an app.
Perfect length for charging phone off my Mac or from a small charger. Works great
My job requires that I travel to a lot of locations and this has been the perfect addition to my work bag!! Worked great everytime ive used it!
I'm skeptical of a lot of these sorts of cheap dongles. A lot of the time they *sorta* work but are flaky or have some weird gotchas. Not so here! This makes a PS2 function with a PS4 controller as if it was meant to be. The only feature you don't get, obviously, is using the PS button to suspend/shutdown the device.
This item works great and I am very happy with my purchase.
Just used for more then 1 week, but almost identical to the original charger,works fast and good qulaity till now.
perfect for an extra charger to take on trips
Make sure to set it up by only plugging directly into a computer.
Love this case it fits my RCA viking 10.1 perfect !!!!! Came early and in perfect condition !!
Works great, thanks!
Could not get any easier. Just push the button and record! Finally a reliable way to make my streaming video portable. Videos appear to record in 30 minute segments.
It came within 2 days. And now i can still use the charging cables that I already had. Have had no problems.
Such a great case that exceeded my expectations! Love how easy it was to install, the color is pretty pink for my daughter, and I absolutely love the stand! Such a great way that you can turn and bend the stand as you wish! Perfect! I hope this case lasts a long time as I know it will protect my iPad for sure!
The design and color are beautiful. Is really comfortable.
Fast shipping. Much better than I expected. It look almost brand new! Thanks I like it,fast delivery great product.Works really good and its cheaper than the original charger
Still have them use them a lot
Nothing use for take still photos
This product was a gift for a recent high school graduate who needs it for college in the fall (and is using it right now as well). Recipient liked all the features of this lap top.
Son got this mainly due to space and comfort for hands. He loves it!
This item was a lot better than I originally thought it would be. Arrived quickly. Works very well with my iPad and on top of that is super cute! I love it because I travel with Work and can use this to type up my documentation quickly without toting around my laptop.
After initial test product works great, picture quality is excellent. Once plugged in my Macbook Pro defaulted to screen mirroring, I changed display to multiple screens and had no issues. Great product after initial test!
A beautiful bag and a great deal..........Enough room for lap top etc.
like it very nice to work with it
Worked perfectly right out of the box. No hassle. Just hook it up and plug stuff in.
Very nice cables, smooth feel, very flexible.
Standard product and it works well. No issues with it.
Fans are the quietest I've had to date, case is gorgeous and was easy to install everything in.
the design is very nice, it has a great feeling on the hands, design wise for gamers is top notch, Great controller for a great price, no lags and responsive overall very impressive switch controller
This black little guy gives me a lot of convenience. It's a great card reader. As you know, it has four interfaces, no matter what your cell phone is, or what phone your family is using, it can be perfectly compatible, and its reading speed is very fast, which I didn't expect. Whether you work in the office or the game player, it can work well with your work. I want to give a great compliment to this product.
Came in a nice packaged box and transfer speed is decent. For the price I have no complaints.
The most important thing to know before purchasing this product is it does not work well if you have a case that grasps the table at the glass. I replaced a Soke case because it kept raising the edges of the PaperLike. If you use an Apple Smart cover everything fits perfectly.
I have been using this keyboard for about 2 months and so far so good. Nice feel to the keys. I was worried that it would need frequent recharging but so far it has not needed it all and I use it several hours a day. I use it with an Apple laptop with two monitors. No problem synching it. The only feature that it doesn't have that might be nice is backlighting if you want to use it at night, but then that would definitely drain the battery faster.
I bought this for my house, yes, but also because it looks like it's making a little face at you.Boosted my wifi signal to max in my upstairs bedroom,i needed this for streaming netflix&for a wired connection to my ps4 which it does perfectly.
sleek slim design perfect for a full desk
I replace my old mouse that is the old version of the M65 elite, that last me for 7 years, very nice product from Corsair.
Another great product.
I bought this for our company ipad and am very pleased. When the cover closes it puts the ipad to sleep and really saves my battery. I was having trouble with my battery not lasting a day and now it will last days.
Great for my little boy .
I'm using this for a white elephant gift exchange and tested it out recently. I was surprised at how good this speaker performed. The sound is clear and you get quite a bit of volume with it. The bass isn't shabby either. What I really liked was the remote it comes with. I paired my iPhone and was able to control my playlist using the remote. Apple products are usually finicky with third party products so I was glad to see this works just fine. The radio feature is what drew me to this particular speaker because most speakers don't have this. I was able to catch almost all my local stations with minimal static. I wasn't able to test the SD card port because I don't store any music that way. Overall, this speaker is a steal at $16. I'm tempted to keep it for myself. Pros: - good sound quality - radio capability - pairs easily with iPhone - remote works with iPhone - five different ways to listen to music - portable Cons: - none that I've found
I am happy with the quality of this product. I bought this as an extension for my USB port on the back of my TV. I was tired of turning my TV around every time I wanted to plug in a USB based device. I was also worried about the port being worn down due to constant attachment and removal of Flash drives. (My TV has a decent media player.) I do not want to have to buy a new TV just to replace a USB port.
My boyfriend and I bought this when we switched our internet service from unlimited to a set amount of GB per month. This allows us to stream Netflix on our phones using our cellular data instead of our wifi. You just need an HDMI cord and you plug it into your TV.
Firs directly over asus 15.6 lap top. No need for adhesive. Silicone holds tight in place. Very nice.
Great ethernet cable. Especially for the price. Works perfectly and was packaged well. I will definitely order from them again when I need more cables.
Perfect replacement. I left my original home during a road trip, ordered this. Fast delivery works flawlessly
I've had this router for going on 3 years now and haven't had any issues. It's been fast and dependable at the 3 places I've lived.
Works perfectly. Much longer chord than the original one too, so it is much more flexible!
fast, you adapt very fast to them, it is equal or even better than one with cables
I purchased 4 of these so that I could hook up my workstation's raid array in the internal back plane to an raid controller on the PCI express bus. The cables are well designed and good but they are really expensive in my opinion. However, it was the easiest technical fix to a sticky problem so I had no choice but to fork over $30 for the four cables. If you ask me they should be charging $7 for a set of 4 instead of each! That said I still gave it 5 stars because it works as advertised even if it is a point point in my wallet!
absolutely the best tablet holder. it's Slim but the leathers easily stretchable that you truly can fit more items . Worth the value and made to last. Best review I've given in accessories
Eluktronics is extremely underrated the computer quality is insane for the price and can run everything i could ever want to play on max graphics, if you are looking for a an affordable high end gaming laptop this is the one for you!
Works good for my MacBook Pro 2011.
The stand is holding a tablet in the pictures and it's a little bit heavier than an iPad and so we placed the cup under it it help keep it at eye level. It adjusts super easy and holds the tablet in place. It will work way better with the iPad or a slimmer/lighter tablet. This one is pretty heavy.
I'm usually the type to save up my money to buy legit, more expensive products from reputable brands because I believe the increased cost is a superior investment in the long term. But this time I decided to go the other route after doing my researching and finding out the ludicrous costs of keyboards from brands like razer and corsair. I was hesitant at first because this product is obviously from china and from a not so known brand. But after looking at the high reviews from other customers, I decided to take the plunge. I went with the stainless steel, blue-back lit option. So far after a year of use, I'm happy to report that this product is worth the cost. For only $40 you get a well made product with good (but unnecessary) features. The clicks are very tactile and is a joy to use. They are extra loud which some of you might prefer. But be aware that the loud noise might be an annoyance to others. I had to use my laptop keyboard in my room at night to not awake my roommate. Tha back lit feature is welcome but after using it for the first month, I leave it off. Actually, I'm only writing this review because I enjoy the typing experience on the keyboard so much and am using it to write this. Overall, a good $40 investment if you enjoy typing and are seeking an entry level mechanical keyboard to experience it.
Since I usually go to different companies to have a meeting or presentation. Somethings I would get different types of source like SD Card and I need to read and get the material immediately. Now, this stuff assist me a lot and I no longer worry about that I am not able to get the material.
This is just what I wanted. Fits my 2019 Galaxy tablet. I don't use it everyday- only when I travel. The neoprene smell was kind of strong, but I keep potpourri in it when not in use and that helps it smell nice. Good price,too!
I have only used it a few times but it seems great.
It's exactly what is needed. Does what it's supposed to do.
Perfect lil' Flash Drive with just enough space on it! I like that it is little. Works perfectly! This SanDisk Cruzer Fit Flash Drive-is a great find at a great price! Great all around.
I own two... needless to say, this is an amazing mouse.
LOVE IT! it effortlessly backs up photos and videos from my phone and I can easily move them to my laptop. Very intuitive. Great purchase.
Great mouse. This is my second one. One for work and one for home.
Bought a PS4 Pro for my father and wanted to upgrade the 1TB hard drive to a 2TB, but I also wanted more speed. This drive seamed like the perfect fit and it worked just as I had hoped. Easy to install and it is noticeably faster. Price is reasonable too. I have been using it for a few months now and have had no problems. I'll update
Works fine, but seemed a bit pricey for what looks like mostly a consolidation of cable and charging station.
Did not love some lack of alignment for the 4 hard-drive screws so the SATA connector had to be re-seated, if you're installing this in a mini or macbook pay attention to this, because if the HD screws stick out you wont be able to place parts back. The instructions included do not advise to replace the two retention screws at rear SATA connector, however the holes are pre-driller. Otherwise I am thrilled with this product, will update if fails, but looks sturdy. Don't forget to unglue non-grounding stickers from old Superdrive and re-glue to this enclosure on a Macbook Pro.
Easy to Install. Looks great.
Come in three weeks, such work is, in fact, not checked, is in charging, complete good adapter, seller communicate on a 16 GB took immediately. the product as described, the response from seller is excellent thanks to him for fast response highly recommended
Seems reasonably well made and works well with my laptop. Recommended.
Helps move battery away from panel
Works well with my HP laptop
Love it very flexible
It worked perfectly, producing excellent picture quality.
This laptop sleeve/case is perfect for I needed it for. I bought this case for my HP Stream 11.6 in. fits perfect, nice and snug and safe. great material on the inside. thick material, not thin or cheap at all. I'm really happy with the price as I only paid $8.99. Couldn't get a better deal!!!
This card reader is very elegant and simple. And convenient to carry, compact and convenient.The best part of this reader is the ability to connect the phone, so I can direct the photo.If you have been using a computer, it will be very troublesome. Use a mobile phone to export photos, you can easily pass photos via Bluetooth and other ways to others.
Very good!!!! Hold my phone even when the roads r bumpy. Best thing ever invented lol
The battery arrived on time, was easy to install, and has performed well. I'm very pleased.
I have bought a few of these never had any trouble.
Very well made, compact and a lot of memory. Highly recommended!
I would have preferred slightly tighter adhesion, especially along the edges, but these glass screen protectors do a great job. They are fairly easy to install and are almost impossible to detect. Their price point was excellent. I might also add they were packaged in a very high quality fiberboard folder that protected them well during shipment. I would highly recommend these screen protectors.
I am using this cable to connect a Sumsung T3 external SSD to a 2018 Mac Book Pro. It works great. The cable seems flexible yet strong enough to last. Time well tell, but I expect it to have above e average durability.
Great product. Keeps my PC running cool!!
One of my shopping lists is door bell. Because I love shopping online so I want my packages is secure delivery front my door! This door bell comes with video feature you can know who is push your bell! Also safety first when you have kids at house! The door bell is very easy to setup and it came with screws and tell you how to install it! Nice product!
So far the charger has been great, I have had it for two weeks so still new but it fit my computer perfectly and it charges it faster as well, i recommend anyone try it and I think the price is fair.
I cannot complain about this as a heavy gamer this keyboard really stands out better than a higher-priced item that you basically overpaid for
Works fast. Very good quality and easy to use. I like how small and compact it is as well. I will definitely recommend this to my family and friends.
I read many reviews of how this was super and a few about how it didn't seem to work, but given the overall rating and price it seemed worth it to order. After it arrived I plugged the cable in and it immediately worked. I've had no issues thus far. I have had no issues at all. Good product at a reasonable price given all the options out there. I'm very happy so far. I like that it will plug in whether your DVI has the special monitor pins or not. Solid product
PLUGED THE NEW HARD DRIVE IN, DOWN LOADED WINDOWS 10 ON A FLASH DRIVE FROM MY 2ND COMPUTER PUT THE FLASH DRIVE IN THE BAD COMPUTER HIT START HIT F12 WAM BAM EVERYTHING IS GOOD AGAIN.
All good, thank you!
The reaction is very sensitive, ideal for use on ipad. For me, it would be more convenient and easier than before to study on ipad and improve efficiency after using this product. Easy use easy charge easy take away. Very useful learning and work tool.
Excellent product. Used everyday for over a year. Looks like the day I bought it. Quality. Looks stylish as well!
Nearly threw away a perfectly competent radio under the illusion it had had its day . Phoenix from the ashes , superb results with no attempt at placement , I plugged the antenna in and placed it where I thought it couldnt be seen ( though its design is very discreet) and perfect reception for the pirate stations that once only offered hiss.Top marks .
Actually so far I haven't found anything I don't like about it except I might stay on it just a little bit longer it's very pleasant to the eyes that is really nice I was able to download Mojave
The quality is really good honestly for this price !! Very compact and space saving ! Just loving it!! ❤ the color comes in just like the description ! The external material is not cheap at all !! Really an excellent buy !!
Worked great for mounting my Xbox One (original) under my desk with room on the top and side for airflow. A bit expensive for a piece of metal shelving, but it's definitely sturdy.
Have been happy with the ones I've had for 5+ years (same brand), so purchasing more!
A small portable speaker with a big sound! It is compact so it easy for it to be taken anywhere. As a family we love to listen to music so this speaker is perfect.
IThis book bag is great! My son loves it . It will last him all school year due to the quality of the material. Thank you.
Exactly what I needed to replace the one that I broke. Thank you!!
My initial impression is excellent. Initial is key here because I've only had it for a few days. Time will tell if the durability matches my initial impression. The Pro's are: fit, quality feel, value, and device protection. Special mention is the magic kick stand which I'll discuss in a moment and the reason the Fintie Case caught my attention. Con's are: Screen protection, which is part of the case, slightly diminishes the touch sensitivity of the screen. The kick stand, as I said, is the real magic. This is a kick stand on steroids. The base of the stand is an octagon that rotates 360 degrees. The octagon base is surrounded by a trim piece which is attached to the base via a friction hinge. This piece can be opened up to 180 degrees. This is more magic. By rotating the base and opening the trim piece you can use your tablet at any angle you choose. This clever method of adjustment works wonderfully regardless of whether you use it in portrait or landscape mode.
Good product and reliable
Works as described. Quality product, great price.
The cover fit so perfectly and it did not take away from the slim design of my iPad. All the features as described on the website are accurate.
It is exactly what the product description says
I like this product that fits my iPad perfectly!
I ordered this SSD for my 9 year old computer which had a HHD original installed, my computer is in excellent conditions almost like new the unique problem was the speed it was super slow specially when multiple programs were running at the same time. I did a copy of my old HHD into the new SSD with a SATA (that by the way is not included, you have to purchase it separately) after that I installed the SSD in my computer and the magic happened, now is faster and quicker almost like a new one. I personally use my computer for easy and low-demand stuff like browsing, word, excel, PowerPoint, etc which were almost impossible to perform before with the HHD
Great product!! would buy again. UAG all the way
This controller feels great and looks great
Very light and quality is better than I expected. Good deal!
Everything I needed for a great price. I am using it as a primary PC controller, after installing custom drivers with a Bluetooth dongle I wouldn't have it any other way.
Very comfortable !!!
Boyfriend is very happy!
They are long so they go far.
Bought this to set up a home office because I work too much. Works great, exactly like the one I got from IT at work.
I've had this tablet for about a week and I haven't had any issues at all. The battery life is amazing and the screen is much better than the note 10.1 I had for the 3 years before I upgraded to this one. The only thing I don't understand, is why Samsung gave it an S pen that doesn't attach to the tablet at all?! I bought a fintie case that has a holder for the pen, so it isn't an issue anymore
Quiet, small, has all the necessary interfaces. My wife is very happy with such a present! Thanks a Lot!
Brought this for my 5 years old little cousin for her birthday and she very like this product.
I have an old Nokia phone from when I was like 15 and havent seen the pictures on there in years since the phone doesn't power on. Also, my mom passed away a few years ago and left a digital camera behind and with this awesome gadget im able to see allllll those old old pictures again!!!! Love it!
Love the colors and easy to use product. It fits perfectly over the keyboard. Wish it didn't peel up so easily when it catches your fingers, but other than that Love it!
I love this keyboard so much I bought a second one for my workstation at my job. My brother bought one for my mother as a gift, I ended up asking for one for my birthday, I love it!
Performs as expected. Nice package. Makes tablet a notebook.
I bought a refurbished MacBook Pro and the charger it came with was less than the recommended specs listed on Apples website. It was okay for just browsing the internet, but when it came to play video games with the hubby (an MMO)- my computer lost power even with the charger plugged in. I bought this one and it works great while playing video games. I've streamed on netflix/hulu and had no issues. Check on the Apple website to make sure the laptop is compatible with the charger you're researching, but no need to pay $80 for a charge, just go with this one.
I wanted to add bluetooth at work for my head phones and this did the trick! I bought another pair for a Hackintosh I created and it worked for that as well!
I bought this adapter for my MacBook Pro 13 inch. MacBook Pro is very convenience when you want to take it away but it really made me upset when I want to use my bigger monitor/TV and usb drives and to charge my phones because you can't use both when you output signal by HDMI cable. With this adapter I can do it and I have an extra USB-A port at the same time! I love this small adapter and certainly it is well worth the money!
I love this because my iPhone can be held when I lie down on the bed. I don't have to worry about my phone to be fallen from my bed and able to keep my phone charged all night. Also, the holder has soft pad inside to prevent the phone from damage since the clamp is pretty tight, I did try to hold iPhone only and I think it should be fine for iPad mini too.
Unboxed router and hooked up. Very simple and works like it is supposed to work. Very happy with purchase.
I love that you don't have to physically switch a switch on this thing to toggle between devices. When you turn one on, it automatically changes it to that device by itself!
Great product, fast shipping, came exactly as described in the item description.
Does what it's supposed to do, and what you expect it to do. Easy recommendation if you need one for an external SSD setup, copy files, or clone drives.
Arrived quickly. Excellent condition. Very sturdy and solid. Very happy with the purchase!
Had this for a while. It's a great addition to how one keeps their iPad safe. No complaints at this point
planning on using it for a trip to Hawaii. I have not used it yet. Service and price were great. Janet
Were very quick to help.
Not ideal for big hands but definitely improves gameplay experience.
Bought to clone my laptop drive to my new SSD hard drive. Worked as expected. No problems at all.
Great price and easy to use
Setup was done within 5 minutes. Works super.My modem and router are on the first floor and my basement always had weak signal. My basement computer picked up maybe 1 to 2 bars of wifi.I put this extender on the main floor and now my computer in the basement is getting full 5 bars.I would highly recommend this product to anyone experiencing weak spots / dead zones in their homes.
This power adapter is inexpensive and has to be bought back!
When my son went to college, I bought this DVD drive for him. His laptop does not have a DVD drive. This drive is very small and compact, does not take up too much space, is easy to use and set, and is excellent in price.
I love this dock shell. Key phrase for those who don't read descriptions: DOCK SHELL. This is only a shell to remove and transfer the internals of the official Nintendo dock to. Compared to the joy con modifications I did, this was incredibly easy. I love the small footprint, easy to travel with, displays the Switch tablet nicely, allows the tablet to breathe better, AND it won't scratch the Switch screen like the official Nintendo dock does (even though I have a tempered glass screen guard, so that wasn't really a concern). It even has a space to put the green LED indicator to show it is connected and powering the Switch in docked mode, as opposed to some other options. If you are willing to tinker with the dock, you can easily upgrade the clunky, ugly, congested, and scratchy Nintendo dock, and be confident in a perfectly functioning dock with all of the Nintendo dock's original internals in tact.
Bought this for a tablet that is used by a child. It has held up really well.
This is a great head set. It's super comfortable and has good sound quality!
Very quick and painless process buying this! Sellers are great and I would absolutely buy from them again!
I have used it to play world of warcraft for several days. The touch feeling is very comfortable. I like the side key design,it's very helpful for controlling the game role.
Best product I have purchased.
I was running low on storage on my laptop I use for business. Also, I had a need to boot multiple operating systems. I keep this plugged in all the time. I can store files on it and I have Linux installed on a second partition. I would like higher capacity devices in this form factor.
Is exactly the same one my LG Stylo 4 came with. Very happy about that. Great stylus pen.
Bought it for my husband and he loves it. Very easy to put together and connects automatically, makes your work from home comfortable.
Positives: + Works with my Nintendo Switch. It didn't even need the switch power adapter. I tried with my Samsung charger and it worked also. Maybe Nintendo updated their firmware to be more flexible. + Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S8 in DeX mode. It even outputs in 1440p which my previous hub was not able to do. It is really impressive. + I like the power indicator over the USB-C PD port when there is power to the unit. That's really helpful to see. + The compact form factor is perfect for travelling + I haven't had it for very long but the build quality seems pretty good and it feels pretty solid. We'll see how well it stands up over time.
Amazing. Works as advertised, overclocks as advertised.
This a great case for my five year old and she loves it. It's soft to touch and the handle makes it easy to handle for little and young kids. The strap is fun to have too.
Quiet fan that moves air well. Has rubber mounts and three speed selection switch. Great product for the price!
So far so good. Controller has a decent weight to it. Doesn't feel cheap. It was packaged nicely. It was recognized automatically (plug and play) by my Windows 10 gaming PC. The analog sticks were responsive and had a rubbery coating for easy gripping. The buttons didn't stick and work great. The color changing area is not super bright but does change colors. The middle button on the bottom brings up an Xbox type menu on my pc and other functions to let you record video/grab screenshots. Would recommend at this price point.
Perfect addition to my collection. Excellent quality.
Love the look and the angles are just right for viewing almost anywhere.
It's for my new macbook pro. I hope it will protect it well.
Works great, installs slightly off center though
The charger works perfectly. The customer service is exceptional! If you are looking for a charger for a Samsung chromebook, look no further, this is the one.
I like it because it works well with my drone.
Great product. It does it's job.
My son loved it, because he much prefers the xbox control layout over the nintendo switch layout.
Best shock proof case to protect from the kids
Works great! The size is perfect especially if you are using it for travel.
Keeps the temps down and its not to noisy
The handle works smoothly, and it's a good product.
Does the job great. Microsoft is crazy for charging twice as much. This is the exact same thing!
Works for my cell phone.
It keeps my laptop cool around the fan. The fan runs fairly quiet compared to my laptop when I playing games.
I bought this for my work tablet. For what I paid for it, if it lasts a couple of months, it's money well spent. So far, I'm very impressed.
I've had Kinesis keyboards for many many years. I recently had to buy a new one because my last freestyle had some buttons that were dying. The same thing happened with my previous one. I'm hoping with the Cherry keys this won't have the same problem. I love the feel of the keyboard. I'm a touch typist, writer and programmer, and the tactile feel of the keys is so much smoother than any keyboard I've had. It's really the only split keyboard that works for me. My favorite feature on all Kinesis Keyboards is the keys to the left; I use the copy and paste all the time. This version has them programmable so really I can put anything there. I've read reviews about the delete key being moved and it is a bit small, the previous keyboard had a large one I could hit easily, but with the programmable keys I can make any of them a delete key so I'm good.
My computer is without an external CD player. I bought this external DVD player / burner that does the work, without external power supply because there is only one cable, and especially that is recognized and recognizes all my cd / dvd read or write It works fine. compact. so far, so good. Perfect for the money. Very sensitive, do not touch or move when you burn a CD, and there is no noise during burning. It is worth buying.Reasonable price I saw.Recommend.
The product is very convenient to use, the file transfer speed is very fast, it is very clear when it is extended to the projector; the things are small and exquisite, easy to carry on business trips
This mouse is great for when you are on the go, or even when you aren't. It works well with photoshop and illustrator
I got this for my wife and she loves it, no issues have come up and it is working just fine.
My son loves this item...he has no complaints. Thank you
It fits like a glove.
Works as described, fits like a glove, and is beautiful! There's a couple of small imperfections but they don't take away from the overall look and feel of the case. I can't complain!
Alsome it work great
works well with the project it is being used for
I have a Sony A6000 and these work in all modes, video, HD, photos and audio. The price was super and delivers a great value for the dollar spent! Would buy again and highly recommend these for your cameras appetite!
This is a good quality product uses primary for graphics and design; it has a good price and good quality, I will recommend this product for anyone will like to have a product that last for long time. thank you
Some time ago my USB C card reader was damaged, which made my SD card idle for nearly a month. This time I bought this adapter for SD card. Now I can transfer video to my iPad Pro 11 smoothly.
Packaging fit in mailbox-- No need for bulky box. Comes with Keyboard cover, transparent screen protector and replacement padding for bottom case. Case snapped on easy and looks exactly like photo. Definitely a great price for all you get!!
Greats for its money. Sometimes to rare got slow for a sec or two but great quality and worth the money.
Works great and perfect size.
Everything is cool, works just fine.
Its kinda light but it does the job.
Strong magnet. Works well.
Easy travel, good quality.
I bought this as a gift for my mom to use and she loves it!
The color is just as pictured, it's extremely pretty. It is very sturdy and well put together. I love how smooth the keys are on the keyboard. I would absolute recommend this product!
Works just fine no complaints
Not as all. Used for dash camera
This is the best laptop stand I have ever owned- and I have owned plenty over the years. I wish I had had it on our last overseas trip. We travel a lot and I have never found the right size travel stand until now. It is well made, sturdy, compact, and also very lightweight. I work with my laptop on my lap on my couch with my feet up (I'm too short for my feet to touch the ground in a chair). My laptop gets so hot. I needed a stand that was light and airy. This one more than met my expectations.
easy to install has worked well increased range of internet
Great product, I like it very much the only reason I gave it a four star is that it does not fit my iPad air where the volume buttons are. I don't use the volume much. Very sturdy case End it comes with a clear cover and a kick stand in the back.
just a thing I don't like it could be stable on desktop someway but it doesnt
The product was delivered on time and functioned in a limited capacity. When plugged in it would run the lap top but the battery would not charge whether the computer was on or off. The battery was at 37% and I ran the computer for many hours with the 65 watt charger connected and the battery stayed at 37%. Helped me through the crisis. I have no faults with the charger.
Works as expected with room to grow in my first build. I wish all the plugs were marked, but its pretty easy to figure out after you are in there a minute. The big important stuff was clearly marked.
The item arrived in great conditions and it was a little complicated to arrange the buttons to make it work but once you set it up done deal. I use it to play PUBG and it works good. Quality looks and feels good. Bottom line it is a good product if you're in to mobile gaming.
Received quickly. Working great.
Worked great, surprised to see them delivers in a tin.
My laptop fits perfectly. I was a bit hesitant at first but I really liked how big it was. I love that I can finally lock my backpack so it doesn't open randomly. Headphone jack works perfectly and the USB charger as well. The inside department has a nice place for a mouse and charger. Love the cushion on my shoulders. A+++
Easy to install and so far works great!
Makes searching alot easier
It worked awesome!!! I have prime video and saved a couple of movies to my iPad and the adapter made it possible to watch it on my TV perfectly!
Great, inexpensive product. Fit My Mac perfectly!
I replaced a crossover strap with this one. I really like my new strap! It adjust to the length I need. The shoulder pad is comfortable.
So my computer dies on Friday afternoon, I call tech support ( my son) and BAM! for 150 bucks I have a new computer Monday morning. And it is doing all that I ask of it. Technology is wonderful and so is Amazon!
I use this bag for a long commute and so far so good! The material is waterproof and durable to hold up being thrown around in various places. It also has compartments to organize various things in the inside.
The cover is just as described and I truly believe it will protect my computer from scratches and getting knocked around. Love love love it!
Fast delivery. Like the slim design, works well for my iPad
I really like these fans, they work great on my Xbox sense it would be always hot and I got these and in about one and a half min my Xbox was cold I also like that they are on the same usb so it won't take up all of the power strip thay are pretty quiet but but I can still hear them a little bit but all in all they are good
Love it! Perfect size for my laptop and nice assortment of pockets inside.
That is a nice and flexible keyboard case I've never got before. It looks very luxury and full protective cover, I can change the angle for typing or watch movies, it is very convenient to carry for trip. 5 stars.
Does what it needed to do...feels much better quality than others but the most important thing is that my Nintendo switch will never drop signal in the middle of super smash bros ultimate
Bought my mom a new Chromebook and she loves her bag!
It came very quickly, even 1 week quicker than the expected time. The product is exactly the same what is seen in the photos, very well packed. Very user friendly product and works very well all over in our two-floor six-room house so far.
Installed easily and working perfectly.
Great. Exactly what I needed
Does the job it's designed to do!
The laptop is awesome! I love the customization with it and how you can easily add storage devices and make everything your own personal way.
You play console on the go then this is great
This is a great product. It is fleece lined and padded for extra security. I love it!
The keys have bold type on them which I really love. The keys aren't too loud when you're typing (personal pet peeve). I also like the angle the keyboard has on it which makes it more ergonomic. It required no set up or pairing (just plug in the wireless input into the USB port. The mouse is also ergonomic and quiet. The roller on the mouse works perfectly. The black with white letters helps the keys stand out more and is very sleek looking.
Great drive - no problems.
Good! Wanted to buy i pen but it was just too expensive. So I bought alternative pen. It works well. :)
It looks very nice in person and seems to be a decent quality product
The product works perfectly like the original battery. I am happy with the product.
This USB Hub was small, portable, and convenient. Just what I was looking for. The connections are reliable and works well.
Easy to use. My processor is Heartland and this worked perfectly
This is a great little pad for kids. It has a nice wavy design with cushioned edge. It's good that the parents zone was separated from kids section by a password, where you can setup the system or install/remove apps. My 8 year old girl like the unit so much that we have to set a daily time limit for her to use it.
Haven't encountered any issues, and it is very sturdy, no wobble and no flex when using for gaming or typing. If you push down on the middle of the keyboard firmly it still hardly flexes at all
Very easy to build. All parts received and good quality.
My son with autism has thrown his ipad many times and it has never been damaged because this case has protected it perfectly. It was recommended by the teachers in my son's autism class. He and his classmates use their ipads as communication devices and the ipad (minis) go through a lot but are protected well by this case.
I cannot believe how comfortable this lap desk is!! I usually sit 'yoga' style, and it works great. If I sit in the chair 'normal', it works great. If I sit with my legs sideways, it works great. I was worried it would be leaning to the left because of the heavy laptop, but somehow it distributes the weight evenly. The quality is amazing. And the little tray above the mouse for a cell phone? Genius! I highly recommend this item and am going to tell everyone I know that has a laptop about it. Makes life so much easier and more comfortable.
I'm not a gamer, but this kb is very appealing, sturdy, responsive, and comfortable. It looks awesome lit up on my desk at night. What I like best is the old school typewriter sound as you type. I give this keyboard Two Very Enthusiastic Thumbs Up!
I lobe these boxes. They are easy to install components and are built well
Got it in time and in good shape. thanks!
Its the best charger i ever had
Just ok. I have already had to replace them. I am not sure if we are too hard on cords but these only last about 2 months.
Good quality much more for the money
This was an easy and inexpensive solution when the built-in wi-fi on my computer broke... plugged it in and ran the disk... bing-bang-boom... back in business
This is my second purchase from this company and I am satisfied once again. Product is as advertised, fits snug, and color is beautiful. Will continue to repurchase time and time again. I've tried other snap on cases from other companies that sell on amazon and ended up returning due to receiving damaged / and or poor quality products. Thank you MOSISO for providing quality affordable products.
My new favorite travel accessory! I purchased this item to hopefully make uploading and editing my photos easier while traveling and it did not disappoint! I take lots of photos and at times edit in my hotel room. I can easily plug in my SD card to upload, and a mouse to easily edit my photos. While also view the images onto a big screen using the HDMI cable. In doing all of these things I can also charge my phone, etc. It makes everything so much more convenient, truly a life-saver! Only con I would say I wish it had a CF card reader.
I purchased this 9 months ago and it still holds up and probably is one of the best 144hz freesync monitor at the price i definitely recommend this for anyone with a good amd graphics card.
The replacement cartridge works perfectly and was automatically recognized by the printer. This is a pleasant contrast to the previous "genuine" Brother I purchased (from someone else) that printed poorly and gave me grief in getting the printer to reset as a fresh cartridge.
My laptop has stickers so I love that you can see them while also giving it a cute cover ( with all the pink )
Ordered this to protect the Ipad. My grand kids use the Ipad when they come visit and never fails one of the kids drops the Ipad. This nice cover will protect it. Plus I can carry it with me and have a nice built in prop when I am wanting to put it down and watch a movie or play a game. I am in love with the case. Fits perfect
This number is easy to pair with Windows 10 and reconnects itself after shut down everytime. This is a great item if you own a smaller laptop with no dedicated 10 key.
This item works well, and it even came earlier than expected. I'm happy with this mouse.
Fast as I have ever seen ! Perfect !
Arrived sooner than expected. Works great and is very reasonably priced! Happy with this purchase!
Was suffering for connectivity and speed on my old modem/router combo device. Purchased a separate modem, and this router. Very easy to setup and has excellent connectivity in my 1200 sqft apartment.
Received this as a replacement for lost cable, works great.
Worked with my ASUS laptop using windows 10
Like the case! Good quality!
Perfect for my kids gaming. It is powerful, fast, and has enough memory to load their games.
Out of the box ready and working... some reviews say it went toed up around the 30 day mark ...we will see
Great cover. Fits well and color is just as pictured. Would definitely purchase again.
Lovely leather and lightweight
This is my first review . I was skeptical about buying a refurbished PC because of all of the bad reviews about how dirty refurbished PCs came. I was amazed! It was packaged like a brand new PC except for the inclusion of a setup manual. While I generally don't like small form factor desktops this one works great and has everything you want. I upgraded the OS to to the Windows 10 May 2019 edition without a hitch.
Nice case for the grandson
at first it was tricky to set up. I tried doing it through my modem and the extender, but it didn't work so I had to set it up through my laptop. it was much easier to do it that way. once I moved it to where I needed it, the wifi strength was great. I personally bought it because my Ring camera wasn't picking up a lot of signal. I put the extender in the garage and now I have so much better signal
This is the perfect bag for me both for daily office use (holds files, notebooks, laptop) and for travelling. The doctor bag top is ingenious. It is super well made (although I would suggest detachable backpack straps and should bag strap). I just love it.
So far, so good. It fits perfectly. It looks like the journals I used in school. I love it!
I recently used my backpack on vacation and I have to say that this bag is well made and holds a lot. It held as much as a piece of carry on luggage and still had room. I highly recommend this bag!
Capable CPU. Stock fan entirely too loud, but was planning on upgrading that anyways.
This is my 2nd GALAWAY range extender. My internet connection point is in a remote part of the house, and the ISP equipment just doesn't reach far enough. I have one of these in my kitchen and it serves my 2 smart TVs and laptop. It even covers the back porch. I bought a second one for the garage so that my driveway security camera would have a good connection. Both work great, and handle the high-bandwidth video streaming. The GALAWAY device has a nice design.
Tripled my download speeds in my dining room and master bedroom. Easy to set up. No more dead spots in my house!
Great product! I get a lot of compliments. Will purchase another!
Excellent product, no complaints.
Very well made. Would be great for people who travel for business. I hate junk. I am always willing to pay for quality. I feel I received that. Not disappointed for what it does, it's is very simple design. This may sound strange, but the item just feels in your good in your hand
Great Product, Great Service
Very snug fit. Very well padded. Great protector. Hard to install bc so snug, but it's great bc once the iPad is in it won't budge.
I have been using this everyday to charge mobile phones tablets and bluetooth headphones. It outputs to the listed values on each port.It maintains power to all these devices and even to a usb fan and i.p camera.It is much more tidy than individual adapters.
These are great cables, but no right-angle option was offered for this particular cable, so I had to return it.
I was tired of typing letter by letter when using my android box. I just hooked this up by bluetooth and it worked right away. Now it's so much easier to search for movies.
The product quality is very good, wearing it has a kind of immersive feeling, can isolate the outside sound, has a kind of immersive feeling.The sound quality is very good. It sounds very comfortable.Perfect!
sound quality is amazing! great deal!
Honestly, I bought this as a gift and won't be able to give a review until the recipient gets it and I help him set it up, but I've had umpteen email requests to submit a review..... I can say that I bought it because it came as a kit: the camera, SD card, and card reader. I'm hoping Browning put their name on a good product. It shipped quickly.
Always good I am using one I bought in 2009.
Sleek and well built.
I bought this mouse due to its low price and good reviews. I exceeded my expectations. It feels great in my hand, it's precise, it feels well built and sturdy, and has five programmable buttons on the side. What's not to love!?
Works great with Samsung Tablet A (with S pen)
i was banging my head and disassembling my whole laptop trying to figure out why my macbook wasnt allowing me to format the ssd. i figured that it was a hardware problem and assumed it was the sata cable and i ordered this and got it the next day. will definitely keep this company in mind if i ever need it again. thank you
There is a place for everything; lots of compartments within each section. It seems very sturdy; but I've only taken it on a few trips. It looks great too.
Went on the Fitbit easily. No issues with the touch screen . Adds another layer of protection for the screen.
Great cover for the price! Quality was outstanding. Bought for my wife and she loves it.
Good quality. It is well made for the price. I would buy again.
Got these for my son and he really likes it. He plays video-game all the time and needed a new one.. he said it's very good, the sound is very clear and the design is nice.
This arrived very quickly, and has worked as described. We are very happy with the purchase.
Just what I was looking for!
Bought for my daughter's PC she built herself. Works great so far! Definitely would buy again.
Absolutely love this laptop.
Oh jeez this thing is dangerous. I plugged it in at work and they still can't find it 😭
Great replacement part! Works perfectly!
One of the best c type cables I have purchased on Amazon.
Worked perfectly on my hp laptop. I was skeptical to buy because it wasn't ask hp product. But it works & I can use my laptop.
I was looking for better sound than comes with an off-the-shelf monitor. In this case, I used a ViewSonic 24" monitor and hot-glued it to the bottom since it is made to connect with certain Dell monitors. I had to glue it off-center for clearance of the buttons on the bottom right hand side of the monitor. It works better than I expected with my Mac Mini.
Love the look of the computer. Took me a little longer to figure out the operating system than normal.
it is very easy to set the keyboard up, actually there is no set up needed, just insert the batteries, turn on the power, plug in the usb piece and start typing. works well with both iOS and windows. light weight and durable.
Works great, i use it a lot. easy to trade pictures from phone to computer and vice versa
We bought it for travel. I like the band behind the backpack so we can hook it to the suitcase handle and the waterproof feature. It's big enough for travel, but I would ‘t Recommend it if you only get it for school unless you are tall.
This works as expected.
I ordered this keyboard three weeks ago because I wanted something flatter that would allow me to type easily with long nails. This keyboard was cost effective and it exactly what I wanted. It's very small and light weight so it is easy to move and doesn't take up much space on my desk. It functions much like a laptop keyboard, which is what I'm used to. The only negative is that it did not come with batteries. Overall, great product.
I have been using this gpu since November of 2016 and it has been running great the whole time. The fans don't run too loud when running a game such as GTA 5 and the card keeps cool as long as you have a case with good airflow. I bought this card for $280 and the price has skyrocketed because of crypto mining. I'm not sure it's a great time to buy such a card from Amazon at the moment but if you can find this card at retail price it's a great purchase.
I bought this for my 4-year-old daughter. She loved it. For me, it is going to save some $$ on paper. I really like how light and sleek it is. All in all, good LCD pad. Totally worth it.
It's as good as everybody says. I got this primarily for artwork and it is perfect. Out looks and feels like drawing on paper.
good product, super fast shipping
So simple to use, just plug and play. I use it for my note 9 and it works great.
A little hard to get into a USB port, but otherwise what I'd expect.
This apple lightning female to male extension cable connector works well with my iPhone SE. Great product. Like it.
Came on time, just as descripted.
Mr. Shield is always the best.
This docking station does its work very well. It is compact, has the main slots that you may need and the USB-C slot allows you to use it in a bi-directional way (as a charging port or as an external port to connect a USB-C external HDD). I've been using it for several weeks and no complains at all.
This computer is fantastic!!!, booted right up and fast!. Doesn't come preloaded with all the junk. Plays every game I throw at it on ultra from fallout to PUBG with no problems. VR runs perfect as well. For this price, you won't find a better computer!
The color was a little darker then picture but I love it
We've only been using this for 4 days, but it seems to be made well and it's doing what it's supposed to. For now I'm rating it as a 5 for durability, but we'll have to wait and see how long it actually lasts. But as of now, it seems to be a very good cable for a very reasonable price.
Great price for that large capacity usb flash drive. The brand name on the usb flash drive looks cool. It's USB 2.0, so the transfer speed is not that fast. But it's ok for me because I only use it for backup purpose.
I would purchase again and recommend to others. I solved my issues by charging the pen through alternative methods other than charging through the computer. Excellent pen and company stands by their products.
It is a very high quality product, my husband loved it, we put it in our office for a more efficient use
Light, functional, and fits great!
Makes using your laptop a comfortable experience. Well made. My wife loves it.
This is a great product so far. perfect for my iPad! My daughter like it.high recommend.
First of all, know that this doesn't allow the tablet to cool as well, so it does increase the chance of overheating, which I've experienced. That's an issue with all cases, but I wanted to note it so someone doesn't blame the product when they should know better. Now you do! This installs easily, and fits tight. Everything that needs a hole has it. There's a small lip around the bezel, but I haven't seen anything else with a shorter lip. In this regard, this case is the best available. There's a bit of flash around the edges where the molds come together, so it's not visually perfect, however this does not affect functionality, and I can only feel it if I try. Altogether this performs great for the money.
Very happy with this adapter. Works great. Packaged very well also. Don't pay $50 at the apple store or Best Buy.
Perfect for use at work. I can jot my notes down and then erase them when they are no longer needed. Easy to carry in my purse and pocket. Also, my kids like to color on it so it's multi-use!
I bought the computer stand in search of something that would hold up my laptop while in use. Before the purchase I had used a book to help the screen be at a comfortable eye level. But now with the use of the stand I do not have to use a book to prop up the laptop. The stand is large enough for my hp laptop and sturdy enough that my laptop will not fall off the desk. The stand is very stylish. Thanks for the purchase.
Great case. Seems a lot more expensive than it actually is. Very practicle and light. I was apprehensive as I am very demanding, but happy to say it does not disappoint :)
Seem just fine, good pens as part of it.
Excellent replacement for my OEM charger. It works great and have had no issues. Highly recommend this product.
Holds lots of stuff and comfortable
Nice adapter for cords we already have
I love the colors, the design and the texture of this. Really great product.
It's perfect! Check your type of laptop before purchase! It fits really well! I love it!
Amazing deal for an amazing SD memory card. When buying a SD memory card always pay attention to the number within the U or C on the card. It will tell you how good the memory card really is. You want a U 3 for it supports 4k.
so beautiful looking on my daughter's Macbook Air. She loves it.
Works great . No problem at all !
This Cable is awesome it has abraded protective sleeve over the cable I always run over my cables with my chair and ruin the cable I'm impressed but the way these hold up , you get 3 in a package so it nice to have spares I was concerned with data transfer and rapid charging I can confirm my phone indeed charges rapidly and data transfer are fast and the cable itself just looks sexy using cable with my Pixel xl and computer which has USB type C 3.1
I purchased this ac adapter in November 2017. It's now April 2018 and the thing is barely limping along. Sometimes it works when I bend the cord a certain way and sometimes it doesn't. Word to the wise: spend a few more bucks and get a better quality charger because this one will bite the dust. UPDATE: After I left the above review, I was immediately contacted by their customer service and informed that my adapter was under warranty for 12 months. I was offered a refund or replacement - I went with the replacement. It was shipped to me quickly and I'm happy to say that the cord is working just fine. If you find yourself with an ill-working/broken cord, I'd suggest reaching out to the manufacturer because they will gladly replace it. With that in mind, I'd definitely purchase from this company again.
This is a great case well made and solid construction provides ample protection. I still have to play around with it and figure out how the heck to fold it the right way and what the extra little flaps are but in the most basic sense it's a great item to protect my precious pixel book
Love this little thing. I use it in my car where the USB is right next to and at the bottom of my big cup holder in the center console. Now I can listen to 1000's of songs without fear of banging it with my mug. Rocketek has great customer service too. Email responses by the next day.
Worked well. Must replace after 1 year. That not happy about only.
Great case and I love the color! Just what I wanted!
fits perfect.lightweight.
perfect for wall fishing or tight holes with multiple cables. Cables work great
Simple instructions any clown could figure out. Excellent value allowing a cheap way to listen to endless music from just a usb stick and mp3 files. System has plenty of power to thump the emblems off the car.
It fits and looks better than expected. That's always a plus anytime you buy something. It seems to be very durable. I personally didn't care for the pen holder it's a guy thing but my wife likes it.
It's exactly what I hoped it would be. Works perfectly. Better value than all of the other options!
Not only are they quiet, but they add a cleaner look to my PC! These bad babies will add more airflow to your rig making the risk of over heating extremely low!
Nice looking case with a tempered glass cover to show the inside. Video card is absolutely gorgeous and I'm sure it will hammer games out at a high frame rate. My dislikes: I'd like to see a larger SSD for the price, and some higher end gaming memory. Overall, it's a nice buy.
Arrived promptly and had nice "new" smell. Zippers and handle work well. Fits 13 inch Mac with case (the clip-on picture kind) with space to spare. Mac charger and external drive fit in outside pocket.
Great looking, high quality case made for serious builders with an eye for good design and aesthetics. Built a dual drive high-end Hackintosh and wanted it to be cooler looking just because it was not going to be a "regular" clunky PC! It's incredibly solid and well made hardware. Only downside is it's REALLY heavy, and I do worry about my cat's hair getting into this entirely open sided case, but that's the price for a case made out of quality metals and with a minimal open frame design; instead of the typical crappy, lightweight/ cheap plastic cases! Just bought extra cans of air to keep kittys hair away!
I have had it for about a week, and it seems to be good quality. Meets my needs.
People dont have a smart tv, this is an easy and cheap solution to enjoy your time. Easy to install, and easy to carry. Didn't come with HDMI cable. Good data transfer rate HDMI cable works really good with it. I connect with my phones works with all( lg v30, Samsung note 8 and One plus 7).
Left my power cord in a hotel. This was the perfect replacement. Works great.
This computer is for my son for homeschool. It meets all of his needs and is wonderful. Love the touch screen option
this was used on 2 printer. if i need to buy again i will find it in my list of order from amazon. when i like something i order again and go to my list of orders. fast delivery and great price.
Used 3 of them in trail cameras worked great. So far and excellent product would buy again if I need them. Came on time in excellent condition.
My son loves it. It lasted as expected. Don't expect to last 5 years but good for a product at the price point.
Purchased for my shop to run Shopify for our checkout. Works great, and is compatible with our blue tooth credit card chip reader.
Economical iPad case that is very sturdy and stood the test of time. My son uses his iPad daily and his first cover lasted almost 2 years. I recently just replaced it and purchased the same cover. Our two other iPads that have the same cover are still intact.
Very happy thank you
Just as advertised. Like the looks as well as the functionality.
We set it up as per instructions. We are quite happy with the booster.All phones, laptops and tablets connected without any issues.
Great product easy and quick transfer of data
This case has provided exactly what I was looking for...A case that looked sleek and slim but provided the necessary protection for my iPad. I am very pleased with this product, and the price was great, too.
Picked up this 8GB set for my Gateway Laptop to Soup it up a Bit. I looked for some used memory but prices were about the same as new, stumbled upon this brand memory which had good reviews so I pulled the trigger on it. Was packaged well & was delivered quickly. Easy install. Laptop is much faster going from 4GB to 8 GB.
as advertised & prompt delivery
So far it's great for the family to pass around as an extra tablet. Everyone has their own profile and I can restrict the younger one's use and access.
this is an excellent product! I was always bothered by the connection between my iphone and my Cannon camera and it completely solved my problem! it is great product with a reasonable price! Also the delivery was very fast and convenient! 5 star Review!
Absolutely love these protectors and the price! They fit the 7th gen I pad perfect 👌🏼
It works plugged it into the Samsung Odyssey VR and its worked
It is what i needed and it works and it has great price.
Got for my granddaughter
So far, so good. I've only had it plugged in for a day. But it works! Came with a CD that made set up easy. Really good speed, considering how far the router is from my computer. As long as everything stays as is, 5 stars!!
It's just perfect! Thank you!
Use for primary drive, plenty of storage to start with. First non-mechanical drive, awesome speed.
This works perfectly. Only issue I have is that my laptop doesn't always recognize the USB port as a 3.0 version port but that is an issue on my laptop and not the VGA Adaptor
I love this keyboard. It types very well, sounds good while typing, and is very bright when the lights are off.
This is a very nice business backpack. Very slim and light to carry with a laptop and notebook and more. The power pack is great.
These don't even have a battery life since they are WIRED but I love these, super comfy, very nice bass and sound, and low-key.
Nothing to beat. Will buy more.
This usbc adapter works well, you'll need to hook it up to a power supply when using it with a phone, but it charges your device and allows you to hook up other media to it/from it. Overall a good product with a nice feel from its metal exterior!
worked as expected with Win 10.
Love the festive flamingos.. it makes it easy to find.
So far this cable has held up well. Very thin. Lays on the floor un noticed. Would buy again.
Arrived on time. I get these instead of Livescribe's because they seem to last much longer.
Got these for my brother-in-law for Christmas. He loves LOUD sports on once he comes home from work and my sis has an emotionally demanding job and her brain needs quiet. They said these were easy to sync to their TV and he loves them. Win, win.
Works just as it said it would. No problems here!
Great purchase! My granddaughter loves it with her iPad. Very sturdy and durable.
Works like it's supposed to. Make sure to connect it directly to your motherboard.
Exactly what I needed to replace a broken battery. Works great!
Unit does what it is made for
Previously, my WiFi situation looked somewhat like this: a ISP provided router in the downstairs corner of my 2 story home. The signal barely reached to the upstairs corner of my home where I had my office. It was enough for my devices to see and connect to my network, but not enough for video or fast browsing. So, I went to Amazon in search of a Powerline kit to augment my ISP's WiFi connection. I eventually settled for this product. I was worried that it would not work, as the two rooms I planned to place the two units in were on different breaker boxes. However, the units connected to each other in about 1 minute. I connected a spare router to one end and my ISP's WiFi modem to the other, and it works great! Would recommend to those who have a medium level of technical knowledge, but otherwise it works great! TP-Link also provides a tool that allows you to configure the lights on the units.
So convenient! I lost my charger for my android phone and this works very well. Thanks!
I bought this as a gift for my dad and he absolutely loves it! He loves the wood grain look!
I have had this case for just over 2 month's and I love it there is little to no plastic parts on this case. The case comes well packaged so nothing was scratched or damaged at all. This is the best quality case I have ever bought. I wish I could give this case more than 5 stars.
Exactly as advertised
I am having trouble getting it to magnet to things. It slides. Other than that I LOVE this!! Works great.
Durable case! Easy to apply and quite snug. Didn't have any issues with overheating. Worth the money!
I love it I got for my grandson iPad and he is 17 months old and now he can carry his iPad everywhere with him
I got this to replace my 4 years old Lacie Rugged Mini USB. It works faster than the old one. And USB-C makes it perfect for 2018.
Works very well, very good quality.
works just like advertised. Thank you.
I realky love this. It"s more than I expected. So pretty and comfortable!!!
This keyboard is awesome. The light up display is great with the really nice, easy on the eyes (not harsh or too bright). I really like that I can change the colors and pick the one I like or have them rotating. The changing lights are cool but I prefer to keep it on one light and change it up depending on my mood. The keys work really well, not too loose to irritate me when typing but not stiff so make me feel like I have to punch the keyboard too hard and strain my wrist. Really fun when playing games. The extra light this offers makes being on the computer at nighttime not quite so difficult on my eyes.
This case was perfect, it is built very well and sturdy. I like the feel of the handle and the stand is great. The price is amazing compared to the cost of many of the others out there. I'm buying one for my wife's tablet.
Love this interface extender, is very easy to install and love it!
After looking at other products priced as high as $200, I decided to try this one at $35. Connected it to my Surface Pro 3, then connected an HDMI monitor and USB printer. Works perfectly! The power connector fits right underneath. When I want to take my Surface with me, I simply unplugged the unit, leaving the cables attached. When I return to my desk, I simply plug it in. At this point, I am completely satisfied!!
Plugged it in, set the switch , programmed my Direct TV remote to the Blu-ray 5.1 system... worked perfectly!
Very good, let's see how long will be survive! Recommended.
Great adapters just what I needed. Work great
I need a new ram stick and this did the trick
great microphone for the beginner
Picked this one since my son is always run out of storage on his iPhone. It was easy to set up after download the app. Easy to follow instructions and 1 click to download everything to this USB Flash Drive.
This is a great product! It has a simple design but you can tell it's made with good materials.
Great time of money and great to use on the go. I love it and what a great price.
Works as expected. Arrived in a timely manner.
Good looking fan and it is amazingly quiet. I was building a computer so the mounting bracket that goes on the back side of the motherboard was not an issue. If you are upgrading your current fan be aware that this one comes with brackets that fit AMD or Intel cores and the bracket fits on the back side of the motherboard to apply proper support for the cooling fan.
I opened the package and plugged it into my Windows 7 computer and the driver install had an error. Seems that I plugged it into a USB hub and there was not enough power. I plugged the USB directly into the computer and it installed fine. Ignore the install disk unless you actually like iTunes. Just install Audacity. You open Audacity, hit the big red record button, put in a tape in the Ion player and hit play. I had my first recording done as easy as that. Audacity also allows you to export to mp3. Yes the player feels like cheap plastic, but at $29 what do you expect? The sound quality is great playing 20 year old cassettes.
Baked chicken last night with this, and it really works. Chicken was crispy all around. It really was easy to clean too. I like this!
Works very well and is very easy to use!
This thing blows. Air. Out of my case. Really well
Takes about 10 min to set up. Works great!
Purchased this for my grandson and he loves it.
I bought the case because the UAG metropolis case was a big disappointment, the only problem with Yippee Case, but I knew it before, there is no chance to hold the Apple Pencil, but it is really nice and strong. I will use it with the original Smart Cover.
Fits great the pen thing broke right away but does perfect for protecting the tablet and my daughter loves the color and design,,, its a WIN WIN!
These actually do what they say! I had another brand where you could still see my outline through the plastic. These are thin and completely opaque. Good find!
Works on the PC and PS4 (mic as well) -Great audio, I use it for gaming, particularly for CSGO and I can hear every little bit of movement in game. It's amazing! -Sturdy and fits well for someone with a narrow head -Cable length is great as well
Nice replacement adapter. Works fine, no problems with it. Much cheaper than OEM
Learned a long time ago that it can damage your PlayStation if you use another brand for critical accessories. The controller works just as it is supposed to. It would be helpful if the USB cable was longer, but an extension cable overcomes that shortcoming. The only serious problem is they are a bit delicate. Drop them a few times even from a short distance and you'd better go ahead and get a new one so you'll be ready when that one fails.
It's a memory stick and actually works. Good enough for me! Lol! I've bought a few of these no-brand cheap sticks and memory cards that were a complete waste of money because the data would corrupt the second it was transfered. Small docs would be ok, but no larger media files, which makes them useless to me. A friend got this one and showed me that it actually DID work, so I ordered me own. Been using it a couple months to transfer large media files and so far no problems! I keep it on my keychain.
This switch is all I've been looking for for the past year. I had a dlink before and it blew out after 3 months. Picked up this Cisco and it's been working perfect for the last couple months. No issues at all. Also a great plus are the fans aren't that loud compared to my old dell!!
This product work perfectly. Now we're watching online movies on our 75' TV with audio coming directly from the TV.
It makes it so much easier to handle without fear of it slipping out of my hands
Love the stylus. Paid $40 versus $100 + for the Apple Pencil and I like this one much better. Unlike the Apple Pencil, this doesn't slip on the screen; in addition, it also turns off automatically after not using for two minutes which is another cool feature. It has a good, solid feel to it as well and appears well made. Just received it so can't address durability. Buy a couple of these rather than the Apple Pencil and you'll save $ and have an extra when your dog eats the first one.
the plug was the specified size and provided the advertised voltage. the tip pack was a nice bonus. not much more than that
The glove is comfortable and is perfect for digital art. It fits smaller and more slim hands.
very good ++++AAAAA ++++
I have only had my Ipad for a week, but so far I love this case. It pairs well with the collapsible front cover that Apple sells. It is really sturdy, not bulky and easy enough to get the iPad in (but not fall out.) I will update this review if I run into issues, especially the first year.
My entire house hold is Linux and chromebooks. The proprietary Apple phones do not give up the music and photos but this device will let Linux or Chromebook user get photos from a iPhone or iPad without resorting to a neighbor's possibly infected windows system, or an expensive MAC system.Works well keep one handy until Apple decides to change (IOS) operating systems again blocking the use of this type of device. I am hoping when that happens there will be a easy update for this require device for operating systems not in the main stream.
I use this to connect my laptop, external hard drive and Samsung S8. Very smoothe. Doesn't over heat even bring left in for days.
The AC1200 is the best router router for the price. I upgraded to this router in order to better stream tv. I have 7 wifi connected devices, two of which stream live tv,and everything runs flawless. I replaced an older Netgear router that didn't have gigabit capabilities. This unit does and now I can use the full potential of broadband service.
I was concerned it was the wrong product when the packaging said DVD-RW & not Blu-ray & had no adapter. I plugged in the drive & played a Blu-ray movie perfectly, looked great & ran quietly. I contacted the company, who said they're working on updating the packaging, apologized for missing adapter & quickly resolved that for me. Product seems great, but the fantastic customer service pushes my review to 5 stars
Bought it as a gift. They love it!
It's cheap, but it's a great connection.
Fits the RCA Viking Pro 10 tablet and keyboard perfectly. My kids have dropped their tablets more times than I can count, but these cases have always protected them from any damage. Pros: Protective and inexpensive. Cons: They've only lasted about a year before some of the casing starts peeling.
Easy to install, great buy! Thank you!
This is so freaking cute. I love it.
This ssd is sooooo pretty. Its light weight as well. I have samsung ssd with sam capacity but its heavier and twice the size. the transfer speed is awesome! Using this to backup my macbook pro on regular basis.
So happy with my gorgeous bag. I get a lot of compliments on it. My only dislike is that the strap does not match the material. I just don't use the strap and it's just fine.
Bought it for my sister she loved it. My sister likes to travel light and uses it for that.
works great for my computer. its the 13 inch model from 2015. i usually get a new one of these every 5-8 months cause they start to chip a little.
Great bass, great sound. This thing is so loud. I have it plugged into my XBOX One X for gaming and it truly sounds amazing.
It works great! No issues at all.
Awesome backpack! I use it for the gym. It holds my Racquetball Racquet, shoes, boxing gloves and racquetball balls plus arm and knee sleeves. It's sturdy too and well made.
2nd purchase of identical item. As advertised and received in record time. Thank you!
I love this product. This case looks great on my computer great product
So far so goo, all functions work fine. I want to purchase one more, but product is not available.
I received this and plugged it into my pre-built circuit and tried it out with the various AT commands. Works exactly as it should. Yes, this will work with iOS (iPhone, iPad) and Android. This is a great product that is nicely constructed and supports the behaviors exactly as it should. If you've been wondering which BLE device to get to try in your Arduino, iOS, Android projects, this is the one.
It works and travels well.
Love the color of the wiimote. Followed the instructions that were included and the controller sync'd right away. The controller has consistently stayed connected the nun Chuck works great.
I'm not a gamer but I love the keyboard and bought it for work.
Sturdy and thin, with some great water resistance, considering it rains a ton in Seattle and I havent had any issues with my belongings getting wet. This backpack also has a ton of pockets.
I love it. Got it as a gift from a friend, then bought another for work. I just purchased one for my brother an hour ago. For whatever reason, they changed the coating at some point, it now has this grippier rubbery texture on it- the first one I got was smooth plastic. Not sure which one I prefer better. Great for video editing and any other productivity. I would definitely recommend.
Fast shipping service! This fan is amazing. It fits perfectly around my neck. But easily stands up on a desk, I just moved to my new house and it's really nice to have this little double fan in the upstairs office, and my kids also love it, they use it in the playroom too!
The package contains the digitizer, a bezel and an antenna which I did not use. They were well packaged and the digitizer worked very well. I followed one of the Youtube videos about dragging an icon to test all areas of the digitizer, checked out all the buttons as well as the front/rear cameras using the camera app in video recorder mode. That Youtube video suggested the right side of the screen be placed down first, then very carefully work the ribbon cable on the left into the case as that side is set down. Great suggestion. This is a great digitizer, worked as expected, and I am very happy with the purchase.
I bought this for my fiancée for his Xbox One and I must say he loves them!! You can hear clear out of them and they are very sturdy and oh yes they are definitely worth the price!! We are satisfied with our purchase!!
I recently updated my Mac Mini with the 2018 model. My old Mini had Firewire 800 interfaces, but Apple seems to have abandoned Firewire. I store my user data on an external Raid 0. Fortunately, the drive has an eSATA interface in addition to Firewire. The USB-C to eSATA interface works as expected with the drive. Plug and play, no configuration was needed. This cable was the most cost-effective solution I could find to provide to connect the drive to my new computer.
Really nice and protective! Fits my 13 inch macbook air. Its bulky but really protective from drops.
Works as advertised!
This monitor stand riser works great for my computer monitor. The drawer has plenty of room for files or a text book and the cubbies on the side are great for pens, the check book, etc. There's also a decent amount of space below the drawer for another text book. The stand is quite solid or sturdy; I have not had any problem with it slipping or sliding, even with the cat spending time around it.
Fits by key chain and is very durable. I wont leave home without it.
It is better than I expected. The cover is beautiful. I just love it.
I got three my two boys and my ex love their MacBook Air.
Fantastic. Exactly what I needed.
I use a Macbook Air with USB C connections so I love having a small, fast card reader that I can connect right my Air to download files from my SD card.
Excellent HD, Easy to connect and use , Data transfer speed it awesome, cable quality is also good, 100% recommend , you can use this with mac os too, i have mac so it run very smoothly in mac. Worth it !!!
No connection issues great work.
Ordered this for a repair on a neighbors laptop. It was a perfect fit and I haven't heard anything back, so I guess it is still working perfect.
Although I was unable to use the cord (didn't fit my TV), I found it to be strong and gives you a nice length if you don't have a plug close by. I will use them in the future should I ever need another power cord. Plus the price was reasonable unlike from the manufacturer.
My 2 year old plays on my iPad drops the case has been a life and money saver
So far this charge cable has worked for me charging my Essential PH-1 and has survived being pulled off of my desk more than a few times. While USB-C ports and connectors are stronger than micro-B, this cable still seems to be above average. I don't have any USB-C ports on my computers so I haven't been able to test data transfer though.
Was easy to connect and set up within minutes. Very satisfied
I saw someone using one in a customer's office and came home to order myself one. I really like it. Sturdy, well-made and at a good height.
Good product! It eliminated my outdoor wifi issues going to my TVs and outdoor components. Mine is in my bar so I think it will hold up for years. I cannot comment on how well it will last when exposed to the elements continuously.
Aside from being an mp3 i can put videos in it too.The sound quality is great too, I bought noise limited childrens headphones for my daughter to use with it so she doesn't damage her ears by having the music too loud.The music quality is worth 5 stars on its own. It has a lovely tone but instructions a bit poor. I like it though & appreciate the speed it was despatched at this time of year.
Was skeptical at first. Took me a while to install at since i didn't know it came with instructions lol. Gave it to my little girl as the pink color grabbed her attention. 5 minutes in see her jumping up and down behind the couch sure enough i look over and she's jumping up and down with her cowboy boots right on the screen. To my surprise the case and built in screen protector did it's job. Not one single scratch or crack on the ipad. Will definitely buy again if needed.
Work s alot better than the original bar
Runs smooth no in and out connection this is definitely recommend.
Inexpensive and easy to use. I'm a happy old school teacher!
The durability is excellent, easier to clean, and easy to use... Thanks a lot.
I Love it.... it works...you have to figure out drivers for windows xp
Perfect cost effective solution for wireless internet! Driver free installation also!
Arrived as described, love it!
It's fast, reliable, light weight, and well designed.Very good experience.
16GB is almost not worth purchasing, but if that is all that you need, these are the perfect 'bang' for the buck. They all work. The little data access light is not to bright as to annoy you, but if you look for it, it is there and lets you know it is working.
It works really well and is just the right height.
Works great and gets the job done!
The charger and battery for my macbook pro arrived quickly and performed as expected
Takes a beating from my 5 year old grandson, very sturdy. Have not tried using the pencil with it yet but will do that after Xmas Worth the money
I've paid for iPad screen replacement repairs in the past, but never again. This kit came with everything I needed to fix my daughter iPad. While watching a YouTube step by step video , and using this kit, the repair was done in a very reasonable amount of time. For the price of this kit, I was more than impressed.
Very nice sleeve case for the laptop. Has enough pockets to put all your stuff. And love the inside fabric, it's soft and prevents your computer from getting scratch. Would definately recommend it to others.
It just works. Have had this for over a month with no troubles at all with Ethernet
These are great for seeing my keyboard at night, or dim light! Great value, didn't matter to me but they were all different colors which is cool! Bright lights easy to use!
Works just as it should! Without additional remotes or bulky hardware lime other options.
Very durable, good price, and good length.
I have to say that this is the best dual-monitor USB 3.0 docking station out there that I can find, and I tested a bunch of them. It's a good price, it's reliable, and it's worked well with every brand and type of PC I've tried it with (which has been six different brands/models of Windows 10 laptops so far), including two different models of Microsoft SurfaceBook and various models of HP and Dell. I've bought six of these so far (between home and work needs) for myself, my family members, and people at my office, and it's been great every single time. Just be sure to get the updated DisplayLink software from the website, and update the DisplayLink software when new versions come out. That's got nothing to do with this product in particular, just that Microsoft's patches and updates have a history of breaking products that use DisplayLink chips.
fast move the data, take more connected.
This is exactly as it is advertised, lightweight and beautiful ... It feels very good when holding in my hands and the cutouts are perfect ...
Exactly as described, used to convert old VHS to Digital Format.
The quality of the product and the short time to deliver
The cables of most cellphone chargers are not long enough which always bothers me. With this cable, I can charge my phone almost everywhere. The length is great for running cords behind our bed.
This router was extremely easy to set up and I have found it to be much faster than my previous router. It has a nice range in my large home and the phone app is very useful. The parental controls are adequate and easy to manage from my desktop or phone. I have used several routers over the last few years and so far this one is by far the best. I was also very surprised at the low price as well. I would definitely purchase again.
Nice product quality is good
I am a very picky person, and this case surprised me with its versatility and quality construction! Everything works and looks gorgeous! I'm so very happy!
The stand is strong and sturdy. The build quality is top notch. Instructions were clear and only took 30 mins to install. Search for my video on YouTube!
Works fine, fast delivery. Very satisfied.
Super simple to configure, just connect and obtain an ip by dhcp, log in, connect to a wifi router and obtain a bridged ip, not routed.
This computer is pretty solid and can handle most daily tasks from gaming to work
I am quiet pleased with these. Whereas I don't have any other "gaming" headsets to compare these too as I've only used cheap, off the wall, headphones before. But these are great. Light weight, comfortable, and pretty good sound. They don't block out noise as much as I had hoped, but they do have a much longer cord that what I expected so that was a plus. I can't comment on the mic as I use a separate USB mic, but the sound quality is decent. I enjoy them.
I work on a computer all day long and this product saved my wrists. I was getting a lot of pain from the hard surfaces and this solved the problem.
Nice simple little project. Finished in about an hour. Documentation could be better but that is part of projects like this. A+
Incredible product! I was able to download my pictures that were taking up all my phone storage, delete them so I could take more and I am still able to see all them with my on-the-go flash drive!
A good gaming headset with long enough line and even one double-plug transfer which can be used in PC. Works good with my PS4, Nintendo switch and MacBook.
This case is amazing I love the strap on the back for holding and I dropped it twice on concrete and it did not break
You cannot buy a better 2.1 set of speakers for you TV, Computer or as a stand alone. Hook up a $19.00 Logitech powered bluetooth transmitter and you will be completely satisfied & impressed!!! I purchased this set for myself last year as an outdoor sound system and I was so pleased I purchased this same set as a gift for my son in leu of a sound bar and he loves it!
Great seller. Clean. Perfect working order. I'd buy from him again as his feedback was excellent!
Of all the hubs I tried - and I tried most - this one actually works. It sits in the travel kit when I go from client to meeting to client as I can display what I need. Good price. The dongle is longer than most and doesn't place stress on the USB C ports. Bottom line - blow off the rest and buy this one. Feel free to ask me about how this compared to the others. OEM, Belkin, etc., all failed after a few days. This one is still chugging along with now issues.
It does what it's supposed to do.Good price. Good packaging. Good quality. I like it!
Easy to install with the tools included. Works as advertised. So far, so good. Good seller. No issues whatsoever. I would buy from them again in the future.
Excellent product. Works great. Easy installation, no bubbles. 100% blackout from angles greater than 60 degrees. Keyboard cover was an unexpected bonus. Definitely got my money worths. I would recommend this product for anyone with Macbook Pro 2016 or later.
I love my quirky for my macbook charger! Be careful when ordering and pay attention to the size on your charger box, though. I mistakenly ordered the wrong size, but when I finally got the right size I love it! I definitely saves space and is super convenient.
Don't spend the extra $$ to buy something that looks similar to this one. This is comfortable and works great!
Very comfortable. Great sound and all my gaming friends say my voice is clear and easy to hear. Would buy it again
I've only had this for 10 days, but so far, it's flawless. Works on two different monitors, 2 different hard drives, projector, PowerPoint laser pointer. After 2 months of nearly daily use, this thing is flawless! I back up an external hard drive, record on Audacity through a wireless mic, works well with extra monitor and PowerPoint projector. Highly recommend it!
I love this product! I am 65 and these techy things are very difficult for me to understand and to operate, but I found this to be perfect for me! It is easy to plug into my computer and start up is also easy.Thank you so much for this great product!!
I love the print on the case. It is very slim and fits into my purse with ease. I now feel comfortable taking my tablet with me everywhere. I have received several comments about how beautiful this case is.
This adapter replaced the one my dogs ate it was perfect
Works and stays put!
So handy to have a usb drive like this. It is lightweight, inexpensive and seems to have a quality build. I used to carry external drives but this is better.
I love when I click on it it is smooth and silent. It just makes using the mouse peaceful.
Excellent product with very clear instructions. Absolutely no difference that I can tell between this and naked screen.
Great Laptop. Saved $400 from retail. Amazon the best...
Well packaged and works very well. Latches works as expected and the cable is well made. It works well. I would recommend this to anyone who is adding a drive....
At first I thought this mouse was a bit light, but after using it I think it works great. It fits my hand well and is a noticeable improvement over my last mouse. Overall, the value is great for the price. If you're looking for an inexpensive wireless mouse, this is a good option
I wanted a case that was light, to put into my bag, and also substantial enough to protect. This one did the job well. I would get it again.
The adapter was used to replace a 3.5 inch drive in a Lenovo All-In-One touch PC with a 2.5 inch SSD. The drive bay in the PC requires a 3.5 inch form factor to fit the mounting caddy and hard-mounted SATA connector. The adapter is the perfect solution.
I was skeptical to purchase this considering some of the negative reviews concerning the magnet strength. I must say that I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this tablet holder right out of the box. This was purchased mainly for a Samsung Galaxy 9.7 tablet to be mounted on the Side of the refrigerator (Not the stainless steel front as it will not stick to that). The magnets are more than strong enough to hold the tablet holder, and the tablet firmly to the side of the refrigerator. It also can be used on any table or countertop with the pull out adjustable leg which adjusts the tablet for different viewing angles. For the price paid, I am extremely satisfied with this purchase.
Omg, this is the backpack that's I've been looking for. There's just so many pockets and a large space for laptops and many more. The charging port is really convienent when on the go. There's just so much room to store your belonging. That's just unbelievable. The downside is that the backpack Is noticeably heavier than normal backpacks but it's large rooms make up for that!
High quality camera, shipping was fast.
I've been using this router since 2015 and to this date I have not had any problems with the signal. I am using it for telephone and internet and don't have to pay monthly payments to rent one from my cable company. It was easy to install, too.
These seem to be the only windshield mounts that last, the garmins all pull out of the center and I end up just ordering more of these to replace them.
Had no issues - was compatible.
Love this keyboard. Mouse is ok.
Fits my Macbook like a glove, easy to put on, and doesn't budge or scratch. I like how I could choose the exact model to ensure the right size esp as I have a 2011 Macbook with the CD slot--and not many sell specifically for it. The material's quality is great and sturdy, esp for the price. It is exactly as described. I chose the white marble design, and it doesn't get dirty easily. The light from the apple logo shines through when open but not when closed (due to the light turning off). The instructions made the installation easy. The only thing not good is the keyboard cover -doesn't adhere consistently so the transparent color is also inconsistent. Some of the black of the keys peek through but only in the center of the key. I would compare it to how a wet spot on a clothing looks darker, only this is a keyboard cover and it's not wet. But then I didn't buy this for the keyboard cover and didn't even know it came with it. Verdict: buy it only if you don't need a keyboard cover or ok with just buying an additional keyboard cover elsewhere. Very affordable and surprisingly great quality!
The product is of good quality and has a streamlined design that smoothly connects to the side of your computer, completely matches and is no bother at all to my MacBook. Amazing and works great on MacBook Pro latest model 2019. Totally recommended. Great for carrying!
Great product and they seem to last longer than most. I received them as promised
Prop'n Go Slim holds my 8" Samsung table very well. I can use my tablet in the portrait or horizontal position. It adjusts super easy and provides many angles. I can always find a perfect position no matter what position I am in (sitting, reclining. laying in bed). The padded bottom is very soft and comfortable. I lip on the front edge holds your tablet and keeps it from sliding/falling off the front. I have had other tablet stands that did not have a lip or one tall enough to hold the tablet. Overall this is a great accessory for any tablet. Note that it does not provide a cover for your tablet. I just place my tablet face done on it in the flat position (not inclined at all) when not in use. There is a bit of a pocket between the hard plastic base and the pillow on the side opposite the lip. I did not realize this was there until after I received the product. I use it to store my stylus, since there is no other place to attach a stylus. It is not a big pocket, just enough to slip something small into.
Though I'm not a fan of the sleep mode, this is a big, beautiful, comfortable, responsive mouse worth four times the $7.99 bargain price I paid.
Really easy to set up. I'm on Windows 10. I just plugged it in and it started working. It feels like it's been built with quality materials. Very responsive.
Quick shipping, arrived in good condition, worked as described. would purchase from this seller again.
Very well made. Feels sturdy
I purchased this as a gift and the recipient is totally pleased with this bag.
Product quality and value for money are there. Not as dull as the rest
These speakers are not the best sound quality but they are extremely cost-effective and work great for the price.
Worked great. I have been using these several years. Good service.
Amazing color. Factory settings seem to do the trick right out of the box. I have two of these in a dual monitor setup - tons of desktop real estate.
Feels good in the hand and works well. Syncs up quick. The only negative is that the sides are a little slippery being just plastic and not some sort of rubber coated. But otherwise a nice product.
This Laptop Backpack was more than I expected. The price is what got my attention but the materials and features sold me. My laptop fit perfectly, The velcro strap keeps it in place nicely. My favorite feature ended up being the built in usb port. I place my mophie in the mesh pocket and attached a usb on the outside. There's a mesh pocked directly underneath that fits my iPhone 8 plus. Overall I'm completely satisfied with this purchase.
They work great!.. a different size for everyone!..Granddaughters love them too!...
Is a very simple design but looks good and works better, check the speed I get with an SSD inside this enclosure... Great!!
It works really great but it's not for me. I prefer time capsule & airport as well as airport express.
Works great! Transfer speeds are fast and I am able to use wired electronics seamlessly with no hit to performance. I've used these with my Wacom Drawing Tablet, my Microphone, my Scanner, and my external DVD drive and they all work.
Received this in the mail today for my new MacBook Air. I absolutely love it! The floral design is beautiful, the apple symbol really does shine through this specific case like the picture shows. Easy to assemble, including the screen protector. Very happy with this purchase!
Received a lot of compliments on the bag! It is small and light which is great to take to work!
It has worked great for my kids and their lap tops, I would buy again.
I bought this to replace a dead PNY 128 GB USB 3.0 flash drive. This one is much heavier and much better built. On top of that, it's a lot faster. It has served me well thus far, but I still can't comment on long term durability. I will update this if something happens.
Received as described
Easy to install, very fast shipping, no problems.
Great material, nice size, fits my MacBook Air and my iPad
I purchased this case as an upgrade to the OEM case used for a Cybertron PC that I never cared for. The quality of this case is top notch. The supplied fans run cool and quiet, the PC overall runs cool and quiet as well. Honestly I can not fault this case in anyway. Every upgrade I have done to the PC since the transfer of components has been a smooth and easy task. Very pleased to have purchased this case.
These are perfect for what I needed. I bought them for computer at work so when I play music I'm the only one who hears it. The sound comes from the tower on the floor and it just wasn't working out for me. So getting these speakers to place besides my computer was perfect, sounds fabulous! Well worth the purchase. Do recommend!
Very great price and well made
Mine came in one solid piece.Works Great looks amazing !!!!
Does the thing it's suppose to
Fast, reliable, two years and still amazing working. i recommend
Before buying this, I bought another touch pen, but it didn't react very well and I was looking for other good ones. I tried using it on iPad. It was very easy to handle. I was working on illustrations and photos with the pen I had bought so far, but it was good! I like the design very much and it is easy to hold! Anyway, the reaction is good, so I ll put it on! It was good to buy it because it puts small letters! We can purchase at low price and are satisfied. I was really happy to buy it!
I ordered these twice. Great for the whole family.
This was a great deal. 3200 dpi makes for a much faster mouse speed and it was incredibly inexpensive. Connected right away and is working great. Over 6 months later and this is still performing flawlessly. It is dedicated to my backpack for laptop use. So far it is handling the abuse. Update: It's been 10 months and the battery finally died. So 10 months of daily 8 hour use. Not bad!
This thing is exactly what I was looking for and it works great for my PS4 and my monitor. And the picture quality is great!
My unit is defective and I'm positive it's the USB cable. The USB works perfectly one way but constantly disconnects when you swap the male connectors. This SSD enclosure is much faster than my other one. I'm gonna leave this negative review till customer service gets back to me. Don't let this review scare you away. This is the best chipset for USB 3.0 enclosures. Hopefully when I receive a new unit the cable will work correctly. If not, I'll just replace it with a high quality cable. The cable is on the cheaper side in terms of quality. Edit: Replaced united. New unit working flawlessly. Confirmed the cable was indeed bad. Company never contacted me (not that I was excepting it). Amazon has great customer service and replaced the unit promptly.
Our son says he loves it. The rapid fire helps his ability to obliterate his competition
This is the only tool you really need for your computer and camera! So easy to have around for any time you want to upload your photos to your computer, etc. Highly recommend!
Have plenty of storage just what I needed for movies.